[([u'Lost Brother in Yosemite'], [u'YOSEMITE NATIONAL PARK, Calif. \u2014 Afternoon gave way to evening, and the parade of restless clouds and the occasional bursts of rain had moved on from Yosemite Valley. In their wake was the empty quiet of Taft Point, 3,000 feet above a famous green valley going gray in late-day shadow.', u'There were no tourists, only a raven, black and unhurried, circling at the edge of the cliff. It spiraled upward, a silent signal of rising air. A good sign for BASE jumping and wing-suit flying.', u'Dean Potter, a 43-year-old professional climber and jumper, considered one of the world\u2019s best in a wing suit, stood a few feet from Graham Hunt, 29, his apprentice and flying partner.', u'About 20 feet to their right was Jen Rapp, Potter\u2019s longtime girlfriend, and the couple\u2019s dog, Whisper. Rapp held a camera. She framed the photos so that El Capitan, across the valley toward the setting sun, was in the background.', u'BASE jumping is illegal in the national parks. But that did not keep people from surreptitiously doing it, at the risk of being caught, especially in Yosemite, where the sheer cliffs make it the best place on the planet to do it, some believe.', u'\u201cAnywhere else you go is a compromise,\u201d Potter would say.', u'The men had jumped from dozens of spots around Yosemite Valley, but they knew this route well. At the end of a 1.1-mile downhill trail from a small parking lot on Glacier Point Road, Taft Point is marked by a railing meant to keep tourists from falling. Potter and Hunt preferred jumping from an edge about 100 yards left, to the west. They would drop hundreds of feet with their arms and legs spread, the webbing between their limbs and the baffles inside their suits filling with air until falling turned to soaring.', u'They would fly right, toward the heart of the valley. There is a sloping rib of a ridge there, a relatively unremarkable feature called Lost Brother. It is not marked on the park maps handed to visitors. It juts downward into the valley before it ends abruptly into a vertical wall known mostly to climbers. In that ridge is a notch, a V like a rifle sight.', u'Potter and Hunt had made the jump many times, sometimes together, sometimes not. Hunt had done it without Potter several days before. He would usually steer himself through the notch. Potter had been through the notch a couple of times, but he usually went around the ridge to the left. It depended on how well they maintained altitude once they began to fly.', u'The men were zipped into their suits. They did not wait for the full cloak of dusk. A breeze from behind caught their attention but did not send a strong enough warning to pause. It was 7:25 on May 16.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t mind if I\u2019m on the record,\u201d Potter wrote in an email in March, discussing the decades-long fight to legalize BASE jumping within National Park Service sites, and especially at Yosemite, with its unique valley of sheer cliffs.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve been flying in the park since 2003 and the N.P.S. knows it, but they haven\u2019t been able to catch me or prove anything,\u201d he added.', u'Potter offered a tour of the BASE-jumping culture at Yosemite, allowing himself to be captured on video leaping, illegally, from the cliffs at dusk or dawn and landing before being detected.', u'\u201cThere are at least 10 local guys who are regularly BASE jumping in Yosemite and probably 50 to 100 others annually traveling to Yosemite from around the world to experience the birthplace of big-wall BASE,\u201d he wrote.', u'Potter knew the long history of enforcement at Yosemite. Robin Heid was arrested and charged with jumping off El Capitan in 1979, which helped lead to a midsummer trial run for legal parachuting there in 1980, aborted after six weeks of unruliness. BASE jumping took hold in the global extreme-sports culture of the 1990s, and stories of Yosemite rangers hiding in trees and using night-vision goggles became legend.', u'In 1999, Frank Gambalie drowned in the Merced River after trying to escape rangers. Months later, in a protest of park policy and enforcement, Jan Davis fell to her death from El Capitan ', u'; she wore a borrowed rig, not wanting her own gear confiscated. In 2010, Ammon McNeely was caught and subdued with a ', u'.', u'In between, dozens have been arrested, jailed and subjected to thousands of dollars in fines and have had their gear confiscated. Several have gone to court to challenge the National Park Service rules banning the activity, ultimately to no avail.', u'It made no sense to Potter, and plenty of others, that climbing was legal, and that falling was legal, but that stopping a fall with a lifesaving parachute was illegal, a result of the application of an arcane law banning the delivery or retrieval \u201cof a person or object by parachute, helicopter or other airborne means.\u201d', u'But it was 2015. Potter was hopeful. He believed he could be both renegade and diplomat.', u'\u201cThe N.P.S. and the law enforcement have changed a lot in the past year or two,\u201d Potter wrote in March. \u201cMost all of the lead positions in the park service are now held by people who either don\u2019t have a huge problem with BASE or are quite lenient when it comes to catching and prosecuting jumpers. For sure the rangers enforce the law. If they see us, they pursue, but for the most part, they are not hunting us as before and there seems to be a lot more respect on both sides.\u201d', u'A sport that began as a rebel offshoot of sky diving had evolved into a popular and respected derivative of rock climbing. Places in Switzerland, Norway and Italy welcomed BASE jumpers. And Yosemite, the best place \u2014 maybe the safest place, with its vertical cliffs and grassy landing areas \u2014 had only six known BASE-jumping deaths in its history, and none since 1999, despite thousands of jumps since.', u'Potter jumped. Hunt followed, like a shadow. Rapp clicked photographs. The men fell out of the frame before her lens caught them falling away, soaring with wings spread.', u'Hunt quickly passed Potter. His suit was made for speed. Potter had set records for long flights and preferred loft. He had been in Canada working on a design to allow him to land on his belly on glacial ice, no parachute necessary.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s low,\u201d Rapp thought to herself. \u201cWhy is he going toward the notch?\u201d She saw Hunt veer left, as if to go around the ridge, then quickly back to the right. Potter held his line for the notch. They disappeared into the hole that led to the dusky valley.', u'Rapp heard a thwap. Her mind tried to tell her that it was the familiar sound of a parachute deploying. It was followed almost immediately by a duller, heavier sound.', u'Rapp waited alone on the cliff\u2019s edge for more clues from below. None came.', u'She clicked through her camera to retrace the flight paths in the photos. In two dimensions, without depth perception, it was hard to tell what happened to the shrinking specks in the frames. There was Hunt, who disappeared into the grayness of the rocks. There was Potter, who made it through the leading edge of the notch, a downward halfpipe, and fell out of sight.', u'Somewhere far below was Rebecca Haynie, Hunt\u2019s girlfriend of a few months. She had been on a hike when Hunt called saying that he and Potter planned to jump at Taft Point. Meet at the meadow at 7:30, Hunt said. She aborted her hike and went to the lodge area in Yosemite Valley to get a drink and pass the time.', u'She did not see a text message that Hunt sent at 6:55 until about 7:25 because of spotty cellular service in Yosemite. He had asked her to turn on her two-way radio so they could communicate. She quickly texted back that she would in a few minutes. She drove around the darkening, forested roads for 90 minutes, waiting to hear from Hunt again.', u'\u201cI was putting my faith in a lot of irrational places,\u201d she said in a phone interview. \u201cEven though I knew what probably happened.\u201d', u'In the dwindling light, Rapp rushed back up the trail to the parking lot. She drove her car the 13 miles or so back to Wawona Road, made a right and headed the 10 miles down to the floor of the valley.', u'She went to El Capitan Meadow, but there was no one there. Her phone had no text messages. Unsure of what to do or where to go, she drove to the rented house that she and Potter shared in Yosemite West, a cluster of homes back up Wawona Road, past the Glacier Point turnoff. The couple recently bought 31 acres nearby and had plans to build their own home. That day, rainy and cool, had been spent clearing trees and brush, and Hunt was there to help, until the clearing skies led to the idea of making an evening jump off Taft Point.', u'The house was dark and empty. Mind racing, Rapp studied the photos and scrolled through various outcomes in her head. Maybe the sounds she heard were Hunt crashing. Maybe Potter saw it happen and was searching for his friend. Maybe Potter crashed and was hurt. Maybe they were both O.K. but were hiding from rangers. Maybe they had been arrested.', u'Her mind was a tug of war with hope. Maybe they would pull up to the house any minute. A car came at 9:30. Out stepped Haynie. She was alone.', u'A little more than a year earlier, in March 2014, one of Potter\u2019s best friends and flying partners, ', u'. It was only the second known BASE-jumping death at Zion, but the first had come just over a month earlier.', u'Leary, alone, had apparently jumped off a sandstone tower called West Temple and tried to fly through a gap in the Three Marys, a set of statue-like formations resembling chess pieces. Leary was missing for days, and Potter was among those who rushed to Zion to help find him.', u'Potter and a few other climbers reached Leary\u2019s body, but the park service would not allow them to bring it down. Rangers packaged the body, and a helicopter, borrowed from Grand Canyon National Park, lifted it out.', u'\u201cThere are places within the United States that one can BASE jump, but not in Zion,\u201d the park\u2019s then-superintendent said in a news release. \u201cThere are many reasons for this, from resource protection, to visitor and employee safety, to Wilderness mandates. BASE jumping is not congruent with the founding purpose of this park.\u201d', u'Ray O\u2019Neal, a longtime ranger at Zion, said that the problem with BASE jumping in national parks was not necessarily one of safety or rescue costs, as many jumpers presume.', u'\u201cThe reason we would like to discourage it is not so much because of the danger of it, but the spectacle of it,\u201d O\u2019Neal said during an interview at the park\u2019s Emergency Operations Center. \u201cWe like to think that people come here to enjoy the scenery, and not the spectacle of people jumping.\u201d', u'Scott Gediman, a Yosemite park spokesman, agreed. On average, 14 Yosemite visitors die each year \u2014 from falls or drownings, car accidents or natural causes. Rarely are they BASE jumpers.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re not against BASE jumping as a sport,\u201d Gediman said while sitting on a bench at Yosemite, where a rappelling accident had killed a climber the day before. \u201cBut we have to look at the big picture and its appropriateness in the park.\u201d', u'The frustration for Potter and other BASE advocates has been the apparent lack of consistency in park policies. It is generally legal to catch a fish but not to pick flowers. Horses are allowed on many trails, but mountain bikers are not. The Merced River is a jumble of colorful rafts carrying tourists; El Capitan is a dot-to-dot slate of climbers and ropes; and Yosemite even allows hang gliding on a limited basis off Glacier Point, not far from Taft Point. Potter was allowed to string tightropes between formations. But if he fell, it was illegal, in theory, to prevent his own death with a parachute.', u'In 2006, the last time the National Park Service updated its management policies, individual park superintendents were allowed the discretion to pursue approval of BASE jumping. None have. (The exception in the national park system is the annual Bridge Day at New River Gorge, in West Virginia, where hundreds take part in a one-day jumping celebration that dates back nearly 40 years.) Potter thought times were changing. He pondered ways to devise a permit system, to limit the number of BASE jumpers and to ensure that only well-trained jumpers would leap into the valley. He did not have that part figured out yet. But it was his goal. He wanted nothing more than to BASE jump and fly wing suits legally in Yosemite, the place that he loved more than anywhere else.', u'The women drove back into the black valley. They looked for people they knew \u2014 climbers camping or hanging around the village and the bar. There were no familiar faces. At about 10:30, they showed up at the door of Mike Gauthier, Yosemite\u2019s chief of staff, a conduit between park bureaucracy and the climbing community.', u'A call to the Yosemite dispatcher quickly deflated hope that Potter and Hunt were in custody. There were no reports of BASE jumpers caught by park rangers.', u'A late-night search was called. Rangers and volunteers from Yosemite Search and Rescue were told that a pair of BASE jumpers were missing off Taft Point. It was not until they saw Rapp that they realized that one of the men missing was Dean Potter. Everyone knew him.', u'\u201cI hoped he was just hurt,\u201d Rapp said. \u201cMaybe he had two broken femurs. Maybe he was bleeding to death. We just needed to get up there.\u201d', u'She tried to leave the searching to the experts. But at 4 a.m., helplessly waiting, she took binoculars and headed to the base of the canyon below Lost Brother. She scanned the darkness for movement or color. She screamed into the black void above her. She got no response.', u'There were still no answers from above by daybreak. A helicopter took off and headed over the top of Lost Brother. Two bodies were quickly spotted. Neither man had deployed a parachute.', u'Hunt had cleared the base of the notch, but having most likely entered the downward funnel on a diagonal path, he had crashed into the right wall.', u'\u201cTurns out the sounds I heard, I think, were the sounds of Graham hitting a tree and then the wall,\u201d Rapp said.', u'Potter was found several hundred feet farther into the notch. Speculation began immediately that maybe the sight of Hunt, or the air disturbance caused by his maneuvers, had affected Potter\u2019s concentration or control. Neither man was wearing a GoPro video recorder, contrary to some news reports, but Potter had jumped with a smartphone strapped to his head. It was heavily damaged, but park service investigators have it, along with Rapp\u2019s photos, hoping to mine them for clues.', u'Rapp returned to Taft Point three days after the accident. By then, there was a memorial at the cliff\u2019s edge, where Potter and Hunt had made their final jump. El Capitan sits across the valley a little to the left; Yosemite Falls can be seen a little to the right, over the top of the brown, down-sloping ridge with the notch. The memorial included feathers, a beer can, Tibetan prayer flags and a photograph of Potter.', u'Rapp sat alone on a rock. A raven appeared. Unflinchingly, it approached and patiently ate a piece of salami out of her hand. It had never happened to her before.', u'\u201cThe way the raven looked at me, so intently, so. \u2026,\u201d Rapp said, the thought drifting, unfinished. \u201cYeah, it was Dean.\u201d']), ([u'In France, It\u2019s Ladies First as Fillies Trump Colts'], [u'PARIS \u2014 It should come as no surprise that horse racing, a sport that has been around for centuries, might be a bit sexist.', u'Even those with only a passing interest in the sport have now certainly heard about the superstar colt ', u', and every country\u2019s annual Derby \u2014 be it in Kentucky, Epsom or on the Curragh \u2014 gets far more attention than similar races for fillies, known as the Oaks. Everywhere, that is, except in France.', u'The annual ', u', or French Oaks, in Chantilly north of Paris is the high point of the spring racing calendar. Part of the appeal is the tradition of elegance connected with the race, where high fashion, gourmet picnics and Champagne reign. But driving the party is the feature race, the 2,100-meter Prix de Diane reserved for 3-year-old fillies.', u'The colts had their say two weeks ago, when New Bay won the French Derby before a relatively sparse crowd at Chantilly. Things will be different on Sunday, when up to 40,000 people are expected to turn out for the fillies in the Prix de Diane.', u'What makes the fillies\u2019 race so interesting? Because the French Oaks has been the proving ground time and again for equine stars with staying power. Whereas many of the best 3-year-old colts head to a lucrative stud career soon after making their mark in a Group 1 race like the Derby, top racing fillies tend to stay in training longer and tackle ever-tougher competition.', u'Thierry Grandsir, a pedigree expert and manager of DNA Pedigree in France, noted that 12 of the past 15 winners of the Prix de Diane stayed in training for a 4-year-old season or longer, whereas only 8 of the last 15 French Derby winners did so.', u'Prix de Diane almunae include Zarkava, ', u' who went on to beat the best colts in Europe in the Prix de l\u2019Arc de Triomphe. Goldikova finished only third in the Diane that same year, but then raced three more years and won a record 14 Group 1 races, nine of them against colts. Treve won the Diane in 2013 and then posted back-to-back victories in the Arc. She is currently preparing to defend her title for a record third time.', u'\u201cIt makes more economic sense if you have a top-class mare to race and then breed later,\u201d said Genevi\xe8ve Neveux, who runs a small breeding operation in Normandy. \u201cThe Prix de Diane is more of a beginning to a career than an end.\u201d', u'A stallion can cover more than 100 mares a season, for several thousand euros a pop, offering a strong incentive for an owner to cash in rather than continue racing. Intello, for example, the 2013 French Derby winner, stands for 25,000 pounds, or about $38,000, in England, a mid-range fee for a Group 1 stallion. If he covers a reasonably sized book of 80 mares, he could earn about \xa32 million every spring for the foreseeable future.', u'A mare, on the other hand, has only one foal a year after 11 months of gestation. Even if Treve had gone to the breeding shed after her first Arc victory, she would have only one foal on the ground now and be carrying a second (assuming everything went well in the breeding process). That first foal would have been unlikely to see a sales ring until next year \u2014 if it was offered for sale at all \u2014 and it is highly unlikely that it would have fetched more than the \u20ac3 million, or $3.3 million, that Treve has earned in the past year on the racecourse.', u'Treve will still have plenty of time to make babies after her third Arc bid this year, but there is no guarantee her extraordinary talents as a racehorse will pass to her offspring. History has shown that the best race mares often don\u2019t make the best breeding stock.', u'Zarkava retired undefeated after her 3-year-old season and was then bred to Dalakhani, who won the French Derby in 2003 and then went on to a successful stud career. The birth of the resulting foal was one of the most anticipated events in breeding. But it was a huge disappointment. The foal, a filly named Zerkaza, never saw a racecourse. Zarkava has since visited the best stallions in the world \u2014 Galileo, Sea the Stars, Dubawi and Redoute\u2019s Choice \u2014 and has yet to produce a single runner.', u'The jury is still out on Goldikova, who has produced two foals, both by Galileo. The first, a 2-year-old colt named Goldikovic, is in training with Freddy Head and has yet to debut.', u'There are exceptions, of course, and some champion fillies do pass on their quality. Aquarelliste won the Prix de Diane in 2001 and was second in the Arc that same year. She won 7 of her 10 career starts and went on to be just as successful as a broodmare. She has produced five winners so far, and three of them have placed in stakes races. Some of her daughters have become successful broodmares. One of her daughters, Ame Bleue, will race in the Diane on Sunday.', u'Daryaba, the winner in 1999, has produced three Group winners. And the biggest exception of all, of course, was Urban Sea, who was only sixth in the Diane in 1992 but went on to win the Arc in 1993 and then began to produce an unbelievable dynasty of champions, including the group-winning stallions Galileo, Sea the Stars and Black Sam Bellamy.', u'One reason ', u' have made more of a name for themselves than fillies in other countries is that the French racing program in recent years has offered arguably a tougher program of Group races for fillies than colts. Prix de Diane winners can progress to the Group 1 Prix Vermeille at Longchamp and use that as a steppingstone to taking on the colts in the Arc.', u'\u201cThere is such a good program for stakes-winning fillies now, which we didn\u2019t have 10 or 12 years ago,\u201d Neveux said. \u201cWe don\u2019t find this quality of horses in the colts.\u201d', u'But while the quality of French fillies routinely surpasses the colts, the concept of equal pay for equal work hasn\u2019t caught on. New Bay won \u20ac857,100 for his day\u2019s work in the French Derby, while Sunday\u2019s Oaks winner will take home just \u20ac571,400.']), ([u'Sundays on the Old Course at St. Andrews: No Golfers Allowed'], [u'ST. ANDREWS, Scotland \u2014  For those who arrive at the birthplace of golf on a sunny Sunday morning, the rules of play are simple. You can pretty much do anything you want on the historic grounds of the Old Course, as long as it does not involve actually hitting a drive or rapping a putt.', u'Frisbees are fine. Picnics, too. Locals might tell you that pushing a baby stroller (or pram, in the vernacular) can get a little challenging on some of the more uneven parts of the course, but if your little one will be soothed by the strong winds whipping in off the North Sea then, well, so be it.', u'Wedding photos on the famed Swilcan Bridge are no problem, either, though guests in formal attire should be advised that they may not fit in with the more casual university students who like to loll about on the 18th fairway.', u'Put another way: All are welcome at the home of golf on Sundays. Except golfers.', u'\u201cWhy is it this way?\u201d Alastair Matheson, 86, said as he led a small group of visitors on the daily guided tour of the Old Course in the spring. \u201cBecause that\u2019s the way it has always been.\u201d', u'As with many regulations from a different era, the Sunday slumber for the Old Course is a rule that is simultaneously charming and maddening. For most purists \u2014 a group that seems to include a majority of the residents of this town on Scotland\u2019s east coast \u2014 the centuries-old edict to refrain from golf on Sundays is a sacred part of the Old Course\u2019s venerable traditions. For many golfing tourists \u2014 a group that has only been more feverish this year ahead of next month\u2019s British Open on the Old Course \u2014 it is downright cruel.', u'In a city where good weather means it rained for only half the day, and at a course that most every golfer in the world would dearly love to play, why would anyone ever think it\u2019s a good idea to close on a weekend?', u'Jonathan Kwiatkoski, who traveled here from Chicago on a golf vacation, paused near the renowned Road Hole bunker alongside the 17th green on a recent Sunday morning. He was on his way to play one of the other courses at St. Andrews, and he grinned when asked about the Old Course\u2019s weekly hiatus.', u'\u201cThis is all a little strange, for sure,\u201d Kwiatkoski said, motioning around at the area\u2019s general stillness while watching another man, presumably also a visitor, squat down and appear to closely examine the famous bunker\u2019s grains of sand.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s hard to imagine a public course in America closing on a Sunday,\u201d Kwiatkoski added. \u201cUsually, that\u2019s when everyone plays, not when nobody plays.\u201d', u'Historians trace the Old Course\u2019s Sunday closure to religious laws dating at least to the 16th century, when some residents of St. Andrews were cited in town criminal logs for playing on the Sabbath. According to Gordon Moir, the director of greens keeping at St. Andrews, it was not until 1941 that the other courses at the complex were opened for play on Sundays.', u'The Old Course, though, has always stayed shuttered, essentially morphing into a bumpy, sand-dotted parkland that attracts an inordinate number of joggers, dogs and, sometimes, joggers with dogs. (Several signs warn visitors against \u201cdog fouling\u201d and threaten to assess a fine of roughly $60 against any offender who might, say, think about leaving a companion\u2019s bowel movement in a bunker.)', u'Sunday activities on the Old Course over the years have run the gamut. A local woman named Marie-Noel, who declined to give her surname, said she recalled members of her family laying out their laundry on the course some weeks and added, with a mixture of sheepishness and pride, that she and her friends used to participate in an on-course drinking game known as Port Golf when she was attending a university nearby.', u'Matheson, one of four guides handling the daily tours, recalled seeing fishermen spread their nets on the fairways so they could mend them. He shook his head when relating a story about a woman in high heels trying to walk across one of the greens.', u'\u201cThat happens more than you would think,\u201d he said. \u201cThen you sometimes see some of the boys out with a football trying to have a proper game before they get chased away.\u201d', u'Matheson said he had never heard of any serious discussion about changing the Sunday rule. He noted that Old Tom Morris, the legendary player and greenskeeper who revitalized the Old Course in the mid-1800s, was said to have preached, \u201cEven if the golfers don\u2019t need a rest, the course does.\u201d', u'Moir, who is charged with keeping the course in top shape, heartily endorsed that line of thinking, particularly in a year when the British Open will be played on the Old Course. Each Sunday is a full workday for Moir and his crew, with about 20 workers dispatched over the course to handle tasks from spreading sand to filling divots.', u'Sundays are the chance to tackle more labor-intensive repairs and get a full reading on what the course needs. (The course will be closed to the public \u2014 golfers and picnickers alike \u2014 beginning June 19 to prepare for the British Open.)', u'If members of Moir\u2019s staff see any particularly unruly behavior on Sundays \u2014 he chuckled as he detailed the time he witnessed several students engaged in a snowball fight on one of the fairways \u2014 they will not hesitate to admonish the offenders, though most visitors are respectful.', u'For a long time, Moir said, the biggest problem was the number of people who wanted to take pictures next to the flagstick on the 18th green. With the well-known clubhouse standing majestically in the background, the tiny ropes that staff members put up to deter people did little to slow traffic across the putting surface.', u'These days, however, Sunday visitors will find an authentic St. Andrews flagstick stuck in the ground to the side of the green about halfway toward the adjacent first tee. This way, Moir said, both the ground and everyone\u2019s selfies are preserved.', u'There are, of course, some exceptions to the Sunday rest. Practice rounds for the British Open, for example, are scheduled to begin on July 12 \u2014 a Sunday \u2014 and play will, naturally, be allowed on the next weekend, when the final round is played on July 19. There are also a few other tournaments throughout the year when Sunday play is permitted.', u'On a vast majority of weekends, however, this gem of a course separates itself from most of its brethren. Indeed, while the rest of the golf world is on the first tee at dawn or traipsing through a six-hour round at a packed municipal course or trying to squeeze in a quick nine before sunset, the birthplace of it all stays quiet.']), ([u'Croatia President Demands Action Over Swastika Incident'], [u'ZAGREB \u2014  Croatia President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic called for a swift investigation and punishment for the people who imprinted a swastika cross on the pitch at the stadium where Croatia played Italy in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday.', u'"This act has inflicted immeasurable damage on the reputation of Croatian citizens and their homeland all over the world. Therefore, we must finally put a stop to such things," she said in a statement released on Saturday.', u'Croatia played Italy behind closed doors in Split having been handed a one-match ban for racist chants by their fans in a 5-1 home win over Norway in Zagreb in March.', u'That followed incidents during a 1-1 draw against Italy in Milan last November when flares were hurled on to the pitch.', u"The swastika sign imposed in the grass at Split's Poljud stadium through a chemical agent days before the kickoff became visible during the match.", u'"I condemn in the strongest possible terms the swastika on the pitch. I demand an urgent investigation and a decisive response from the relevant institutions to find and process the perpetrators," Grabar-Kitarovic said.', u"The swastika incident left Croatia players and the country's soccer ruling body, the HNS, fearing drastic punishment from the UEFA after the result left them top of Group H with 14 points from six games, two ahead of Italy and four clear of Norway.", u'"This is a clear attack on football and we will without a doubt be severely punished," HNS secretary-general Damir Vrbanovic told a news conference on Saturday.', u'"We have all been slapped in the face by hooligans and it was not an accident, it was a calculated move. The cameras will identify the perpetrators, but the shame will stay," he said.', u'(Reporting by Zoran Radosavljevic, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Azeri Archer Withdraws From Team Amid Nepotism Allegations'], [u"BAKU \u2014  Azeri archer Leila Fazilova pulled out of the European Games on Saturday amid claims of nepotism as her husband is the team's assistant coach.", u'The 41-year-old Fazilova had been called up as a late replacement for injured Sugrakhanim Mugabilzada, but three days before the archery competition was due to get underway, she decided it was better not to compete.', u'"Everyone knows that she is good," her husband, Natiq Fazilov told reporters.', u'"She came 17th in the European Championship in 2012, but still rumours are going around. We decided that it would be better if she did not take part.', u'"We don\'t like being the centre of a scandal. Of course my wife is disappointed but to stop the gossip we did not have any other choice."', u'She will be replaced by 25-year-old Yaylagul Ramazanova.', u'The inaugural European Games, which kicked off on Friday, run until June 28.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'England Call Up Overton as Cover for Jordan'], [u'LONDON \u2014  England have called up uncapped Somerset all-rounder Craig Overton as cover for injured fast bowler Chris Jordan for the last three matches of the one-day series against New Zealand, the England and Wales Cricket Board said on Saturday.', u"Jordan, who conceded 97 runs in nine overs during New Zealand's victory in the second game on Friday, has a side strain.", u'The series is level at 1-1 after two high-scoring games. The third one-day international is in Southampton on Sunday.', u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Queen\u2019s Jewel, a Chestnut Gem in Prix De Diane Field'], [u'PARIS \u2014 The field for the ', u' race on Sunday at Chantilly racecourse north of Paris is likely to comprise just over a dozen fillies, and Queen\u2019s Jewel is the standout among the rising stars.', u'Born in purple and trained by the best, Queen\u2019s Jewel is a textbook example of a champion racehorse. Bred and owned by the billionaire Wertheimer brothers, scions of the iconic Chanel empire, Queen\u2019s Jewel is undefeated in all of her three starts. Her sire, Pivotal, has been one of the most influential stallions breeding in Europe in the past two decades. Her dam, Safari Queen, already produced a stakes-winning sister, Royalmania.', u'Queen\u2019s Jewel is trained by Freddy Head at his yard in Chantilly, which has been home to champions like Goldikova, Marchand d\u2019Or and Moonlight Cloud. She has stakes winners like Solow and We Are as stablemates.', u'Head has taken his time with Queen\u2019s Jewel, a big chestnut filly who is still growing and filling out. She was entered to debut last autumn as a 2-year-old, but that plan was dropped to give her more time to mature. Instead, she debuted in a 2,000-meter race for first-time runners at Saint-Cloud in early March, where she pulled away to win easily. She was quickly stepped up to Group 3 company, and won the Prix P\xe9n\xe9lope at the same racecourse a month later. She continued to progress, winning the Group 1 Prix Saint-Alary at Longchamp in a course-record time on May 24.', u'Maxime Guyon, the Wertheimers\u2019 retained jockey, who has piloted Queen\u2019s Jewel in all of her races, said at Longchamp that the filly was still immature and was learning her job.', u'\u201cShe has a big margin to progress,\u201d he said after the Prix Saint-Alary.', u'Head agreed. \u201cShe\u2019s a very, very good filly and is still quite green,\u201d he said, adding that he thought she would probably be at her best over a longer distance of 2,400 meters \u2014 which is the distance of the Prix de l\u2019Arc de Triomphe, where Queen\u2019s Jewel holds an entry.', u'The race on Sunday will be the biggest field she has faced, and her running style of closing from off the pace means Guyon will have to keep her out of traffic trouble to get a clear shot at winning.', u'Queen\u2019s Jewel is likely to have the aid of a pacemaker in the form of Clarmina, also owned by the Wertheimers but trained by Carlos Laffon-Parias. She may not need it, though, because a strong pace is likely to be assured by the front-running Fontanelice, trained by Freddy Head\u2019s sister, ', u'.', u'Fontanelice comes into the race with ambitions of her own, having won two Group 3 races in Italy last year. But she has never run more than a mile and is likely to struggle with the distance of 2,100 meters, or just over a mile and a quarter, on Sunday.', u'More serious competition could come from Little Nightingale, owned by another racing dynasty, the Wildenstein family. Little Nightingale won the Group 3 Prix Cl\xe9op\xe2tre at Saint-Cloud on May 13, over the same 2,100-meter distance as the Prix de Diane. And the Aga Khan\u2019s filly Kataniya also poses a serious threat. She is undefeated in three of her four starts this year, and is coming off a victory in the Group 3 Prix de Royaumont at Chantilly, which gives her experience on the same course as the Prix de Diane. The Royaumont, though, is a 2,400-meter race, and Kataniya might struggle with the shorter distance on Sunday if the pace is extremely fast.', u'The fillies with legitimate ambitions also have to contend with the relative unknowns \u2014 fillies who are hoping for place money or are running to give their owners the pleasure of seeing their silks out on the big day.', u'Business Lawyer is the winner of a conditions race, and would be taking a huge step up in class if she runs on Sunday. Maimara is in the same category, as is the appropriately named Absolute Blast, whose owners have made it known that they are running for pleasure.', u'Absolute Blast will carry the colors of Daniel Cole, who has been dreaming of having a runner in the Prix de Diane ever since his parents took him to see the race when he was 10 years old. He was enamored with the sport, and became a steeplechase jockey when he was old enough. Now 53 and managing the Haras du Bois d\u2019Argile in France, which specializes in rehabilitation of injured horses, Cole will take his place among the big-name owners on Sunday.', u'Cole bought Absolute Blast for just 2,500 euros, or about $2,800, at the mid-summer sale last July in Deauville. She ran three races as a 2-year-old, ending the year with a victory in a conditions race. She stepped up to Listed-race company this year and finished fourth. She will be one of the longest shots on the board on Sunday.', u'\u201cWe know we won\u2019t win, but we\u2019re going to enjoy the moment,\u201d Cole said. \u201cThis is what racing is all about, what small owners dream of.\u201d', u'Cole is asking supporters of Absolute Blast to wear red on Sunday, the color of his silks.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re going to have a great time and plenty of Champagne, no matter who wins the race!\u201d he added.']), ([u'Dusty Rhodes, Professional Wrestling\u2019s Everyman, Dies at 69'], [u'Dusty Rhodes, a professional wrestler who endeared himself to fans as an everyman with a less-than-stellar physique, died on Thursday in Orlando, Fla. He was 69.', u'World Wrestling Entertainment confirmed his death without giving the cause.', u'Rhodes, whose real named was Virgil Runnels, also went by the nickname the American Dream. He was a member of the W.W.E. Hall of Fame, and held the National Wrestling Alliance championship three times. He became famous during the height of wrestling\u2019s popularity in the 1970s and \u201980s, appearing in signature yellow polka dot tights with his sidekick \u201cvalet\u201d Sapphire.', u'Rhodes was born on Oct. 12, 1945, in Austin, Tex. He was the father of two W.W.E. wrestlers: Dustin Runnels, better known as Goldust, and Cody Runnels, who wrestles under the name Stardust. Complete information on survivors was not available.', u'\u201cHe was arguably the most charismatic performer of all time,\u201d Jim Ross, a longtime WWE broadcaster, said. \u201cHe was exactly what he portrayed on TV: A blue-collar, common man, who rose from being son of farmer to being a part of American pop culture.\u201d']), ([u'US Soccer Defends Hope Solo Decisions in Letter to Senator'], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  The head of U.S. Soccer defended the federation's handling of goalkeeper Hope Solo's domestic assault case in a letter to U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal on Friday night.", u'Solo was charged with two misdemeanor counts of fourth-degree domestic violence assault stemming from an altercation last June with her sister and 17-year-old nephew at a family gathering in Kirkland, Washington. A judge dismissed the charges earlier this year.', u'Blumenthal (D-Conn.) wrote to U.S. Soccer President Sunil Gulati on Thursday regarding Solo, calling domestic violence "unacceptable, particularly for an athlete representing the United States of America on the global stage."', u"Solo is currently starting for the U.S. women's national team at the World Cup in Canada. The U.S. played to a 0-0 draw with Sweden in a group-stage match on Friday night. She did not speak to reporters following the match.", u"Gulati's response said U.S. Soccer investigated the matter as thoroughly as it could at the time, but its approach was guided by limited access to information and contradictory accounts of the incident, as well as legal concerns.", u'"The federation has been a long-standing leader in the pursuit of gender equity in sport \u2014 a role of which we are quite proud," Gulati wrote. "Accordingly, rest assured that the federation considered domestic and family violence a very serious matter. The federation understands its role and obligation as the national governing body for the sport of soccer and will continue to investigate and address such issues as they arise."', u"Blumenthal's letter came in the wake of an ESPN report that brought new information about Solo's arrest to light, including allegations that the goalkeeper was combative with police officers. Solo pleaded innocent to the charges.", u'ESPN said the report was based on police records, two sworn depositions obtained by the network program "Outside the Lines," other documents and interviews with one of Solo\'s alleged victims. It said Solo had been drinking when she arrived at the home of her half-sister, Teresa Obert, and was the aggressor in the altercation, including slamming the teenager\'s head into the floor.', u'Solo\'s lawyer, in response to a question from ESPN about the reports, responded with a statement saying: "Police reports and other court documents clearly demonstrate that the alleged victims radically changed their stories on multiple occasions and twice refused to answer questions under oath, despite court orders. Had the case proceeded to trial and the witnesses been cross-examined under oath subject to the penalty of perjury, the defense would have proven that Teresa\'s son, not Hope, was the true aggressor, and that Hope suffered a concussion as a result of her nephew\'s unlawful conduct."', u"The ESPN report came the day before the U.S. team and its star goalkeeper opened play at the Women's World Cup in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The monthlong event is being played across six Canadian cities.", u'Gulati said U.S. Soccer did not suspend Solo because statements made by her half-sister and nephew were inconsistent, but he acknowledges that the federation never spoke to the relatives. U.S. Soccer, relying on the advice of counsel, decided to let the case play out.', u"Gulati's response acknowledged that new information was presented in the ESPN report that the federation did not have initially. That information was contained in records that were sealed.", u'He said U.S. Soccer is looking at the new information.', u"Following the ESPN report's release, U.S. coach Jill Ellis said the team was not impacted.", u'"I\'ll be honest, we\'ve moved on," Ellis said. "She\'s been a fantastic player and teammate. None of that has even resonated with us, and I\'m sure many of the players aren\'t aware of it."']), ([u'Nadal Beats Monfils 6-3, 6-4 to Reach Mercedes Cup Final'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Top-seeded Rafael Nadal defeated Gael Monfils 6-3, 6-4 on Saturday to reach the final of the grass-court Mercedes Cup.', u'The 14-time Grand Slam winner saved all four break points he faced and converted two of his own to beat the fourth-seeded Monfils of France in 1 hour, 19 minutes. Monfils lost despite serving 11 aces compared to none from Nadal.', u'Nadal, who was made to work hard against Bernard Tomic and Marcos Baghdatis in the previous rounds, says it was his "best match so far. I am very pleased with my performance."', u"Nadal will face the eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki of Serbia or second-seeded Marin Cilic of Croatia in Sunday's final.", u'The Spaniard is looking for his third title at the tournament after victories in 2005 and 2007 when it was still on clay.']), ([u'Baku Organisers Prepared for Anti-Armenian Sentiment'], [u"BAKU \u2014  The Azeri organisers of the European Games are prepared for anti-Armenian sentiment from the home crowd, they said on Saturday, a day after the neighbouring country's team was booed at the opening ceremony.", u"Relations between the two nations have been tense for decades over the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh and thousands of Azeri spectators booed and jeered the Armenian team loudly as it entered the Olympic stadium during the athletes' parade on Friday evening.", u'The hostile reception continued on Saturday when Armenian athletes were booed at the start of the wrestling competition.', u'"We have spent some time looking at a range of scenarios," Games chief Simon Clegg told reporters when asked whether he was concerned about crowds reacting to Armenian athletes\' presence at the Games.', u'"I recognise there were some reactions from elements of the public to the marching of certain delegations, positive but also not so positive."', u'War erupted over Nagorno-Karabakh in 1991 as the Soviet Union broke up, killing about 30,000 people. A ceasefire was called in 1994 but violence has broken out sporadically since.', u'Nagorno-Karabakh has run its own affairs with heavy military and financial backing from Armenia since the war. Armenian-backed forces hold seven Azeri districts surrounding Nagorno-Karabakh.', u'The Armenian team has sent 25 athletes to the June 12-28 event after the intervention of International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach last year.', u"They are competing mainly in wrestling and boxing but the country's Olympic chief has stayed away from Baku.", u'"Bearing in mind the difficulties between the two countries it demonstrates the power of sport that Armenia is here," Clegg said. "To have all 50 National Olympic committees (of Europe) marching sent an incredibly positive message.', u'"I hope that people will appreciate athletics performances irrespective of which country competes."', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'From Tree to Greens, a U.S. Open Unlike Any Before'], [u'This is a story about countless blades of grass, a single tree and a freight train.', u'Combined, the three will make the 2015 ', u' next week at the Chambers Bay Golf Course in Washington State unlike any played in the previous 120 years of the tournament.', u'The grass is a daring biological experiment. The tree, the only one on the golf course, survived an attack by a drunken, ax-wielding vandal. The train\u2019s rumbling locomotive thunders past several holes 60 times a day, figuratively staring down golfers preparing to hit tee shots.', u'Together, they will make up the landscape, the view and the soundtrack of the United States Open\u2019s first trip to the Pacific Northwest.', u'Before it was a golf course, the property that is now Chambers Bay was a wasteland of rugged vegetation, knotty buttes and vast pits left behind by centuries of use as a mine, lumber mill, wastewater treatment plant and major industrial center. The land, nestled above Puget Sound, had few mature trees.', u'One exception was a lone fir that stood sentinel over the grounds, perched on a 12-foot berm along the water and visible from every vantage point. It was not the most attractive tree, its canopy lopsided with gaps between the branches and spotty needle growth.', u'\u201cIt had a kind of Charlie Brown Christmas tree look to it,\u201d said Mike Davis, the U.S.G.A.\u2019s executive director, describing the tree when construction of the golf course began in 2004.', u'But as nearly 1.5 million cubic yards of dirt and sand were moved to implement the innovative links design by Robert Trent Jones Jr., the tree endured. Hillsides were obliterated, vast craters were filled and hundreds of acres were reshaped. The tattered tree survived.', u'\u201cIt started to serve as a lighthouse for everyone,\u201d said Jay Blasi, the project architect for Jones\u2019s golf architectural firm at the time of construction. \u201cThe scale of the work was so big you could almost lose your bearings, but you could always figure out where you were by finding the tree.\u201d', u'Chambers Bay opened to the public in 2007 with the tree, which is not in play, well behind the 15', u' green and 25 feet from one of the tees on the 16', u' hole.', u'Then, during the dark of night on April 29, 2008, an assailant began hacking away at the trunk of the fir with an ax. Police believe that the attacker, who was never apprehended, reached the golf course by jet ski. There was evidence of a fire on the beach below the tree.', u'The next morning, the tree was still standing, but it had an 8-by-18-inch gash in its trunk. Several cans of beer were scattered at the tree\u2019s base.', u'Matt Allen, the Chambers Bay general manager, was asked how many beer cans were left behind.', u'\u201cEnough to do something stupid,\u201d he said.', u'The first arborist the golf course consulted said the tree was a goner.', u'\u201cWhen the news got out, we received hundreds of voice mails and emails from people in the area who said they had big fir trees on their land that they would donate as a replacement for our lone fir,\u201d Allen said. \u201cPeople were upset. They love their trees around here.\u201d', u'Chambers Bay instead turned to Neal Wolbert of Wolbert\u2019s Plant Essentials, a tree-service and landscaping business in Olympia, Wash.', u'Wolbert said he could save the tree, and he instituted a treatment program that included a handmade epoxy that filled the gap in the damaged trunk. Iron bars were affixed to the bark to strengthen the area, and the tree was fortified with compost and nutrient treatments. Excess soil was removed from the root system, and over the next few years the tree was treated with fertilizers and summer irrigation.', u'\u201cIn three years\u2019 time, it looked like a different tree,\u201d said Wolbert, who donated his time rehabilitating the tree.', u'The tree has filled out, and new limbs have sprouted with lush growth.', u'\u201cEven before the attack, it was clear that maybe the tree wasn\u2019t going to last longterm,\u201d said Blasi, who now owns a design firm. \u201cThe hacking saved the tree, which is kind of poetic.\u201d', u'In 2010, Blasi used the tree as the backdrop to his wedding ceremony near the 15', u' green.', u'The tree, set against the pristine, blue water of Puget Sound, will probably be the foremost nongolf image broadcast by Fox Sports during the tournament, and even moreso once the camera operators zoom in on the bald eagles nesting in the tree.', u'John Ladenburg, who oversaw the golf course project a decade ago as the local Pierce County executive, once said he wanted the lone fir to remain on the property so it could represent the millions of evergreen trees that have grown across the region for centuries.', u'A links golf course is not native to the Pacific Northwest, but Chambers Bay has at least one homegrown, ever-conspicuous, beloved feature standing as a touchstone for the wealth of evergreen forests that spread for miles around.', u'The first thing to understand about the grass that will be underfoot during this year\u2019s national golf championship is that it is, in essence, foreign ground.', u'In the 18th', u' and 19th', u' centuries, European immigrants sailing across the Atlantic Ocean brought bags of grass seed with them, including the strains of what is now called fine fescue grass. It is rarely used at North American golf courses, but it is the only kind of grass found at Chambers Bay, which was intentional.', u'But a United States Open has never before been contested on fine fescue. To that end, no one knows precisely what will happen when the first tee shot is launched on Thursday.', u'Fine fescue is a prized jewel in golf, the carpet beneath the feet of golfers near the game\u2019s Scottish birthplace. But it is also a delicate, persnickety tourist that does not happily acclimate to the customs and climate of most other environs. It struggles to grow in most of the United States.', u'But Chambers Bay, just eight years old, is a links-style course near Puget Sound about 40 miles south of Seattle, built on the leftover, sandy soil of an old sand and gravel quarry. The weather is typically moist and cool year-round \u2014 not unlike the weather on the coastal regions of the British Isles.', u'From the beginning, Chambers Bay was constructed with the purpose of hosting the United States Open. Jones, the layout\u2019s architect, knew that a fine fescue surface from tee box to green would intrigue the U.S.G.A., the doyens of the Open.', u'So despite the risks, fine fescue was laid across the 250 acres of Chambers Bay \u2014 tees, fairways, rough and greens. Yes, it took three, five or eight years for the grass to grow in completely. But Chambers Bay was never meant to be an ordinary United States Open site. Grass befitting a suburban lawn was hardly the goal.', u'\u201cYou want fine fescue because it is just the most wonderful golf surface and a fun way to play the game,\u201d Davis, the U.S.G.A. executive director, said. \u201cWhen the golf ball hits fine fescue, the ball skids and rolls instead of other grasses which grab and stop the ball. Fine fescue has a thinner, rounder blade so there is no tackiness. It has so many fabulous qualities.\u201d', u'There is a major drawback to fine fescue. It does not like too much foot traffic and can be destroyed by the wheels of hundreds of golf carts, which most golf course operators would consider a deal-breaking shortcoming.', u'But in the early stages of construction at Chambers Bay, which is owned by Pierce County, the problem was solved when Ladenburg decided to develop a walking-only golf course.', u'It was the first of many protective measures for the property pampered grass. The county, despite the loss of revenue, also limited play in the winter, when the grass is dormant. Some greens were covered in plastic when temperatures dipped even further than usual.', u'The grass responded, albeit slowly.', u'\u201cWe spent years just staring at the grass and wishing it would grow faster,\u201d said Eric Johnson, the Chambers Bay director of agronomy.', u'Eventually, a mat-like surface of grass developed, germinated by hybrid seed variants that were genetically enhanced in academic laboratories. As an example, the roots of fine fescue grass are only two feet deep while the typical lawn has four-foot roots.', u'\u201cThe shallow roots are ideal for a golf course because it means the fine fescue doesn\u2019t need as much water as other grasses do,\u201d said Dr. William Meyer, the director of the Turfgrass Breeding Project at Rutgers University. \u201cIt\u2019s something we\u2019ve perfected.\u201d', u'Meyer, whose father was a golf superintendent, said the fine fescue experiment at Chambers Bay had put a charge in the close-knit community of grass experts.', u'\u201cAt the United States Open, how often is the talk about the kind of grass instead of the sand in the bunkers or something like that?\u201d Meyer said.', u'The surface may appear less lush to viewers, but since the entire property has only one type of grass, another difference may be more bewildering.', u'\u201cVisually, people may be saying, \u2018Where does the green start and the fairway end?\u2019 \u201d Davis said. \u201cI think that\u2019s kind of neat.\u201d', u'For roughly one week at Chambers Bay, a simple strain of grass will have achieved an impressive mingling of continents. Fine fescue, spawned by seeds transported by settlers and then transformed by their antecedents, will be the pioneering common ground for the American championship of a sport founded in the homeland of the colonists.', u'In 1873, long before there was fine fescue or a singular tree at Chambers Bay, there was rail traffic. Now, that traffic is the busiest rail operation in the Pacific Northwest, shipping items from automobiles to elephants north to Canada and south to Mexico.', u'Part of the the Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway, the line is a central transport corridor with locomotives typically hauling about 100 train cars past several Chambers Bay holes, most notably Nos. 15, 16 and 17.', u'During the United States Open, the train service will continue as usual. It will not carry spectators to the tournament. The tracks will be out of bounds, so a tee shot that lands in a train car and is whisked 500 miles to California will not qualify as the longest drive in golf history.', u'Still, the trains could be a factor in the outcome of the championship. Train whistles are not expected to be a frequent disturbance, but if there are emergency situations or pedestrians near the tracks, the thundering train horns will sound.', u'And the trains will be in the sight lines of players on a few pivotal holes.', u'\u201cOn the secondmost-back tee of the 16th', u' hole, when you\u2019re lining up your shot, you could have a train coming right at you,\u201d Davis said. \u201cYou can\u2019t ignore the train because it\u2019s relatively loud. Players might think about backing off from the shot, but the trains can go on for five or six minutes.', u'\u201cA player cannot just stand there for five or six minutes. It\u2019s just one of the many things that sets Chambers Bay apart. The trains may have more impact than people think.\u201d', u'There are other ways the trains may be a distraction. Because they sometimes carry crude oil, which has led to deadly derailments elsewhere in North America, at least one local group has discussed protesting the train during the championship.', u'The demonstrations against the train could be carried out by protesters in kayaks paddling in adjacent Puget Sound. But Scott Mielcarek, a captain in the Pierce County Sheriff\u2019s Department and the law enforcement incident commander for the tournament, said that a security zone on Puget Sound would prohibit any vessels from coming within 1,000 yards of the golf course.', u'Similar regulations have been put in place at other United States Open championships, like those played at the Pebble Beach Golf Links in California.', u'For many decades during the British Open, there has been nothing unusual about the sight and sound of trains passing by the world\u2019s best golfers vying for a major championship. It has happened occasionally during the United States Open, too, most recently at the Merion Golf Club in 2013.', u'But those were usually small, quieter commuter trains. At Chambers Bay, the trains will be as attention-grabbing as the millions of pioneering blades of grass and the lone tree.', u'\u201cThe train is just another way that Chambers Bay ties into golf\u2019s roots,\u201d Davis said. \u201cAltogether, there is beauty in the differences of this setting. In the end, that\u2019s what we should embrace.\u201d']), ([u'Swiss Neff Wins First Ever European Games Gold Medal'], [u"BAKU \u2014  Switzerland's Jolanda Neff won the first ever European Games gold medal when she triumphed in the women's Mountain Bike event on day one of full competition in Azerbaijan's capital Baku on Saturday.", u"In energy-sapping heat and intense winds Neff, 22, dominated the field and completed the-six lap race in one hour, 31 minutes, five seconds -- over two minutes ahead of compatriot Kathrin Stirnemann and Poland's Maja Wloszczowska who won silver and bronze respectively.", u'Such was the dominance of World Champion Neff it was apparent as early as the third lap the fiercest battle would be between Stirnemann and Wloszczowska for the silver and the Swiss rider prevailed finishing five seconds clear of her rival in an exciting final two laps.', u"The inaugural European Games, the continent's first multi-sport event, is being held in Baku from June 12\u201328.", u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Three Favorites Wait for Berths to Knockout Round'], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  The United States, Canada and Germany are all considered among the favorites in their groups at the Women's World Cup.", u'Each won its first match and could have secured a place in the knockout stage with a victory in its second. But all three played to draws.', u'Defending champion Japan became the first to earn a spot in the next round, after defeating Switzerland 1-0 in the opener and Cameroon 2-1 on Friday in Vancouver, British Columbia.', u'Top-ranked Germany crushed Ivory Coast 10-0 in the opener, but played Norway to a 1-all tie on Thursday in Group B. Maren Mjelde scored the equalizer for Norway on a free kick in the second half.', u'"We lost track of our plan and when you\'re up against strong opponents the score can very quickly become 1-1, and that\'s what happened," German coach Silvia Neid said about the match in Ottawa, Ontario.', u"Canada, favored in Group A as the hosts, played later that night to a storm-delayed scoreless draw against New Zealand \u2014 Canada coach John Herdman's former team. That came after a 1-0 victory over China in the opening match in Edmonton, Alberta.", u'And the United States on Friday night played to a 0-0 tie with Sweden, led by former U.S. coach Pia Sundhage. The U.S. women had opened with a 3-1 victory over Australia in Group D, the so-called "Group of Death."', u'"It was like two heavyweights going at it," Ellis said of the match with Sweden.', u"The U.S. team's final match of the group stage comes on Tuesday against Nigeria in Vancouver. Canada heads to Montreal to play the Netherlands on Monday night, after Germany faces Thailand in Winnipeg earlier in the day.", u"With four points apiece, all three teams look like they'll get to the knockout stage \u2014 it just isn't official.", u"On Saturday, two teams could also be assured spots in the next round. Brazil, which beat South Korea in the opener, faces Spain in Montreal, while France, a 1-0 winner over England, plays Colombia in Moncton, New Brunswick, on Canada's far eastern coast.", u'Some other happenings at the World Cup:', u'BIG IN CANADA: The Canadian women are breaking records when it comes to viewers on Canadian television.', u"Preliminary data showed that the 2.3 million people watched Canada play New Zealand to a scoreless draw Thursday night on CTV, TSN and RDS. It broke the record for the most-watched Women's World Cup match \u2014 breaking the record set just days before when Canada opened the World Cup with a 1-0 victory over China.", u"The U.S. women's 3-1 victory over Australia was the most-watched non-Canadian group stage game ever with 526,000 viewers on TSN and RDS.", u'THE BEER COMES LATER: One of the reasons the U.S. match was so highly anticipated was because Sweden coach Pia Sundhage used to coach the U.S. women, and U.S. coach Jill Ellis was her assistant. The two are close friends.', u'Ellis described Sundhage as "a sit-down-have-a-beer kind of friend."', u'"Pia\'s got extraordinary character and I love hanging out with her," Ellis said. "We\'ll be friends for a long, long time."', u"Now that the game is over, Sundhage was asked if she'd have a drink with pal Ellis.", u'"It will have to be after the World Cup," Sunghage said.', u"RECAPPING FRIDAY: In addition to the U.S. team's scoreless tie with Sweden, Australia defeated Nigeria 2-0 in the earlier match in Group D in Winnipeg. Japan defeated Cameroon 2-1 in Group C in Vancouver, while Switzerland beat Ecuador 10-1.", u"UP NEXT: Brazil plays Spain in Montreal followed by South Korea's match against Costa Rica. Third-ranked France plays Columbia in Moncton, followed by England's match against Mexico."]), ([u'Myanmar Footballers Win Through to Gold Medal Match'], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  Myanmar's Southeast Asian team might be one of the smallest in world football but what they lack in height they more than make up in energy and commitment.", u"Playing their fifth game in 12 days, they hung tough through long periods of pressure before beating Vietnam 2-1 at Singapore's National Stadium on Saturday to move through to the gold medal match.", u"They await the winners of Saturday's second semi-final between hot favourites Thailand and Indonesia in Monday's final where they will aim for their first football gold at the biennial multi-sports games in 42 years.", u'Little was expected from the under-23 side who were missing key players held back for the start of the World Cup qualifying campaign and also competing at the under-20 World Cup in New Zealand but their fighting spirit has captivated a nation.', u'Adopting the slogan "No Stars, No Problem" they went unbeaten through the group stages with impressive victories over Indonesia and hosts Singapore, but faced their toughest task on Saturday.', u'They soaked up a lot of pressure before wide midfielder Aung Si Thu calmly stroked home a 39th minute penalty after Vietnam defender Ho Ngoc Thang stuck his elbow out to block a free-kick.', u'Vietnam continued to press and were guilty of wasting several chances before Vo Huy Toan finally levelled with 20 minutes to go after the ball kindly fell on his path in front of an unguarded net.', u"But plucky Myanmar, with their tallest outfield player only 1.71 metres tall and the goalkeeper Phyo Kyaw Zin not much bigger, got the lead back in the 78th minute when captain Tun Nay Lin's long-range effort looped off defender Nguyen Than Hien into the net.", u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Lyon Claims Australian Record With 142nd Test Wicket'], [u"(Reuters) - Nathan Lyon says he still has plenty to learn despite becoming  Australia's most prolific off-spinner by removing Kraigg Brathwaite on the second day of the second test against West Indies in Kingston on Friday.", u"The 27-year-old's 142nd test wicket, the first of three he took at the cost of 35 runs, not only helped Australia to a dominant position at Sabina Park but also took him past the career tally of Hugh Trumble.", u"Trumble had held the title of Australia's most effective off-spinner since he retired in 1904 with 141 victims in 32 tests, then a record haul for any bowler in the nascent international game.", u'"I\'m pretty proud. It\'s a big moment," Lyon said. "As I keep saying, and always say, I\'ll look back at these things at the end of my career. I am proud of the achievement that\'s for sure. It\'s a big record to break. Hopefully I can add to it."', u"Lyon's is an unlikely success story and he has been dropped with a regularity that would severely damage the morale of many a bowler.", u'Unassuming and physically unprepossessing, Lyon is pretty much the antithesis of leg-spinner Shane Warne, the player to whom every Australian slow bowler will be compared.', u'Lyon was not considered when Australia were looking for a spinner to replace the dumped Nathan Hauritz in the 2010-11 Ashes series because at the time he was a groundsman at Adelaide Oval and had not yet played first-class cricket.', u'He played his maiden test just a few months after his first-class debut on the tour of Sri Lanka in August 2011 and took the wicket of Kumar Sangakkara with his very first ball on his way to 5-34.', u'His 144 wickets in 41 tests have cost 35 runs apiece and Lyon accepts that he can still improve his game.', u'"I\'m still learning. I feel like I\'m learning each time I go out into the nets," he added. "Each time I walk out into the nets and in the middle I try to get better each and every day.', u'"I\'ve got a lot of learning to do and I\'m really enjoying it and hopefully it\'s just the start.', u'"I want to keep getting better at my bowling. I want to keep getting a better stock ball.', u'"The day I stop learning and don\'t want to get better is the day I\'ll give it up."', u'(Writing by Nick Mulvenney in Sydney, editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Coach Conte Pleased With Italy's Seamless Formation Shift"], [u",(Reuters) - Italy coach Antonio Conte praised his injury-hit team for a smooth shift to an adventurous 4-3-3 formation in Friday's 1-1 draw at Croatia in their Euro 2016 Group H qualifier.", u'With several key players out injured, Conte had to revert from a preferred 3-5-2 and the Italians held the upper hand for long spells in the match played behind closed doors in Split.', u'"The 4-3-3 allows us to exploit space out wide with the best wingers that the Serie A currently has to offer," the 45-year old coach told the Italian football federation website (', u').', u'"We had a well defined style of play and although we can still revert to the old formation, I think this one will be a success in the future."', u"Antonio Candreva, who scored Italy's equaliser with a dinked penalty, gave his markers a roasting on the right flank all evening and Stephan El Shaarawy also had a fine game on the left behind lone striker Graziano Pelle.", u"Shaarawy had a goal wrongly disallowed for offside seconds before Mario Mandzukic's opener for Croatia and Conte blasted English referee Martin Atkinson for allowing the home side to restart play with the visitors celebrating in vain.", u'"We were a little bit naive but we were sure that our disallowed goal was good and as a matter of fact it was good," he said.', u'"So when Croatia took the lead immediately after it was a big shock and the referee should not have allowed them to restart play while we were still celebrating."', u'With Mandzukic missing an early penalty and giving away the spot-kick to Italy, Croatia had little to cheer about after the game as it also produced a bizarre racism scandal.', u'SWASTIKA CROSS', u'A swastika cross imprinted into the grass of Poljud stadium through a chemical agent by still unidentified perpetrators days before the kickoff became visible during the match, which was played behind closed doors for earlier offences by Croatian supporters.', u'Croatia had been handed a one-match ban for racist chants by their fans in a 5-1 home win over Norway in Zagreb in March, which came on the back of incidents they caused in a 1-1 draw against Italy in Milan last November when they hurled flares on to the pitch.', u"The swastika incident left Croatia's players fearing drastic punishment from governing body UEFA after the result left them top of the section in Group H on 14 points from six games, two ahead of Italy and four more than third-placed Norway.", u'"Of course we discussed it and we can only hope that UEFA will show us some mercy," defender Domagoj Vida was quoted as saying by Croatian media.', u'"We regret what happened but as players we can only do our job on the pitch."', u'The Croatian Football Association (HNS) issued an apology to the Italians and both sets of fans watching the game on television while also condemning the incident.', u'"This is sabotage and a felony, hence we expect police to identify the perpetrators and we have also notified UEFA," HNS spokesman Tomislav Pacak said.', u'"It is a disgrace not just for the HNS but for the whole of Croatia."', u'(The story adds dropped words in para 11)', u'(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'LEADING OFF: Verlander, Latos Return to Mound; Altuve Ailing'], [u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today:", u'___', u'WELCOME BACK', u'Tigers star right-hander Justin Verlander, sidelined since the beginning of the season with a right triceps strain, is scheduled to make his 2015 debut against the Cleveland Indians in Detroit. Verlander was the AL MVP and Cy Young Award winner in 2011.', u'FINGERS CROSSED', u"The Houston Astros hope for good news on All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve, who left Friday night's game against Seattle with discomfort in his right hamstring.", u'NEED YOU NOW', u'Marlins right-hander Mat Latos, sidelined since May 21 with left knee inflammation, is scheduled to start against Rockies right-hander David Hale. Latos is 1-4 with a 6.12 ERA, and the Marlins\' injury-plagued rotation is a combined 17-23. Jarred Cosart, Henderson Alvarez and ace Jose Fernandez are all expected to return from injuries in the next month. "We\'ve got to get the pitching right, myself included," Latos said. "We have guys who can do it."', u'PERFECT 10', u"Pittsburgh Pirates ace Gerrit Cole (9-2, 1.73 ERA) tries to become the first 10-game winner in the majors when he faces Sean O'Sullivan (1-4, 4.96) and the Philadelphia Phillies.", u'CC 212', u'Yankees left-hander CC Sabathia goes up against the Baltimore Orioles looking for his 212th career win, which would be good for sole possession of 23rd place among lefties. Sabathia (3-7, 5.25 ERA) is 18-7 lifetime against the Orioles, who will start right-hander Bud Norris.', u'STRIKEOUT MACHINE', u'Rays right-hander Chris Archer, set to pitch against the Chicago White Sox, is coming off a three-start stretch in which he struck out 38 and walked none. He was 2-0 with a 0.39 ERA during the run. Archer (7-4) will face right-hander Jeff Samardzija (4-4).']), ([u'European Games Ceremony Cost Over $95M, Minister Says'], [u"BAKU, Azerbaijan \u2014  Azerbaijan's lavish European Games opening ceremony featuring Lady Gaga cost over $95 million, the country's sports minister said Saturday.", u'Organizers also said Lady Gaga spent several days hiding in a hotel in the capital Baku to keep her presence a secret before she performed at the ceremony.', u"With an estimated cost of 100 million manats ($95.3 million), the two-hour show in the capital Baku had a price tag twice the size of that reported for London's Olympic opening ceremony in 2012.", u'Minister Azad Rahimov said the final outlay would only be clear after the June 12-28 games finish because "some invoices" had yet to be paid.', u"Representatives of the games' operation committee and the European Olympic Committees suggested that Rahimov may have been mistaken and that the true cost could be much lower. However, Rahimov's spokesperson Samaya Mammadova told The Associated Press that the ministry stood by its estimate.", u'Performing the John Lennon song "Imagine," Lady Gaga was a surprise addition to the program for the inaugural games Friday. Her participation was only revealed part-way through the two-hour show.', u'Catherine Ugwu, who coordinated the ceremony for games organizers, said they had to "work very hard on keeping it a secret" and that the singer "was kind enough to stay in a hotel and not move for several days."', u'Lady Gaga, who is known for her strong advocacy for gay rights, has faced criticism from some fans for performing in Azerbaijan, whose government has been widely chastised over its human rights record.', u'The Azerbaijani government has taken a strong stance on any criticism.', u'After the German parliament passed a resolution demanding the release of jailed political activists and journalists, the Azerbaijani government, which says that those in jail are not political prisoners, said it was part of a campaign "to blacken Azerbaijan\'s name."', u'"In the Azerbaijani Republic, no one is arrested for their journalistic or political activities," the ministry said in a statement.']), ([u"Arise Rugby's Sir Gareth, Anderson and Lampard Get OBE"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Former Wales scrumhalf Gareth Edwards was knighted and English cricket's leading test wicket-taker James Anderson and former England football midfielder Frank Lampard were given the OBE in the Queen's birthday honours list.", u'Ex-Williams director Patrick Head and Gary Verity, who brought the ', u" to Yorkshire, have also been knighted while boxer Carl Froch has been made an MBE along with distance runner Jo Pavey and England women's footballer Casey Stoney.", u"Former England rugby union flyhalf and World Cup winner Jonny Wilkinson becomes a CBE while ex-Wales flyhalf Jonathan Davies has been made an OBE for his work as president of Cardiff's Velindre Cancer Centre.", u'Swansea City football club chairman Huw Jenkins has been made an OBE.', u'Edwards, 67, won 53 caps for Wales from 1967-1978, 13 as captain, and played 10 times for the British & Irish Lions on their victorious tours of New Zealand in 1971 and South Africa in 1974.', u'A Rugby World magazine poll in 2003 named him as the greatest player of all time.', u'"Gareth Edwards fully deserves the honour of a knighthood for the incredible contribution to rugby he has made both on and off the field," Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) president Dennis Gethin said in a WRU statement.', u'"His reputation as a player is possibly unparalleled and since retiring from the game he has continued to be a powerful ambassador for rugby both in Wales and around the world."', u"Anderson, 32, became England's leading test wicket taker this year, surpassing Ian Botham's record of 383 victims.", u"He claimed his 400th wicket in the recent series against New Zealand and is still England's leading fast bowler ahead of this summer's Ashes series against Australia.", u'"This means an enormous amount to me and my family," Anderson said in an England and Wales Cricket Board statement.', u'"I\'m very proud of my recent achievements and this just caps it off. These achievements wouldn\'t have been possible without the help and support of my family, friends and everyone at Burnley Cricket Club, Lancashire County Cricket Club and England."', u'Former Chelsea and Manchester City midfielder Lampard, 36, was honoured for his services to football ahead of his move to Major League Soccer club New York City FC.', u'Lampard has won the Champions League, Europa League, three Premier League titles, four FA Cups and two League Cups during a career that started at West Ham United.', u'"I am delighted to receive this huge honour," said Lampard, who won 106 England caps. "I feel very fortunate to have had such a long and fulfilling career in football.', u'"This is an extremely proud moment for myself and my family."', u'(Writing by Ed Osmond and Ken Ferris; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Draw Looms After More Rain in Bangladesh'], [u'DHAKA \u2014  India picked up three Bangladesh wickets in the morning session after declaring their first innings on 462 for six but rain washed out the rest of the fourth day as the one-off test headed for an inevitable draw.', u'India raised hopes of an unlikely win as spinner Ravichandran Ashwin took two wickets and comeback man Harbhajan Singh another to restrict Bangladesh to 111 for three when bad light forced the players off for an early lunch.', u'Opener Imrul Kayes was at the crease on 59 with the experienced Shakib Al Hasan yet to open his account.', u"Left-hander Tamim Iqbal (19) went past former captain Habibul Bashar as Bangladesh's highest run-scorer in tests before he was stumped by wicketkeeper Wriddhiman Saha off Ashwin.", u'Kayes added 81 for the second wicket with Mominul Haque (30) to steady the Bangladesh innings before the latter fell to Harbhajan.', u'Kayes had just got away with a thick edge for a boundary after charging down to Harbhajan, who is playing his first match for India in over two years, but Mominul tried to repeat the shot two deliveries later and was caught.', u'Ashwin picked up his second wicket in the next over when Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur Rahim (two) got an edge on to his pads that went straight to Rohit Sharma at backward short leg.', u'(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Guerrero's Pinch-Hit Single Lifts Dodgers Over Padres, 4-3"], [u"SAN DIEGO \u2014  Alex Guerrero's pinch-hit single drove in the tiebreaking run in the eighth inning, lifting the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 4-3 win over the San Diego Padres on Friday night.", u'Derek Norris hit a two-run homer in the seventh off reliever Yimi Garcia to give the Padres a 3-2 lead. But the Dodgers bounced right back with two runs off relievers Dale Thayer (2-1) and Shawn Kelley.', u"Howie Kendrick, who led off with a double against Thayer and went to third on an error, scored on Justin Turner's single to tie it 3-all. With two outs, Andre Ethier scored on Guerrero's single off Kelley.", u"Norris' homer capped a three-run inning that ruined Clayton Kershaw's bid to win his fourth straight start.", u'Clint Barmes hit one-out solo homer off Kershaw, who was lifted one out later for Garcia (3-2). Will Myers then hit a high popup in front of the mound. Turner, playing first base, went to catch the ball, ran into Garcia and dropped it for an error.', u'On the next pitch, Norris hammered his seventh home run into the brick Western Metal Supply Co. building seats for the lead.', u'Kershaw had been dominant through six innings, allowing just three hits. The lefty struck out 11 and walked three as he continued his recent dominant stretch.', u'The reigning NL MVP and three-time Cy Young Award winner has allowed just three earned runs and 10 hits with 39 strikeouts in 28 2-3 innings over his last four starts. Kershaw leads the majors with 111 strikeouts.', u'Kenley Jansen pitched the ninth for his eighth save in nine chances.', u'Adrian Gonzalez and A.J. Ellis each had an RBI single as the Dodgers won their fourth straight game.', u'Gonzalez grounded into an inning-ending double play with the bases loaded in the seventh inning and was ejected after he said something to plate umpire Doug Eddings as he ran back to the dugout.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Dodgers: Turner started at 3B after being sidelined for two games. He fouled a ball off his left knee on Monday. ... RHP Brandon Beachy is expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment next week. Beachy, who underwent Tommy John surgery in August 2013, has been on the 60-day disabled list all season. ... INF-OF Scott Van Slyke (back inflammation) is scheduled to play in a couple of rehab games next week.', u'Padres: LHP Corey Luebke is set to pitch Saturday in a game for the first time in more than three years. Luebke, who has had two Tommy John operations, is scheduled to start a minor league rehab assignment with Class A Lake Elsinore. Luebke has not pitched in the majors since winning a start against San Francisco in April 2012.', u'UP NEXT', u'Dodgers: RHP Zack Greinke looks to continue his dominance against NL West foes since joining the club in 2013. Greinke is 22-2 with a 2.06 ERA while holding NL West hitters to a .214 batting average.', u'Padres: In two starts against the Dodgers this season, RHP Ian Kennedy is 0-2 with an 8.71 ERA, allowing 10 earned runs and 14 hits \u2014 including four homers \u2014 in 10 1-3 innings.']), ([u'Brooks Koepka Learning Quickly With 36-Hole Lead at St. Jude'], [u'MEMPHIS, Tenn. \u2014  Brooks Koepka knows he has lot to learn about the PGA Tour, and the former All-American at Florida State is proving to be a very quick study.', u"Koepka shot a 3-under 67 Friday to turn a lead he shared with two others after 18 holes into a solo lead by a stroke after the second round Friday at the St. Jude Classic. It's just his second time with at least a piece of the 36-hole lead on the PGA Tour, and puts him halfway to what could be his second career title and second since the start of February.", u'"I\'m still 25," Koepka said. "I\'ve been out here for a year now. Just trying to learn and make sure I\'m ready for the majors, make sure I\'m ready for five years from now. I just got to be patient."', u'Koepka, who won in Phoenix in February, shared the first-round lead with Ryan Palmer and Greg Owen. He turned in a four birdie-one bogey round for a 9-under 131.', u'"Playing solid golf, no mistakes, being very patient, waiting for my opportunities to come," Koepka said. "And when they have come, I\'ve kind of taken advantage of them, but I still feel like I could be about 5, 6 under par ... Really haven\'t been firing on all cylinders, but good enough to be at the top."', u"Austin Cook (64) was at 132. The Arkansas native is playing his tour event after getting a sponsor's exemption after he tied for 11th in Houston earlier this year as a qualifier. He had plenty of support, too, as he lives less than 90 minutes away.", u'"I\'m sure lot more buying tickets right now to come tomorrow," Cook said after matching the best round of the day.', u'TPC Southwind played firmer with temperatures in the 90s drying out the course, and that has greens playing faster along with some tricky pin placements Friday.', u'Koepka only added this event at the deadline to help tune up his game for the ', u' at Chambers Bay in Washington. He hit 14 of 18 greens for a second straight round and needed 28 putts Friday. He likes his chances going into the weekend as he tries to join Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jimmy Walker as multiple winners on tour this season.', u'"I haven\'t blitzed the golf course yet," Koepka said. "You can shoot 8, 9 under in a round out here. I feel like the greens are so good, you put the ball in the fairway you really take it 8, 9 under. Being in the lead is nice, but would have liked to have been a few more under par."', u"Steve Alker briefly had the lead at 10 under with two holes to play only to finish bogey-double bogey. He had a 68 for a 133 total and needed only 23 putts Friday as he got to 10 under with his sixth birdie of the round. The New Zealand native who now lives in Arizona said he wasn't aware he was the first to 10 under.", u'"It\'s a good thing it\'s not Sunday and finish two behind that would be bad," Alker said. "You have to look at the positives and say, \'I\'ve got two days left.\' I\'ve been swinging it pretty good and still learning the putter, so there\'s a lot of good things going on."', u'Chris Smith (67), Russell Knox (64) and Greg Owen (70) were among seven tied at 134. Palmer (71) was tied with three others at 135.', u'At one point Friday, as many as five were tied atop the leaderboard with eight having a piece of the lead at some point.', u"Koepka was tied with four others when he teed off in the afternoon and promptly birdied his opening hole to take the lead to himself. Koepka, who played at Florida State and joined the PGA Tour last year, took the lead back with consecutive birdies on Nos. 15 and 16 combined with Alker's finish.", u'Divots: Steven Bowditch and Retief Goosen were among those missing the cut at 1 over with 76 playing the weekend. ... David Hearn had a hole-in-one on No. 4 with a 6-iron from 185 yards, and Hudson Swafford had an ace on No. 14 with a 9-iron from 169 yards. Hearn said this was his eighth overall and first since holing out on No. 8 here in a practice round with the same club.']), ([u"Marte's RBI Single in 13th Lifts Pirates Past Phillies, 1-0"], [u'PITTSBURGH \u2014  Just about everyone got to share in this shutout.', u"Starling Marte's single in the bottom of the 13th drove in Chris Stewart and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Philadelphia Phillies 1-0 Friday night.", u'The Phillies were kept scoreless by seven pitchers, marking the first time since at least 1914 \u2014 as far back as STATS could check \u2014 for that many Pittsburgh relievers to combine on a shutout.', u'"It was a wonderful game to watch," Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said.', u'Even if it was one that ended exactly six hours after the scheduled 7:05 p.m. start.', u"A passing rainstorm delayed its start by 86 minutes and Marte finally ended it  with a two-out chopper up the middle off Dustin McGowan (1-2). Backup catcher Stewart came around from second, beating Ben Revere's throw from center to send the Phillies to their fourth consecutive defeat and move the Pirates into second place in the NL Central.", u'"I slid into home and I was excited," said Stewart, the Pirates\' final available position player who reached via a one-out, pinch-hit single. "I couldn\'t wait to get out there with Marty and celebrate."', u"Jeff Locke, Arquimedes Caminero, Tony Watson, Mark Melancon, Jared Hughes, Rob Scahill and Antonio Bastardo (1-1) combined on Pittsburgh's fifth shutout of the season and first that had lasted at least 13 innings at home since Aug. 29, 1914, according to information provided to the Pirates by the Elias Sports Bureau.", u'"It came down to one hit that found the hole with the man on base," Phillies manager Ryne Sandberg said. "It took a long time to get that, and we came up on the short end."', u"Philadelphia's first six pitchers combined for 11 scoreless innings, the first 5 2/3 coming from veteran Kevin Correia in his season debut.", u"Josh Harrison had four hits to match a career high, including Pittsburgh's lone extra-base hit \u2014 a two-out double in the fourth.", u"A pitcher's duel seemed improbable with the Phillies turning to a starter signed to his third organization in three months earlier this week in Correia.", u"But Correia and Locke, Pittsburgh's No. 5 starter, combined for 11 2/3 scoreless innings, albeit not without baserunners. Philadelphia left six men on base over the first three innings, and eight of the 17 runners Pittsburgh stranded in the game were put on base by Correia.", u'The Phillies have lost seven of eight and 17 of 22. Their lineup Friday did not include regulars Chase Utley, Ryan Howard, Freddy Galvis and Carlos Ruiz.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Pirates: Pittsburgh hasn't had a player put onto the disabled list since May 6.", u'STELLAR STARTERS', u'Pirates starting pitchers are still on quite the wave of success, though a rare streak came to an end Friday. Starters had accounted for each of the past 17 Pittsburgh victories dating to May 11 before reliever Bastardo got the latest win. That was the longest such Pirates streak since 1987. Still, Pittsburgh starters are 14-3 with a 2.30 ERA over the past 20 games.', u'HOT EMOTIONS', u'After coming back from down 3-0 in the count and striking out Jordy Mercer with the bases loaded to end the eighth, Phillies reliever Ken Giles drew the ire of Sandberg, Phillies bench coach Larry Bowa and pitching coach Bob McClure. Television cameras caught each one yelling the face of a seated and visibly agitated Giles, who yelled back at times.', u'"There was some frustration and some game situation. Talked about some game situations," Sandberg said in an apparent attempt to diffuse the situation, adding that it was" taken care of in-house."', u'Giles did not speak with reporters after the game.', u'Sandberg was asked if he liked when players showed emotion on the field.', u'"I do like to have players with emotions. There\'s a time and a place and a situation to show that."', u'UP NEXT', u"Pirates: RHP Gerrit Cole will try to take over the majors' lead in wins with his 10th on Saturday. Cole, who has won each of his past four starts, won in Philadelphia on May 11.", u"Phillies: RHP Sean O'Sullivan lost against Pittsburgh on May 12 at Citizens Bank Park. C Francisco Cervelli, tops in the NL with a .356 average since May 1, had two doubles in that win for the Pirates."]), ([u'From Drones to Distances, Fox Takes Tech to US Open Coverage'], [u'Producing a golf tournament has a certain rhythm to it. The telecast cuts from hole to hole, often joining a player just as he is about to hit a shot.', u"That timing is being upended for this year's ", u', and new broadcaster Fox is imposing that on itself.', u'As part of its pitch to the USGA to wrest the event away from NBC, Fox promised innovation. Upon winning a 12-year-contract in August 2013, network executives found themselves in the unusual \u2014 but helpful \u2014 position of a very long lead-up before airing the tournament for the first time.', u"A year and a half of planning has resulted in plenty of technological bells and whistles, though the executives behind them hope they don't come across as bells and whistles but soon leave golf fans wondering how they ever lived without them.", u'The gizmos include the Rangefinder, where the live shot of the golfer is overlaid with graphics showing how far he is from not just the hole but the bunkers. There is also the Shaded Green system, which creates virtual shadows to show the undulations. Cameras will capture the action from new angles \u2014 including drones \u2014 and glide up and down or alongside the course for shifting viewpoints.', u'"The great thing about golf is it\'s a different canvas from a flat football field or a flat tennis court," said Mark Loomis, the coordinating producer of Fox\'s U.S. Open coverage.', u'Loomis had previously produced 3-D coverage of the Masters, and while 3-D broadcasts of sports never took off, golf proved to be one of the best fits. The slope of the green, the distance to the hole \u2014 perspective that was lost in two dimensions \u2014 could suddenly be seen at home.', u"Technological add-ons now offer the chance to capture those details on a television screen. That Chambers Bay, site of this year's tournament, is such a new course could also make the gadgets and graphics especially useful because fans are so unfamiliar with it.", u'Its layout is a good fit, too.', u'"Chambers Bay has been a perfect starting point," Loomis said. "There are so many different ups and downs, twists and turns."', u'Michael Davies, Fox Sports\' senior vice president of field and technical operations, said that brainstorming new ideas started with the premise of "Wouldn\'t it be great if ..."', u"The first hurdle was finding out if the items on the network's wish list could be accomplished by its vendors, said Zac Fields, Fox Sports' vice president of graphics and technology. But just because something was doable technically didn't mean it was feasible to use on a broadcast.", u'"The emphasis was not just on looking good, but making sure it was easy for production to use and the workflow was seamless," Fields said.', u"Much of that involved golf's need for quick cuts from hole to hole. Many of the new technologies require time to set up, so there's no chance to use them if the producer switches to a player the typical 3 seconds before a shot.", u"With practice and preparation, Loomis believes these novelties can become more boon than burden. He'll have a sheet of paper in front of him to offer reminders of which holes he'll need to cut to 10-15 seconds before the shot.", u'"We had to figure out exactly what we can do without shooting ourselves in the foot and without slowing down," Loomis said.', u'There will probably be more opportunities to use the technology on Sunday than on Thursday, as the number of players who need to be shown dwindles. But even on Sunday, the frequency could vary depending on how many golfers are in contention. If the tournament comes down to the two players in the last group, there will be plenty of opportunities. If six different guys are in it, that becomes more difficult.', u'"You have to be OK with not using it that much," Loomis said.', u"Fox tested out the technology at Chambers Bay in March, but it's impossible to replicate a real tournament. Inevitably some tools will work better than others, and viewers will get to see the network's learning curve live on their TV screens.", u'"There are going to be some ups and downs," said John Entz, Fox Sports\' president of production.', u'As networks have tried new technologies across all sports over the years, Entz acknowledged, "probably more have been unsuccessful than successful." The holy grail of innovations is the yellow first-down line in football.', u'"The best ideas," Entz said, "are often simple ideas."', u'One of the simplest ideas for Fox at the U.S. Open is putting a microphone in the holes to capture not just the sound of the ball rattling in but the golfer roaring and high-fiving his caddie. Imagine if there had been one when Tiger Woods made his birdie putt on the 72nd hole at Torrey Pines in the 2008 U.S. Open to force a playoff.']), ([u"Bad News for NZ's Anderson as Exciting Series Levelled"], [u'LONDON \u2014  A thrilling victory over England in the second match of their one-day series was tempered for New Zealand with the news that all-rounder Corey Anderson would be sent home to investigate a stress fracture in his back.', u"The 24-year-old Anderson has not played for Mike Hesson's team since the first test loss at Lord's last month, with the hope the big-hitting left-hander would be able to recover to play some part during the five-match one-day series.", u'"Corey has been working hard to get back to full fitness for the one day series but he hasn\'t been able to overcome this injury," Hesson said. "We felt the best course of action was to send him back to New Zealand for further assessment."', u'Anderson had a MRI scan which revealed a new stress fracture in his back and would need further testing on the injury.', u"Anderson's absence could cause some issues for New Zealand in the future with fellow all-rounder Jimmy Neesham also unavailable due to a stress fracture in his back.", u"All-rounders Neesham and Anderson provide balance to Brendon McCullum's team with their batting at number six and operating as a fourth seamer in either tests or one-day internationals.", u'Anderson has recently filled the role in the limited-overs format, with Neesham preferred in the longer form of the game.', u'Grant Elliott and rookie left-arm spinner Mitchell Santner have filled the hole in the two games of the enthralling one-day series with England so far.', u'After being hammered for more than 400 runs in the first match at Edgbaston, New Zealand blasted 398 for five against England in the second game at the Oval with Ross Taylor stroking his 13th one-day international century.', u"Eoin Morgan's side were positioned to chase it down before rain forced them off when they needed another 54 runs from 37 balls and with Adil Rashid and Liam Plunkett well set at the crease.", u'When the players returned, the Duckworth/Lewis calculation had made the remaining run chase a virtually impossible 34 runs from 13 balls and New Zealand won by 13 runs as England finished on 365 for nine from 46 overs.', u'The third match is on Sunday at the Rose Bowl in Southampton and New Zealand were yet to make a decision on whether they would call a replacement for Anderson.', u'(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Anderson Pitches Diamondbacks Past Bumgarner, Giants 1-0'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Chase Anderson lost his no-hit bid when he got hit on the right calf by Buster Posey's sharp comebacker with one out in the seventh inning, and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the San Francisco Giants 1-0 Friday night.", u"Anderson grimaced in pain after the ball ricocheted off his leg and rolled toward the third-base line, leaving the Diamondbacks without a play on Posey's infield single. But the right-hander finished the inning and outpitched World Series MVP Madison Bumgarner as the Giants lost their sixth straight home game.", u'Anderson (2-1) struck out two, walked one and plunked No. 7 hitter Matt Duffy twice before giving way to Daniel Hudson in the eighth.', u"Backed by Ender Inciarte's second-inning RBI single, Anderson snapped a three-start winless stretch since his previous victory May 20 at Miami.", u"Arizona didn't allow a runner past second and held on while outhitting San Francisco 11-2.", u'Three days after rookie Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter against the Mets in New York, the Giants were on the other end of a no-hit bid for much of the night. Joe Panik had his 15-game hitting streak snapped.', u'Bumgarner (7-3) allowed nine hits for his second-highest total of the season but lost for only the second time in his last 12 starts against Arizona. He struck out seven and walked three in eight innings, losing for the first time in six starts overall.', u'Bumgarner traveled back with the team on the overnight flight from New York despite manager Bruce Bochy and pitching coach Dave Righetti advising him to travel ahead of time. The team landed about 4:30 a.m. and reported later than usual to the ballpark Friday afternoon.', u'"He\'s hard-headed," Bochy said of his ace left-hander.', u"Matt Duffy hit a leadoff single against Hudson in the eighth and advanced on a wild pitch. He was tagged out at third in a rundown after pinch-hitter Casey McGehee's grounder.", u'Brad Ziegler worked a perfect ninth for his seventh save as the Diamondbacks won for the fourth time in the last five against San Francisco.', u'Bumgarner loaded the bases with two outs in the first on back-to-back singles by Paul Goldschmidt and Yasmany Tomas and a walk to Aaron Hill.', u'Left fielder Nori Aoki threw out Goldschmidt at the plate to end the third and save a run.', u'Aoki lined into an inning-ending double play in the third.', u"BOCHY'S BEEF", u"Bochy reiterated again how frustrated he is that the Giants had to play a night game at the Mets on Thursday before flying cross-country. He hopes the players' union will take a stand regarding the schedule.", u'The Giants annually have among the highest total of air miles traveled.', u'"I think we\'re dropping the ball here," Bochy said, noting the risk for injury. "Hopefully we\'ll fix this. I certainly don\'t think ticket sales should play a part in it."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Giants: RF Hunter Pence was placed on the 15-day disabled list with tendinitis in his left wrist, a move retroactive to June 3. He was scheduled to be re-evaluated by team doctors. ... OF Gregor Blanco's dizziness is subsiding from a concussion that has sidelined him since Wednesday.", u'UP NEXT', u'Diamondbacks: After the game, Arizona announced RHP Josh Collmenter is being moved to the bullpen and RHP Allen Webster will be called up from Triple-A Reno to start Saturday against San Francisco. Collmenter (3-6) originally was scheduled to start the game.', u'Giants: RHP Ryan Vogelsong (4-4) looks for his first win against Arizona this year and just the fourth of his career in 17 starts.']), ([u'Switzerland Thrash Ecuador, Japan Motor On'], [u"(Reuters) - Switzerland earned a record-tying 10-1 triumph over Ecuador on Friday for their first ever Women's World Cup victory as defending champions Japan staved off a spirited figthback from Cameroon to continue their winning run.", u"The 11 goals scored in the match equaled Germany's 11-0 thrashing of Argentina in 2007.", u'Fabienne Humm was the star for Switzerland as she needed just five minutes to complete a hat-trick, the fastest one ever recorded.', u"Switzerland (three points), however, remained three points behind Group C leader Japan (six points) after the Asian team's 2-1 victory over Cameroon.", u"Aya Sameshima and Yuika Sugasawa scored first-half goals as Japan held off Cameroon's inspired second half activity which included a goal in the 90th minute.", u'Cameroon also remain at three points for the tournament.', u'The United States were unable to find a goal in a 0-0 draw with Sweden.', u'The result kept the suspense alive heading into the final matches in Group D as the U.S., with four, are a point ahead of Australia and two ahead of Sweden.', u'Sweden controlled much of the first half against the Americans but could not put any real pressure on goalkeeper Hope Solo.', u'The U.S. subbed in all-time leading scorer Abby Wambach in the 68th minute and she narrowly missed a header opportunity down the stretch.', u'Earlier in the day, Australia defeated Nigeria 2-0 for their first win of the tournament.', u'Australia will finish Group D play against Sweden on Tuesday while the Americans close out against Nigeria.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Trout, Calhoun HRs in 8th Help Angels Beat A's 5-4"], [u'ANAHEIM, Calif. \u2014  Mike Trout and Kole Calhoun drove in the tying and go-ahead runs with eighth-inning homers, leading the Los Angeles Angels to a seesaw 5-4 victory over the Oakland Athletics on Friday night.', u"Josh Reddick had given the A's a 4-3 lead in the seventh with a two-run shot against Fernando Salas. That put starter Jesse Chavez in line for a victory after Brett Lawrie and Josh Phegley supported him with back-to-back homers in the fourth against Hector Santiago.", u"But Evan Scribner (1-1) served up Trout's 18th of the season leading off the eighth, then retired Albert Pujols on a towering fly to the warning track in left before Calhoun drove a 1-0 pitch deep into the seats in right for his sixth of the season. It was the fourth lead change of the game.", u'Jose Alvarez (1-1) pitched a perfect eighth for the victory and Huston Street got three outs for his 18th save in 20 attempts, retiring Reddick on a fly ball to center with his 26th pitch of the ninth and runners at first and second.', u"Trout led off the sixth with a single, Pujols followed with a double and Calhoun drove them both in with a single up the middle on Chavez's next pitch. Johnny Giavotella then barely beat out a grounder to third, but was called out by umpire Chris Conroy.", u"Television replays confirmed that the runner was safe, but Angels manager Mike Scioscia was out of challenges by then after burning an earlier one in which Oakland's Mark Canha's steal of second base in the third inning was upheld. Scioscia charged out of the dugout after the Giavotella ruling and had a lengthy one-way argument with Conroy before he was ejected.", u'Santiago threw 106 pitches in 5 2-3 innings, allowing two runs and seven hits with six strikeouts and a walk before leaving with a 2-1 deficit. He was 3-0 with a 1.01 ERA in his six previous career starts against Oakland.', u'After stranding a runner at second base in each of the first three innings, Santiago retired the first two batters in the fourth before Lawrie ended an 0-for-16 drought with his sixth homer and Phegley hit his second four pitches later.', u'It was the second time this season that an opposing team has gone back-to-back against the Angels. On May 3, Jered Weaver gave up homers to his first two batters \u2014 Nori Aoki and Joe Panik \u2014 in a 5-0 loss at San Francisco.', u"Giavotella led off the Angels second with a double and scored on Efren Navarro's single off Chavez, who allowed three runs and seven hits over seven innings on five days' rest.", u'IN THE FOLD', u'The Angels signed C Taylor Ward, four days after making him their No. 1 draft pick. He will report to their rookie-level team in Orem, Utah, on Sunday.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Athletics: Pat Venditte, who last week became the first ambidextrous pitcher to appear in a major league game since Greg Harris in 1995 was placed on the 15-day DL because of a right shoulder strain. The move is retroactive to June 10. Venditte is the ninth player currently on the team's DL. They already have used the DL 17 times this season, one fewer than last year, and 15 players have been on it \u2014 including CF Coco Crisp and closer Sean Doolittle twice each.", u'Angels: 3B David Freese sat out his fourth straight game because of tightness in his right hamstring, although Scioscia said during batting practice that he was available to pinch-hit. ... OF Collin Cowgill continues to experience stiffness in his right hand after two days of batting practice. He has been on the DL since May 28. ... RHP Mike Morin, threw off a mound for the first time since straining his left oblique muscle on May 24.', u'UP NEXT', u'Athletics: Kendall Graveman (3-2) faced the Angels on April 20 in Anaheim, throwing 73 pitches in three-plus innings and leaving with a 5-3 lead after walking his first two batters in the fourth. But he is 2-0 with a 2.55 ERA in his last four starts.', u'Angels: LHP C.J. Wilson (3-5) is 1-4 with a 6.00 ERA his last five starts, including a 6-2 loss at Yankee Stadium last Sunday, when he gave up six runs, seven hits and three homers in seven innings.']), ([u'Japan Make It Two Wins From Two, Top Group C'], [u"(Reuters) - Japan's Aya Sameshima and Yuika Sugasawa scored early goals as the defending champions beat Cameroon 2-1 at the women\u2019s World Cup on Friday.", u'Cameroon pulled a goal back through Ajara Nchout in the 90th minute and had chances in the final stages but were unable to grab the equalizer.', u'The victory saw Japan, who beat Switzerland in their opener, lead Group C on six points, with the Swiss and Cameroon tied on three. Ecuador are without a point after two defeats and face the Japanese in their last group game on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting by Jahmal Corner; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Arizona's Chase Anderson Loses No-Hit Bid vs Giants in 7th"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Arizona Diamondbacks starter Chase Anderson had his no-hit bid broken up in the seventh inning when San Francisco Giants slugger Buster Posey grounded a one-out single off the pitcher \u2014 literally.', u"Posey smacked a sharp infield single that struck Anderson's lower right leg and rolled toward the third-base line, leaving the Diamondbacks with no play. Anderson was initially shaken up but remained in the game.", u'The Giants hit several balls hard in the early innings, and Nori Aoki lined into a double play to end the third.', u'Anderson plunked No. 7 hitter Matt Duffy twice but recovered. The right-hander was looking to snap a three-start winless stretch since his only victory of the year May 20 at Miami.', u"Arizona led 1-0 against World Series MVP Madison Bumgarner after Ender Inciarte's second-inning RBI single."]), ([u'All Blacks Mealamu, Woodcock End Super Careers'], [u"(Reuters) - All Blacks stalwarts Keven Mealamu and Tony Woodcock brought the curtain down on their Super Rugby careers on Friday, with both now widely expected to hang up their boots after this year's rugby World Cup in England.", u'Mealamu and Woodcock, who have yet to officially confirm their post-World Cup plans, have played 123 and 110 tests respectively for the All Blacks.', u"The 36-year-old Mealamu acknowledged Friday's game against the Otago Highlanders was his last for the Auckland Blues.", u'"Not the way I wanted to end my Super Rugby career but I have so many great memories from my 15 years," Mealamu said after the 44-7 loss to the Highlanders at Eden Park.', u'"Overall I have had a great career for the Blues and enjoyed every moment," he added after his 175th Super Rugby match.', u'"To be able to be here this long I feel really proud and privileged to represent this club for the last 15 years.', u'"It\'s something I wanted to do as a kid."', u'In an email to Reuters, the Auckland Blues also confirmed Woodcock would not be playing Super Rugby next season.', u'"The important thing ... is to honour two great players for the Blues in Keven Mealamu and Tony Woodcock," Kirwan said.', u'"They are not only outstanding rugby players, but quite outstanding people with 324 Super Rugby games between.', u'"The performances on and off the field speak for themselves."', u'The 34-year-old Woodcock, who played 149 games for the Blues and Highlanders, has been beset by shoulder injuries over the past 12 months and has not played since the Blues beat the Bulls 23-18 on May 15.', u'While he did not play against the Highlanders, he was applauded off the field by his team mates along with Mealamu.', u"Despite his latest shoulder injury Woodcock is expected to be available for the All Blacks' test against Samoa in Apia on July 8 and then on to the World Cup, the Blues added.", u'(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'This Date In Baseball'], [u'1952 \u2014 Warren Spahn of the Boston Braves struck out 18 Cubs in a 3-1, 15-inning loss to Chicago. Spahn also homered.', u'1963 \u2014 Duke Snider hit his 400th career home run to highlight a 10-3 triumph by the New York Mets over the Cincinnati Reds at Crosley Field.', u"1965 \u2014 Jim Maloney struck out 18 and no-hit the New York Mets for 10 innings, but Johnny Lewis' leadoff home run in the 11th inning gave the Mets a 1-0 win.", u"1969 \u2014 Reggie Jackson knocked in 10 runs with two homers, a double and two singles in Oakland's 21-7 win over the Red Sox in Boston. In the eighth, he drove in three runs with a single when he easily could have made second base.", u'1974 \u2014 Nolan Ryan struck out 19 batters in 12 innings to give the California Angels a 4-3 win over the Boston Red Sox in 15 innings. Cecil Cooper of the Red Sox struck out six times.', u'1978 \u2014 Pete Rose of the Cincinnati Reds had two hits in a 3-1 triumph over the Chicago Cubs to start his 44-game hitting streak.', u'1995 \u2014 Mike Benjamin went 6-for-7, setting a major league record with 14 hits in three games, and drove in the winning run in the 13th inning as the San Francisco Giants beat the Chicago Cubs 4-3.', u'2002 \u2014 Aaron Boone hit a pair of homers \u2014 one to tie the game in the ninth inning and one to win it in the 11th \u2014 off Pittsburgh closer Mike Williams as Cincinnati beat the Pirates 4-3.', u'2002 \u2014 With all 14 interleague games \u2014 and one NL game \u2014 taking place in National League parks, the DH was not employed anywhere throughout Major League Baseball.', u"2005 \u2014 Seattle's Ichiro Suzuki became the third player since 1900 to reach 1,000 hits in fewer than 700 games when he singled in the bottom of the first inning in Seattle's 3-1 win over Philadelphia. Suzuki's 1,000th hit came in his 696th game. Chuck Klein reached the mark in 1933 in 683 games, and Lloyd Waner reached it in 1932 in 686 games.", u'2005 \u2014 Chris Carpenter pitched a one-hitter and struck out 10 to lead St. Louis in a 7-0 win over Toronto.', u"2007 \u2014 Craig Monroe tied the major league record for strike outs in a nine inning game when he whiffed five times in Detroit's 6-5 loss to Milwaukee.", u'2013 \u2014 Major League Baseball came down hard on the Los Angeles Dodgers and Arizona Diamondbacks, handing out eight suspensions and a dozen fines as punishment for a bench-clearing brawl on June 11. Arizona pitcher Ian Kennedy got 10 games and infielder Eric Hinske five for their roles in the fight.', u"Today's birthday: Jesus Guzman 30.", u'1902 \u2014 Corsicana defeated Texarkana 51-3 in a Texas League game. Nig Clark of Corsicana took advantage of the small park and hit eight homers. Some telegraph operators, thinking there was a mistake, reported the score as 5-3.', u'1925 \u2014 The Philadelphia Athletics went into the last half of the eighth inning trailing 15-4 and scored 13 runs to defeat Cleveland 17-15.', u'1938 \u2014 Four days after no-hitting the Boston Braves, Johnny Vander Meer of the Cincinnati Reds pitched his second straight no-hit game, defeating the Dodgers 6-0 in the first night game played in Brooklyn.', u'1952 \u2014 The St. Louis Cardinals, down 11-0 entering the fifth inning, came back for a 14-12 triumph over the New York Giants in the first game of a doubleheader and set a National League record for best comeback.', u"1963 \u2014 San Francisco's Juan Marichal pitched a no-hitter against the Houston Colts for a 1-0 victory, the first Giants no-hitter since Carl Hubbell's in 1929.", u'1976 \u2014 The Pittsburgh Pirates and Houston Astros were "rained in" at the Houston Astrodome as 10 inches of rain fell on the city. Only members of both teams were able to make it to the stadium. Umpires, fans and stadium personnel were unable to make it through the water.', u'1980 \u2014 Cleveland Indian Jorge Orta collected six hits, a double and five singles, and scored four times in a 14-5 triumph over the Minnesota Twins. Toby Harrah had seven RBIs.', u"1992 \u2014 Jeff Reardon broke Rollie Fingers' career save mark of 341 when he preserved a 1-0 victory for the Boston Red Sox with one scoreless inning against the New York Yankees.", u"2002 \u2014 A double in the fifth inning of Texas' 4-0 loss to Houston gave Rafael Palmeiro 1,000 career extra-base hits. He became the 25th major leaguer to reach that mark.", u'2011 \u2014 Josh Beckett pitched a one-hitter, allowing only an infield single in the third inning by Reid Brignac, and led the Boston Red Sox to a 3-0 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays. Beckett struck out six, walked none and retired the last 19 batters.', u'2011 \u2014 Mark Teixeira hit two-run homers from each side of the plate and the New York Yankees connected five times, romping past the Texas Rangers 12-4. Teixeira tied Chili Davis and Eddie Murray for most times homering from both sides of the plate all-time with 11.', u'2013 \u2014 Carlos Beltran homered from each side of the plate and tripled to lead a 17-hit attack, and Lance Lynn notched his ninth victory when St. Louis outslugged Miami for a 13-7 win.', u"Today's birthdays: Eric Kratz 24; Eduardo Nunez 27; Trevor Plouffe 28; Tim Lincecum 30; Cliff Pennington 30.", u'1916 \u2014 Tom Hughes of the Boston Braves pitched a no-hitter in a 2-0 win over Pittsburgh Pirates.', u"1938 \u2014 Jimmie Foxx didn't get a chance to hit as the St. Louis Browns walked him six straight times. The Boston Red Sox won anyway, 12-8.", u"1953 \u2014 The St. Louis Browns beat New York 3-1 to break the Yankees' 18-game winning streak and end their 14-game losing streak.", u'1957 \u2014 Relief pitcher Dixie Howell hit two home runs in the 3 2-3 innings he pitched to lead the Chicago White Sox to an 8-6 victory in the second game of a doubleheader against the Washington Senators.', u'1978 \u2014 After three ninth-inning near misses, Tom Seaver threw the first no-hitter of his 12-year career as the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 4-0.', u'1991 \u2014 Philadelphia rookie Andy Ashby struck out the side in the fourth inning against Cincinnati on nine pitches. It was the 12th time in National League history that it had been accomplished and the first time by a Phillies pitcher.', u"1991 \u2014 Otis Nixon of Atlanta stole six bases against Montreal to set a modern National League record and tie the major league record set by Eddie Collins of the Philadelphia A's in 1912.", u'2001 \u2014 John Olerud went 4-for-5 and hit for the cycle as Seattle beat the San Diego Padres 9-2. He hit a homer in the ninth to complete the cycle.', u'2009 \u2014 The San Diego Padres set a major league record with their 12th straight loss in interleague play when they fell 5-0 to Seattle.', u"Today's birthdays: Jonathan Broxton 30; Joe Saunders 33.", u'1915 \u2014 George "Zip" Zabel of the Chicago Cubs was called into the game against the Brooklyn Dodgers with two outs in the first inning. He won 4-3 in the 19th inning in the longest relief effort in the majors.', u"1943 \u2014 Player-manager Joe Cronin of the Boston Red Sox hit a three-run pinch homer in both games of a doubleheader against the Philadelphia A's. The Red Sox won the opener 5-4 and lost the second game 8-7.", u'1960 \u2014 Ted Williams of the Boston Red Sox connected for his 500th career home run off the Cleveland Indians. Williams, the fourth to accomplish the feat, hit a two-run homer off Wynn Hawkins in a 3-1 win.', u'1971 \u2014 Don Kessinger of the Chicago Cubs went 6-for-6, with five singles and a double, in a 7-6, 10-inning decision over the St. Louis Cardinals at Wrigley Field.', u'1978 \u2014 Ron Guidry of the New York Yankees struck out 18 California Angels to set an American League record for left-handers. Guidry, who struck out 15 in the first six innings, ended with a 4-0 four-hitter.', u'1993 \u2014 Baseball owners voted 26-2 in favor of expanding the playoffs for the first time in 25 years, doubling the teams that qualify to eight starting in 1994.', u'2003 \u2014 Jae Seo, David Weathers and Armando Benitez combined for a one-hitter as the New York Mets beat Florida 5-0. It was the third straight game the Mets were involved in a one-hitter.', u'2005 \u2014 Arizona gave up 10 runs in the third inning of its 13-6 loss to Cleveland. The Diamondbacks, who allowed 10 runs in the sixth inning on June 15 in Chicago, became the first team since the 1969 Mets to allow 10 runs in an inning in consecutive games. The Mets did it on one day \u2014 during a doubleheader against Houston.', u"2007 \u2014 Brandon Watson extended his hitting streak to 43 games, breaking a 95-year-old International League record with a base hit in the Columbus Clippers' 9-8 loss to the Ottawa Lynx. Jack Lelivelt set the IL record for the Rochester Hustlers in 1912.", u"2007 \u2014 Frank Thomas hit his record-breaking 244th homer as a designated hitter in Toronto's 4-2 loss to Washington. The solo shot in the third inning moved Thomas past Edgar Martinez for the most homers by a DH in major league history.", u"2008 \u2014 Seattle's Felix Hernandez struck out the side on nine pitches in the fourth inning of a 5-4 win over Florida, becoming the 13th pitcher in American League history to accomplish the feat.", u"1947 \u2014 Cincinnati's Ewell Blackwell tossed a 6-0 no-hitter against the Boston Braves.", u"1950 \u2014 In the nightcap of a doubleheader, the Cleveland Indians scored 14 runs in the first inning for an American League record as they trounced the Philadelphia A's 21-2.", u"1953 \u2014 At Fenway Park, Dick Gernert's home run highlighted the 17-run, 14-hit seventh inning as the Boston Red Sox beat the Detroit Tigers 23-3. Gene Stephens collected three hits and Sammy White scored three runs in the big inning. Tom Umphlett also reached base three times in the inning.", u'1960 \u2014 The San Francisco Giants fired Bill Rigney and selected Tom Sheehan as manager. At 66 years, 2 months and 18 days, Sheehan was the oldest man to debut as a manager of a major league team.', u'1967 \u2014 Houston Astro Don Wilson tossed the first of his two career no-hitters by blanking the Atlanta Braves 2-0, facing 30 batters and striking out 15.', u"1975 \u2014 Fred Lynn batted in 10 runs with three homers, a triple and a single in a 15-1 Boston Red Sox victory over the Detroit Tigers. Lynn's 16 total bases tied an AL record.", u"1986 \u2014 California's Don Sutton pitched a three-hitter for his 300th career victory as the Angels beat the Texas Rangers 5-1. The 41-year-old right-hander became the 19th pitcher in baseball history to win 300 games.", u"2002 \u2014 Luis Castillo tied Rogers Hornsby's 80-year-old record for the longest hitting streak by a second baseman, beating out a dribbler to the pitcher in the sixth inning to make it 33 games in a row, in a 2-1 Florida win over Cleveland.", u"2005 \u2014 Atlanta's Julio Franco, 46, hit two homers in a game for the first time since September 12, 1996, becoming the second-oldest player to homer in major league history. Jack Quinn was a week shy of his 47th birthday when he homered in 1930.", u'2007 \u2014 Chone Figgins went 6-for-6 and drove in the game-winning run in the ninth inning to lift the Los Angeles Angels over Houston 10-9.', u'2009 \u2014 The Washington Nationals beat the New York Yankees 3-0 after the start of the game was delayed for 5 1/2 hours by rain. Scheduled to start at 1:05 p.m., the game did not begin until 6:31 p.m. Craig Stammen pitched 6 1-3 innings to earn his first major league victory in the first game without a homer at the new Yankee Stadium.', u'2011 \u2014 Johnny Damon hit his 500th double as Tampa Bay beat Florida 7-4. Damon, with an opposite-field bloop double to left in the first, became the 11th player all-time to have 500 doubles, 100 triples, 200 homers, and 2,500 hits.', u'2011 \u2014 Connor Harrell hit the first College World Series home run in the new TD Ameritrade Park to break a sixth-inning tie and first-time qualifier Vanderbilt defeated North Carolina 7-3.', u"2012 \u2014 R.A. Dickey became the first major league pitcher in 24 years to throw consecutive one-hitters and Ike Davis hit a grand slam in the New York Mets' 5-0 victory over the Baltimore Orioles. The previous pitcher to throw consecutive one-hitters was Dave Stieb for Toronto in September 1988.", u'2012 \u2014 Aaron Hill hit a solo homer in the seventh inning to become the fifth Arizona player to hit for the cycle, lifting the Diamondbacks to a 7-1 win over the Seattle Mariners.', u"Today's birthdays: Matt Moore 25; Jason Castro 27; Steve Cishek 28; Chris Coghlan 29; Fernando Rodriguez 30.", u'1941 \u2014 En route to 56, Joe DiMaggio hit in his 32nd consecutive game, going 3-for-3, including a home run, against the Chicago White Sox.', u'1942 \u2014 Paul Waner got hit number 3,000 \u2014 a single off Rip Sewell \u2014 but the Boston Braves lost to the Pittsburgh Pirates 7-6.', u'1952 \u2014 Brooklyn Dodger Carl Erskine pitched a 5-0 no-hitter against the Chicago Cubs at Ebbets Field.', u"1961 \u2014 Roger Maris' ninth-inning homer off Kansas City's Jim Archer was his 25th of the year, putting him seven games ahead of Babe Ruth's pace in 1927.", u"1973 \u2014 Cincinnati's Pete Rose and Willie Davis of the Los Angeles Dodgers both collected their 2,000th hits. It was a single for Rose against the San Francisco Giants and a home run for Davis against the Atlanta Braves.", u'1974 \u2014 Steve Busby of the Kansas City Royals hurled his second no-hitter in 14 months and gave up just one walk in beating the Brewers 2-0 at Milwaukee.', u'1977 \u2014 The Boston Red Sox hit five home runs in an 11-1 triumph over the New York Yankees. The five homers gave the Red Sox a major league record 16 in three games. Boston hit six homers on the 17th and five on the 18th, also against the Yankees. In the series the Yankees had no homers.', u'2001 \u2014 Ellis Burks hit three homers in a 10-9 Cleveland loss to the Twins.', u"2006 \u2014 San Francisco rookie Matt Cain carried a no-hitter into the eighth inning in the Giants' 2-1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels. Chone Figgins lined a single to center with two outs in the eighth to end Cain's no-hit bid. The 21-year-old Cain allowed the one hit and an unearned run while walking four and striking out 10.", u"2008 \u2014 Atlanta lost its league-record 22nd straight one-run game on the road when Texas rallied for a 5-4 victory. The previous mark was 21 by Kansas City during a stretch over the 2000-01 seasons. Atlanta's last one-run victory on the road was on Aug. 10, 2007.", u"2011 \u2014 John Hicks' RBI single in the seventh inning broke a scoreless tie and Virginia went on to defeat California 4-1 at the College World Series. Hicks' one-out base hit into center ended the longest scoreless CWS game in 24 years, and Steve Proscia followed with a sacrifice fly.", u"Today's birthdays: Devin Mesoraco 26; Bruce Chen 37.", u'1912 \u2014 The New York Giants outslugged the Boston Braves 21-12 with the teams scoring a total of 17 runs in the ninth inning. The Giants scored seven runs to take a 21-2 lead and the Braves scored 10 runs in the ninth.', u"1951 \u2014 Bobby Avila hit three home runs, a double and single in the Cleveland Indians' 14-8 victory over the Red Sox at Fenway Park.", u"1980 \u2014 Freddie Patek, one of baseball's smallest players at 5-foot-5, hit three home runs and a double to lead the California Angels in a 20-2 rout of the Boston Red Sox in Fenway Park.", u'1982 \u2014 Pete Rose became the fifth major leaguer to appear in 3,000 games and extended a personal consecutive-game streak to 523 in a 3-1 loss to the Pittsburgh Pirates at Three Rivers Stadium.', u'1992 \u2014 Kelly Saunders became the second woman to serve as a public address announcer at a major league game when she filled in for Rex Barney in Baltimore.', u"1994 \u2014 The Detroit Tigers' string of 25 straight games hitting a home run ended in a 7-1 loss to Cleveland. The streak matched the major league mark set by the 1941 New York Yankees.", u'1998 \u2014 Sammy Sosa hit two home runs for the second straight day to set a major league record with 16 homers in June as the Chicago Cubs beat Philadelphia 9-4.', u"2001 \u2014 Barry Bonds broke two major league records with his 38th homer, including one set by Babe Ruth in 1928, as the Giants beat San Diego 8-3. Bonds hit a two-run shot in the eighth inning to break out of a tie with Reggie Jackson (1969) and Mark McGwire (1998) for the most homers before the All-Star break. And he became the quickest to 38, doing it in his team's 71st game. Ruth hit 38 in 88 games in 1928.", u'2004 \u2014 Ken Griffey Jr. hit the 500th home run of his career, off Matt Morris, to help the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6-0.', u'2006 \u2014 Jason Jennings and two relievers combined on a one-hitter as Colorado beat Oakland 6-0. It was the first one-hitter in team history and the third time there has been one hit or less at Coors Field.', u'2007 \u2014 Sammy Sosa hit his 600th home run, making him the fifth player to reach the milestone. Sosa, playing for the Texas Rangers following a year out of baseball, hit a solo homer off Jason Marquis. It came in the fifth inning against the Chicago Cubs, the team he played for from 1992-2004.', u"2009 \u2014 Two games ended on wild pitches in extra innings. Nate Schierholtz scored the winning run for San Francisco on a wild pitch by Jason Jennings with two outs in the 11th inning and the Giants beat the Texas Rangers 2-1. Earlier, the Chicago Cubs beat Cleveland 6-5 in 13 innings when Andres Blanco came home on Kerry Wood's gaffe.", u'2011 \u2014 The Florida Marlins named Jack McKeon interim manager. The 80-year-old McKeon became the second-oldest manager in major league history. Connie Mack managed the Philadelphia Athletics in a suit, tie and straw hat until 1950, when he was 87.', u"2012 \u2014 Jason Heyward hit two of a record nine homers at the new Yankee Stadium and the Atlanta Braves beat the New York Yankees 10-5. Freddie Freeman, Martin Prado, Heyward and David Ross all connected off Phil Hughes to build a 6-1 lead. Michael Bourn stole what might've been another home run from Jayson Nix after missing an earlier opportunity for a try at a leaping grab. Alex Rodriguez hit his 640th career homer, and Robinson Cano, Derek Jeter and Eric Chavez all hit long balls against Tommy Hanson.", u"Today's birthday: Kendrys Morales 30.", u'End Adv']), ([u'Astros\u2019 8 Runs Chase Mariners\u2019 Felix Hernandez After One Out'], [u'Felix Hernandez surrendered eight runs in the first inning and got only one out before leaving the game Friday night as the ', u' ended a seven-game skid in grand fashion with a 10-0 win against the visiting ', u'.', u'Luis Valbuena, Jason Castro, Carlos Correa and Chris Carter homered for the Astros.', u' David Price achieved an uncommon statistical feat, pitching a complete-game shutout with fewer than 100 pitches, as he led Detroit to a win against visiting Cleveland.', u' Eugenio Suarez drove in Todd Frazier with a tiebreaking unearned run in the 10th inning, and Cincinnati rebounded for a victory over host Chicago, the Reds\u2019 fifth win in six games.', u'Cincinnati\u2019s J. J. Hoover (5-0) pitched a scoreless eighth and ninth for the win.', u' Jose Urena pitched into the seventh inning for his first major league victory, and Miami supported him with some slugging to beat visiting Colorado.', u'J. T. Realmuto hit a three-run homer, and Martin Prado had a solo shot.', u'The Rockies lost their third game in a row.', u' Elvis Andrus drove in four runs, a career high, and Texas got tiebreaking runs on a two-out error by Minnesota center fielder Aaron Hicks as the Rangers beat the Twins.', u' Jaime Garcia pitched eight innings of four-hit ball and hit a run-scoring single for St. Louis, which ended visiting Kansas City\u2019s four-game winning streak.', u' Joey Butler had three of Tampa Bay\u2019s 14 hits, and Matt Andriese earned his first major league win, defeating visiting Chicago.', u' Aramis Ramirez hit three doubles and drove in five runs, Mike Fiers pitched seven effective innings, and Milwaukee beat visiting Washington.']), ([u'Bernhard Langer Leads Senior Players by 4 Shots'], [u'Bernhard Langer shot his second consecutive six-under-par 65 to extend his lead to four shots halfway through the Senior Players Championship in Belmont, Mass. Langer is seeking to become the first repeat winner of the major event since Arnold Palmer in 1984-85. Russ Cochran also shot 65 and sat alone in second.']), ([u'AP Sportlight'], [u'1922 \u2014 Gene Sarazen edges Bobby Jones and John Black to win the ', u' tournament.', u'1934 \u2014 Max Baer stops Primo Carnera in 11th round in New York to win the world heavyweight title.', u'1952 \u2014 Julius Boros wins the U.S. Open over Ed Oliver by four strokes.', u'1958 \u2014 Tommy Bolt beats Gary Player by four strokes to win the U.S. Open.', u'1958 \u2014 Britain beats the United States 4-3 at Wimbledon to win the Wrightman Cup, the first win for Britain since 1930.', u'1981 \u2014 Donna Caponi Young wins the LPGA championship by one stroke over Jerilyn Britz and Pat Meyers.', u'1987 \u2014 The Los Angeles Lakers win their 10th NBA championship with a 106-93 victory over the Boston Celtics in Game 6 at the Forum.', u'1990 \u2014 Vinnie Johnson scores 15 points in the fourth quarter, including a 15-footer with seven-tenths of a second left, to give the Detroit Pistons a 92-90 win and the NBA title over Portland in five games.', u"1991 \u2014 Leroy Burrell sets a world record in the U.S. Championships in New York with a 9.90-second clocking in the men's 100-meter dash. Carl Lewis, who held the record at 9.92 since the 1988 Olympics, finishes second.", u'1994 \u2014 The New York Rangers hold off the Vancouver Canucks 3-2 in Game 7 for their first Stanley Cup in 54 years. MVP Brian Leetch, Adam Graves and Mark Messier score goals and Mike Richter makes 28 saves for New York.', u'1995 \u2014 The Houston Rockets complete the unlikeliest of NBA championship repeats, sweeping the Orlando Magic with a 113-101 victory. MVP Hakeem Olajuwon finishes with 35 points and 15 rebounds.', u'1998 \u2014 Michael Jordan scores 45 points, stealing the ball from Karl Malone and hitting a jumper with 5.2 seconds left to give Chicago an 87-86 win and a 4-2 series victory over Utah for a sixth NBA title.', u"2005 \u2014 Asafa Powell breaks the world record in the 100 meters with a 9.77 clocking at Olympic Stadium in Athens, Greece. Powell shaves one hundredth of a second off Tim Montgomery's record of 9.78 set in Paris in 2002 \u2014 a mark that would later be wiped out because of doping charges.", u'2005 \u2014 Michelle Wie becomes the first female player to qualify for an adult male U.S. Golf Association championship, tying for first place in a 36-hole U.S. Amateur Public Links sectional qualifying tournament at Belle Vernon, Pa. Wie earns one of only two spots available in the 85-player qualifier for the U.S. Amateur Public Links on July 11-16.', u"2007 \u2014 The San Antonio Spurs, who bounced over from the ABA in 1976, move in among the NBA's greatest franchises with an 83-82 victory for a sweep of Cleveland. With their fourth championship since 1999 \u2014 and third in five years \u2014 the Spurs join the Boston Celtics, Los Angeles Lakers and Chicago Bulls as the only teams in NBA history to win four titles.", u"2007 \u2014 Sidney Crosby skates away with the Hart Trophy, becoming the NHL's youngest MVP since Wayne Gretzky. The 19-year-old Pittsburgh captain gets 91 first-place votes and 1,225 points in a poll of Professional Hockey Writers' Association members.", u'2009 \u2014 Anna Nordqvist shoots a 4-under par 68 to become the second straight rookie to win the LPGA Championship. Nordqvist finishes at 15-under 273, four shots ahead of Lindsey Wright.', u"2009 \u2014 The Los Angeles Lakers win their 15th championship, beating the Orlando Magic 99-86 in Game 5 of the NBA finals. Kobe Bryant, the MVP, scores 30 points in winning his fourth title, the first without Shaquille O'Neal. It's the 10th championship for coach Phil Jackson, moving him past Boston's Red Auerbach for the most all-time.", u'1901 \u2014 Willie Anderson edges Alex Smith by one stroke in a playoff to take the U.S. Open.', u'1938 \u2014 Johnny Vander Meer of the Cincinnati Reds pitches his second straight no-hit game, defeating the Brooklyn Dodgers 6-0 in the first night game played at Ebbets Field.', u'1947 \u2014 Lew Worsham beats Sam Snead by one stroke on the final hole of a playoff to win the U.S. Open.', u'1957 \u2014 Dick Mayer beats defending champion Cary Middlecoff by seven strokes in a playoff to win the U.S. Open.', u'1969 \u2014 Orville Moody edges Deane Beman, Al Geiberger and Bob Rosburg by one stroke to capture the U.S. Open.', u'1970 \u2014 Shirley Englehorn wins the LPGA championship with a four-stroke victory over Kathy Whitworth in the playoff round.', u'1980 \u2014 Jack Nicklaus wins his fourth U.S. Open with a record 272 for 72 holes.', u'1986 \u2014 Ray Floyd, 43, beats Chip Beck and Lanny Wadkins by two strokes to become the oldest golfer to win the U.S. Open.', u'1991 \u2014 Carl Lewis, one jump away from losing his 64-meet winning streak in the long jump, comes through with a dramatic victory when he soars 28 feet, 4\xbc inches to pass leader Mike Powell by a half-inch in the U.S. Championships in New York.', u'1996 \u2014 Roy Jones Jr. completes a unique doubleheader, successfully defending his IBF super middleweight title after playing in a pro basketball game. Jones stops Eric Lucas in the 11th round after scoring five points in a United States Basketball League game in the afternoon, helping the Jacksonville Barracudas beat Treasure Coast 107-94.', u'1997 \u2014 Ernie Els wins his second U.S. Open championship in four years, finishing one stroke ahead of Colin Montgomerie. Els has the shot of the day on the 480-yard 17th hole when he hits a 5-iron from 212 yards to just 12 feet on the peninsula green.', u'2001 \u2014 Los Angeles beats Philadelphia 108-96 in Game 5 of the NBA Finals to complete the best playoff run in NBA history. The Lakers, who finish the playoffs with a record of 15-1, are the first to go through the playoffs undefeated on the road.', u'2003 \u2014 Jim Furyk wins his first major championship and put his name in the record books, matching the lowest 72-hole score in the 103 years of the U.S. Open. Furyk closes with a 2-over 72 to win by three shots over Stephen Leaney of Australia.', u"2004 \u2014 Detroit beats the Los Angeles Lakers 100-87 in Game 5 of the NBA Finals for the Pistons' first championship in 14 years.", u'2005 \u2014 Carolyn Vesper Bivens is hired as the first female commissioner in the 55-year history of the LPGA Tour.', u'2008 \u2014 Down to his last stroke at Torrey Pines, Tiger Woods sinks a 12-foot birdie putt to force an 18-hole playoff against Rocco Mediate for the U.S. Open. They finish at 1-under 283, the first time since 2004 that someone breaks par in a U.S. Open.', u"2011 \u2014 The Boston Bruins win the Stanley Cup for the first time since 1972, beating the Vancouver Canucks 4-0 in Game 7 of the finals. Tim Thomas, who wins the Conn Smythe Trophy as the most valuable player, caps a spectacular playoff run with 37 saves in the Canucks' hostile home arena. The Bruins become the first team in NHL history to win a Game 7 three times in the same postseason.", u'2014 \u2014 Martin Kaymer of Germany wins the U.S. Open after four days of dominance at Pinehurst No. 2. Kaymer finishes with an eight-shot victory over Rickie Fowler and Erik Compton and becomes the seventh player in the 114 years of the U.S. Open to go wire-to-wire.', u'2014 \u2014 The San Antonio Spurs win their fifth NBA championship, beating the Miami Heat 104-87 to win the series in five games.', u'1927 \u2014 Tommy Armour wins the U.S. Open with a three-stroke victory over Harry Cooper in a playoff.', u'1946 \u2014 Lloyd Mangrum edges Byron Nelson and Vic Ghezzi to win the U.S. Open by one stroke in a 36-hole playoff.', u'1951 \u2014 Ben Hogan captures the U.S. Open for the second straight year with a two-stroke comeback victory over Clayton Heafner.', u'1956 \u2014 Cary Middlecoff wins the U.S. Open by one stroke over Ben Hogan and Julius Boros.', u'1968 \u2014 Lee Trevino becomes the first golfer to play all four rounds of the U.S. Open under par as he beats Jack Nicklaus by four strokes.', u'1974 \u2014 Hale Irwin beats Forrest Fezler by two strokes to win the U.S. Open.', u"1985 \u2014 Andy North wins the U.S. Open by one stroke over Taiwan's Tze-chung Chen.", u'1993 \u2014 Michael Jordan scores 55 points to lead the Chicago Bulls to a 111-105 victory and a 3-1 lead over the Phoenix Suns in the NBA Finals. Jordan is the fifth player to score 50 in the finals and the first since Jerry West in 1969.', u"1998 \u2014 The Detroit Red Wings become the first team to win consecutive Stanley Cups since Pittsburgh in 1992, completing a sweep of Washington 4-1, behind two goals by Doug Brown. It's the fourth straight NHL finals sweep, a first in major pro sports history.", u'1999 \u2014 Maurice Greene smashes the 100-meter world record at 9.79 seconds, breaking the previous mark of 9.84 set by Donovan Bailey at the 1996 Olympics.', u'2002 \u2014 A runaway winner again in the U.S. Open, Tiger Woods becomes the first player since Jack Nicklaus in 1972 to capture the first two major championships of the year with a three-stroke victory at Bethpage (N.Y.) Black.', u'2006 \u2014 Tiger Woods returns from his longest layoff by making his earliest departure at a major, missing the cut in a Grand Slam tournament for the first time as a pro. Woods, with rounds of 76-76, misses the cut at the U.S. Open by three strokes.', u'2007 \u2014 District Attorney Mike Nifong is disbarred for his "selfish" rape prosecution of three Duke University lacrosse players \u2014 a politically motivated act.', u'2008 \u2014 Tiger Woods wins the U.S. Open in a 19-hole playoff over Rocco Mediate, his 14th career major. One shot behind after a collapse no one saw coming, Woods birdies the 18th hole to force sudden death at Torrey Pines. Mediate misses a par putt and Woods only needed a two-putt par to win the U.S. Open for the third time.', u'2013 \u2014 Justin Rose captures his first major championship and becomes the first Englishman in 43 years to win the U.S. Open. Rose shoots a closing 70 at Merion Golf Club in Ardmore, Pa. for a 1-over 281 total and two-shot victory over Phil Mickelson and Jason Day.', u"2013 \u2014 Greg Biffle gives Ford a milestone victory with his second straight Sprint Cup win at Michigan International Speedway. It's the 1,000th victory for Ford Motor Company across NASCAR's three national series \u2014 Cup, Nationwide and Truck.", u'1954 \u2014 Rocky Marciano scores a 15-round unanimous decision over Ezzard Charles at New York to retain the world heavyweight title.', u'1961 \u2014 Gene Littler shoots a 68 in the final round to edge Doug Sanders and Bob Goalby in the U.S. Open.', u'1962 \u2014 Jack Nicklaus beats Arnold Palmer by three strokes in a playoff to win the U.S. Open.', u'1973 \u2014 John Miller shoots a 63 in the final round to win the U.S. Open over John Schlee.', u'1976 \u2014 The 18-team NBA absorbs four of the six remaining ABA teams: the New York Nets, Indiana Pacers, San Antonio Spurs and Denver Nuggets.', u'1979 \u2014 Hale Irwin wins the U.S. Open over Gary Player and Jerry Pate.', u'1990 \u2014 Fifty-year-old Harry Gant becomes the oldest driver to win a NASCAR race as he posts a 2.4-second victory over Rusty Wallace in the Miller 500 at Pocono International Raceway.', u'1991 \u2014 Payne Stewart escapes with a two-stroke victory over Scott Simpson in the highest-scoring U.S. Open playoff in 64 years.', u'1995 \u2014 Claude Lemieux snaps a tie at 3:17 of the third period as the New Jersey Devils open the Stanley Cup finals with a 2-1 victory over the Detroit Red Wings. The victory, the ninth on the road, breaks the NHL playoff record for road wins.', u'2001 \u2014 Retief Goosen misses a 2-foot putt on the 18th green, tying him with Mark Brooks and setting up a playoff for the U.S. Open.', u'2006 \u2014 Rookie David Gilliland becomes the first non-Nextel Cup driver to win a Busch Series race this season, passing J.J. Yeley with 10 laps to go and holding on to take the Meijer 300 at Kentucky Speedway.', u'2007 \u2014 Angel Cabrera holds off Tiger Woods and Jim Furyk by a stroke to capture the U.S. Open. Cabrera shoots a 1-under-par 69 in the final round at brutal Oakmont (Pa.) Country Club.', u"2007 \u2014 Kate Ziegler breaks swimming's oldest world record, shattering the 1,500-meter freestyle mark by 9 1/2 seconds at the TYR Meet of Champions Mission Viejo, Calif. Ziegler wins the 30-lap race in 15:42.54, easily erasing Janet Evans' 1988 mark of 15:52.10 set in Orlando, Fla. At the time, Evans was the first woman to break 16 minutes.", u'2008 \u2014 The Boston Celtics win their 17th NBA title with a stunning 131-92 blowout over the Los Angeles Lakers in Game 6. Kevin Garnett scores 26 points with 14 rebounds, Ray Allen scores 26 and Paul Pierce, the finals MVP, adds 17. The Celtics, a 24-win team a year ago, wrap up their first crown since 1986.', u'2010 \u2014 The University of Utah accepts an invitation to become the 12th member of the newly expanded Pac-10 conference.', u'2010 \u2014 The Los Angeles Lakers beat Boston for the first time in a Game 7 to repeat as NBA champions. Kobe Bryant scores 23 points despite 6-of-24 shooting and the Lakers win their 16th NBA championship, dramatically rallying from a fourth-quarter 13-point deficit to beat the Celtics 83-79.', u'2011 \u2014 Rory McIlroy becomes the first player in the 111-year history of the U.S. Open to reach 13-under par, and despite a double bogey into the water on the final hole, his 5-under 66 is enough set the 36-hole scoring record at 131.', u'2012 \u2014 Webb Simpson wins the U.S. Open outlasting former U.S. Open champions Jim Furyk and Graeme McDowell. Simpson emerges on a fog-filled final day at The Olympic Club in San Francisco with four birdies around the turn and a tough chip out of a hole to the right of the 18th green that he converts into par for a 2-under 68.', u'1910 \u2014 Alex Smith wins the U.S. Open by beating John McDermont and Macdonald Smith in an 18-hole playoff. Smith beats McDermont by four strokes and Macdonald Smith by six.', u'1921 \u2014 The University of Illinois wins the first NCAA track and field championships with 20\xbc points. Notre Dame finishes second with 16\xbe points.', u'1941 \u2014 Joe Louis knocks out Billy Conn in the 13th round at the Polo Grounds in New York to retain the world heavyweight title.', u'1960 \u2014 Arnold Palmer beats amateur Jack Nicklaus by two strokes to win the U.S. Open.', u"1967 \u2014 Jack Nicklaus shoots a record 275 to beat Arnold Palmer for the U.S. Open. Nicklaus breaks Ben Hogan's 1948 record by one stroke.", u"1972 \u2014 Jack Nicklaus wins the U.S. Open by three strokes over Bruce Crampton and ties Bobby Jones' record of 13 major titles.", u'1984 \u2014 Fuzzy Zoeller shoots a 3-under 67 to beat Greg Norman by eight strokes in the 18-hole playoff for the U.S. Open title.', u"1986 \u2014 California's Don Sutton becomes the 19th pitcher in baseball history to win 300 games as he pitches a three-hitter to give the Angels a 5-1 triumph over the Texas Rangers.", u"1990 \u2014 Hale Irwin makes an 8-foot birdie putt on the 91st hole to beat Mike Donald in the first sudden-death playoff to decide the U.S. Open. It is the third U.S. Open title for the 45-year-old Irwin, the oldest winner in the tournament's history.", u'1995 \u2014 Michael Johnson becomes the first national champion at 200 and 400 meters since 1899 as he captures both races at the USA-Mobil Championships.', u"2000 \u2014 Tiger Woods turns the 100th U.S. Open into a one-man show, winning by 15 strokes over Ernie Els and Miguel Angel Jimenez. Woods' 15-stroke margin shatters the Open mark of 11 set by Willie Smith in 1899 and is the largest in any major championship \u2014 surpassing the 13-stroke victory by Old Tom Morris in the 1862 British Open.", u"2006 \u2014 Phil Mickelson's bid for a third consecutive major ends with a shocking collapse when he bungles his way to a double bogey on the final hole, giving the U.S. Open to Geoff Ogilvy.", u'2011 \u2014 Rory McIlroy moves closer to his first major at Congressional by stretching his lead for the third straight day with a 3-under 68 to set the 54-hole record at the U.S. Open \u2014 a mind-boggling 14-under 199. McIlroy takes an eight-shot lead going into the final round.', u"2014 \u2014 Clayton Kershaw pitches his first no-hitter, striking out a career-high 15 and allowing his only baserunner on a throwing error by shortstop Hanley Ramirez in the Los Angeles Dodgers' 8-0 victory over the Colorado Rockies.", u'1867 \u2014 Ruthless, ridden by J. Gilpatrick, wins the inaugural ', u' at Jerome Park in the Bronx. The filly earns $1,850 for her victory.', u'1914 \u2014 Harry Vardon wins his sixth and final British Open by shooting a 306, three strokes ahead of J.H. Taylor at Prestwick Club.', u"1936 \u2014 German heavyweight boxer Max Schmeling knocks out previously unbeaten Joe Louis in the 12th round. Schmeling's victory sets off a propaganda war between the Nazi regime and the United States on the eve of World War II.", u'1954 \u2014 Ed Furgol edges Gene Littler by one stroke to win the U.S. Open, the first golf tournament to be televised nationally.', u'1955 \u2014 Jack Fleck beats Ben Hogan by three strokes in a playoff round to win the U.S. Open.', u'1977 \u2014 Hubert Green wins the U.S. Open by one stroke over Lou Graham.', u'1986 \u2014 Len Bias, the second pick in the ', u' made by the Boston Celtics two days before, dies of a heart attack induced by cocaine use.', u'1992 \u2014 Evander Holyfield wins a unanimous decision over Larry Holmes to remain unbeaten and retain the undisputed heavyweight title.', u"1999 \u2014 Dallas wins its first Stanley Cup, as Brett Hull's controversial goal at 14:51 of the third overtime gives the Stars a 2-1 victory over the Buffalo Sabres in Game 6.", u'2005 \u2014 Michael Campbell answers every challenge Tiger Woods throws his way for a two-shot victory in the U.S. Open. Campbell has clutch par saves and a 20-foot birdie putt on the 17th hole that proves to be the knockout punch. Retief Goosen, the two-time U.S. Open champion, turns in a collapse that ranks among the greatest in major championship history. He loses his three-shot lead in three holes and closes with an 81 to tie for 11th at 8 over.', u'2005 \u2014 Michelin advises the 14 cars it supplies that its tires are unsafe for the final banked turn for the Formula One race at Indianapolis Motor Speedway. Unable to forge a compromise, all 14 Michelin teams duck off the track after the warmup lap, leaving winner Michael Schumacher and the five other drivers who use Bridgestone tires to race among themselves.', u'2006 \u2014 Cam Ward stops nearly everything giving the Carolina Hurricanes their first Stanley Cup title with a 3-1 victory over Edmonton in Game 7. Aaron Ward and Frantisek Kaberle, each six-goal scorers during the regular season, score goals for the Hurricanes.', u'2011 \u2014 Rory McIlroy runs away with the U.S. Open title, winning by eight shots and breaking the tournament scoring record by a whopping four strokes. McIlroy shoots a 2-under 69 to close the four days at Congressional in Bethesda, Md. at 16-under 268. The 22-year-old from Northern Ireland is the third player in U.S. Open history to break 70 in all four rounds.', u"2014 \u2014 Stacy Lewis plays bogey-free on a shorter, but equally tough Pinehurst No. 2 to take a one-shot lead over Michelle Wie in the first round of the U.S. Women's Open. Eleven-year-old Lucy Li holds her own \u2014 at least over 15 holes. The youngest qualifier in Women's Open history has a triple bogey and two double bogeys in a round of 78. Li shoots another 78 the next day and misses the cut.", u'1936 \u2014 Jesse Owens sets a 100-meter record of 10.2 seconds at a meet in Chicago.', u'1940 \u2014 Joe Louis stops Arturo Godoy in the eighth round at Yankee Stadium to retain the world heavyweight title.', u'1960 \u2014 Floyd Patterson knocks out Ingemar Johansson in the fifth round in New York to become the first boxer to regain the world heavyweight title.', u'1964 \u2014 Ken Venturi beats Tommy Jacobs by two strokes to win the U.S. Open.', u'1966 \u2014 Billy Casper beats Arnold Palmer by four strokes in a playoff to win the U.S. Open.', u"1968 \u2014 The Night of Speed. In a span of 2\xbd hours, the world record of 10 seconds for the 100 meters is broken by three men and tied by seven others at the AAU Track and Field Championships in Sacramento, Calif. Jim Hines wins the first semifinal in a tight finish with Ronny Ray Smith, becoming the first man to break the 10-second barrier. Both runners are credited with a time of 9.9 seconds. Charlie Greene wins the second semifinal and then ties Hines' 9.9 record in the final.", u'1976 \u2014 Jerry Pate, 22, wins the U.S. Open by two strokes over Al Geiberger and Tom Weiskopf.', u'1980 \u2014 Roberto Duran wins a 15-round decision over Sugar Ray Leonard in Montreal to win the world welterweight crown.', u'1982 \u2014 Tom Watson wins the U.S. Open by two strokes over Jack Nicklaus.', u"1984 \u2014 Jockey Pat Day equals a thoroughbred racing record for an eight-race card when he wins seven races at Churchill Downs. Day's only loss is in the fourth race.", u'1987 \u2014 Scott Simpson, with a final-round 2-under 68, beats Tom Watson by one stroke to win the U.S. Open.', u'1987 \u2014 The Dallas Sidekicks win the MISL title with a 4-3 overtime victory in the seventh game over the Tacoma Stars.', u"1993 \u2014 Lee Janzen holes a 30-foot chip for birdie on No. 16 and adds birdies on the par-5 closing holes for a two-stroke victory over Payne Stewart in the U.S. Open. Janzen ties Jack Nicklaus' record 272 total and Lee Trevino's four straight rounds in the 60's.", u'1993 \u2014 John Paxson hits a 3-pointer with 3.9 seconds left as the Chicago Bulls win their third consecutive NBA title with a 99-98 victory over the Phoenix Suns in Game 6 of the finals.', u'1994 \u2014 Ernie Els of South Africa becomes the first foreign winner of the U.S. Open since 1981, beating Loren Roberts on the second sudden-death hole.', u'2004 \u2014 Retief Goosen captures his second U.S. Open in four years. In the toughest final round at the U.S. Open in 22 years, Goosen closes with a 1-over 71 for a two-shot victory made possible when Phil Mickelson three-putts from 5 feet on the 17th.', u'2004 \u2014 Ken Griffey Jr. hits the 500th home run of his career, off Matt Morris, to help the Cincinnati Reds beat the St. Louis Cardinals 6-0.', u'2006 \u2014 Dwyane Wade caps his magnificent playoffs with 36 points and 10 rebounds to lead Miami past the Dallas Mavericks 95-92 as the Heat roar back from a two-game deficit to win the NBA finals in six games.', u'2009 \u2014 Wladimir Klitschko shows his dominance of the heavyweight division, stopping Ruslan Chagaev in the tenth round of a title fight before 61,000 fans at a German soccer stadium in Gelsenkirchen. The IBF and WBO champion adds the Ring Magazine belt to his haul.', u"2010 \u2014 Graeme McDowell of Northern Ireland wins the U.S. Open, holding off France's Gregory Havret to become the first European to win America's national championship since 1970.", u'2013 \u2014 LeBron James has 37 points and 12 rebounds and the Miami Heat repeat as champions with a 95-88 victory over the San Antonio Spurs in Game 7 of the NBA Finals. Dwyane Wade adds 23 points and 10 rebounds and Shane Battier scores 18 points on 6-for-8 shooting from 3-point range for Miami.', u"2013 \u2014 Abby Wambach scores four times in the first half to break Mia Hamm's record for international career goals with room to spare in a 5-0 victory over South Korea. The four goals gives the 33-year-old Wambach 160 in 207 games, two more than Hamm had in a storied 275-game career that ended in 2004.", u'End Adv']), ([u'Brooks Koepka Leads in Memphis'], [u'Brooks Koepka shot a three-under-par 67 to lead the St.\xa0Jude Classic in Memphis by a stroke after 36 holes. He had four birdies and one bogey in his round and was at nine-under 131.', u'Austin Cook shot a 64 and was a stroke behind in second.']), ([u'Michael Sam Leaves Montreal Alouettes\u2019 Camp'], [u'Michael Sam, a rookie defensive end for the Montreal Alouettes of the Canadian Football League, has left training camp for personal reasons. The Alouettes gave Sam, the first openly gay player to sign in the C.F.L., permission to return home to Texas.', u'The team said it was keeping the \u201cnature of his decision\u201d confidential.', u'\u25a0 The Jets have signed the veteran tackle Charles Brown, adding depth to their offensive line.']), ([u'Koepka Hits the Front at St. Jude Classic'], [u'(Reuters) - Brooks Koepka fired a three-under-par 67 for a one-shot lead after the second round of the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis on Friday. Big-hitting Koepka made four birdies and a single bogey to move to nine under for the tournament, with Austin Cook a shot behind after one of the day\u2019s top rounds, a six-under 64.', u'"I still feel like I could be five- or six-under-par more. I really haven\u2019t been firing on all cylinders but it\u2019s good enough to be at the top,\u201d Koepka told reporters.', u'Cook is playing on a sponsor\u2019s exemption but is trying to prove that he belongs on Tour.', u'\u201cI feel like I should be out here,\u201d Cook said. My irons were on fire and I holed some putts.\u201d', u'New Zealander Steven Alker is a shot further back, and a group of seven players are bunched at six under.    Alker, who started on the 10th, had a hot stretch coming home on the front nine, reaching 10-under par before finishing bogey, double bogey to fall back.', u'Five-times major winner Phil Mickelson, who will head to Chambers Bay searching for a first U.S. Open win after posting a record six runner-up spots, managed a one-under-par 69 that leaves him at three under.', u'(The story corrects nationality of Alker to New Zealand)', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Rafael Nadal Advances in Germany'], [u'Top-seeded ', u' overcame stiff resistance from Bernard Tomic to reach the semifinals of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany, with a 6-4, 6-7 (6), 6-3 victory. Nadal will next play the fourth-seeded Ga\xebl Monfils, who beat Philipp Kohlschreiber, 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.', u'Also, second-seeded Marin Cilic served 19 aces to rally past the qualifier Mischa Zverev, 4-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (5), to set up a semifinal against eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki, who beat Sam Groth, 7-6 (3), 6-1.']), ([u'Bartolo Colon Earns Ninth Victory as Mets Defeat the Braves'], [u' strolled into the clubhouse at Citi Field three and a half hours before his start Friday. He was wearing sunglasses, jeans and a red T-shirt. He looked at ease.', u'A few doors away, ', u' Manager Terry Collins spoke to the news media, trying to explain the dynamic of his team\u2019s starting rotation, which simply boils down to five regulars with an occasional spot start from Dillon Gee, as will happen Sunday. The lecture was at times exasperating, humorous and even informative, but Collins rarely mentioned Colon\u2019s name.', u'A few hours later, Colon toed the rubber and calmly assembled another quality start, just as Collins had come to expect, and earned his ninth win of the season as the Mets topped the ', u', 5-3.', u'Colon, who is tied for the major league lead for wins, said through an interpreter that he was completely unaware of the backlash from the news media and fans over the Mets\u2019 recent flirtation with a six-man rotation, or that it had been considered.', u'\u201cIt doesn\u2019t affect me at all,\u201d Colon said. \u201cI don\u2019t really think about it. I just find out now from you guys. Honestly, I just think about the day that I get the ball to pitch and get a W and give my best effort.\u201d', u'One of Collins\u2019s main goals as manager is to control the innings of Matt Harvey, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard, in the hope that they will be available for a September pennant race. The fact that Colon, 42, is on pace to throw more than 200 innings is nary a blip on the radar.', u'On Friday, Colon stymied the Braves through the first four innings, allowing one hit, a single by Freddie Freeman in the fourth.', u'Batting cleanup for the first time in his career, Wilmer Flores spotted Colon a 1-0 lead with a home run in the second, his 10th of the season.', u'John Mayberry Jr., who was signed in the off-season as a specialist to face left-handed pitching, added a two-run home run in the fourth off the left-hander Alex Wood.', u'But the Braves almost chased Colon in the fifth, as he allowed two runs on four hits. With the bases full and two outs, Colon was able to force Nick Markakis to ground out back to the mound.', u'Colon again escaped trouble in the sixth. After allowing a leadoff double to Juan Uribe, Colon retired the next two batters and intentionally walked Andrelton Simmons to get to Wood, who grounded out to Colon for the third out.', u'Collins realized Colon did not have good movement and that his pitches were up in the zone more than usual, but still felt at ease during the jams in the fifth and sixth. \u201cHe battled so well, you kind of liked where you were sitting,\u201d Collins said. \u201cToday, he really had to work for it and kept us in it.\u201d', u'Colon threw 100 pitches over six innings, allowing six hits and two runs, improving to 9-4.', u'Jeurys Familia pitched a scoreless ninth for his 18th save. Familia loaded the bases, but he induced Markakis to ground out into a double play to end the game, going 0 for 3 with the bases loaded on Friday.', u'INSIDE PITCH', u'The Mets placed ERIK GOEDDEL on the 15-day disabled list with a right elbow strain and recalled infielder DANNY MUNO from Class AAA Las Vegas.']), ([u'Michael Pineda\u2019s Time Off Leads to a Forgettable Start'], [u'BALTIMORE \u2014  Over the course of a six-month grind of a baseball season, a night like Friday, when the ', u' were drubbed by the ', u', 11-3, is one that might normally be easily forgotten.', u'But this one is unlikely to be, not with its numerous blunders, bad breaks and regrettable decisions.', u'\u201cIt wasn\u2019t pretty to watch,\u201d outfielder Brett Gardner said. \u201cAnd it wasn\u2019t pretty to be a part of.\u201d', u'There were all sort of defensive mistakes \u2014 from Gardner and Carlos Beltran watching a ball drop between them to third baseman Chase Headley taking a bad-hop grounder in the groin that forced him to leave the game because he was nauseated. The insult that accompanied the injury was that it was already his career-high 14th error of the season.', u'Even Mark Teixeira\u2019s career-long errorless streak ended at 109.', u'Michael Pineda, who was supposed to be refreshed after getting a 10-day break between starts, instead looked out of sorts and was knocked out in the fifth inning, his shortest start of the season.', u'When Pineda left, it did not get better for the Yankees.', u'Jacob Lindgren allowed a home run for the second consecutive game, and Esmil Rogers \u2014 though he was not helped by his defense \u2014 gave up five hits in two innings.', u'Rogers, who has been woeful over the last month, was given his outright release after the game, but he has the option to accept an assignment to Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre or try his luck as a free agent.', u'The decision to skip Pineda\u2019s last turn in the rotation was a reasonable one, given his history of shoulder problems and his workload this year, when he was on pace to throw more than 200 innings. But he survived only four and a third innings, allowing nine hits and six runs (five earned).', u'The Orioles\u2019 big blow was a third-inning, three-run homer by Chris Davis, who entered the game 1 for 11 against Pineda.', u'Manager Joe Girardi said Pineda did not have much command of his slider, and Girardi did not dispute the idea that he had lost it with the long layoff.', u'\u201cIt could be. It could be,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cAs I said before, it was not something that we really wanted to do. But you\u2019re talking about a guy who hasn\u2019t thrown a lot of innings, and we don\u2019t want to blow him out by July. So it\u2019s a tough decision.\u201d', u'The night of frustration got off to an early start, when the Yankees failed to score after loading the bases with none out in the first against Ubaldo Jimenez.', u'One of the few bright spots came from the rookie Mason Williams, who started in center field and homered in his major league debut.', u'He also made two fine defensive plays, ranging to the warning track to run down a pair of long fly balls and showing off a strong arm \u2014 displays that demonstrated why General Manager Brian Cashman regards him as one of the best center fielders in the system.', u'Still, Williams was not immune from the mistakes that plagued his teammates, taking a poor angle on Caleb Joseph\u2019s liner into the left-center gap and allowing it to sail over his head.', u'Once a top prospect, Williams went home to Winter Park, Fla., last winter after hitting just .223 at Class AA Trenton, and he was determined to work on both his game and his head.', u'To that end, he spent most of his off-season getting in shape with a trainer in nearby Orlando who worked not only on developing his speed and his strength, but also on erasing the doubt that had seeped into his mind.', u'Williams received steady doses of encouragement, along with helpings of affirmation.', u'\u201cIt was like he woke up,\u201d his mother, Colleen, said. \u201cHe said, \u2018This is it, I\u2019m doing it.\u2019\xa0\u201c', u'The Yankees have called on a number of prospects this season when their starters have gone down with injuries: outfielder Slade Heathcott, second baseman Jose Pirela and pitchers Lindgren and Chase Whitley. Most have shown signs of promise, but only Lindgren has remained.', u'Williams was recalled Thursday because the Yankees needed an extra outfielder. They might have brought back Ramon Flores, who played well in left field but was sent down when the Yankees activated infielder Brendan Ryan. But they preferred Williams for his ability to play center field and their desire to rest Gardner.', u'What they certainly did not expect from Williams was any power.', u'In 235 plate appearances at Trenton and Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre, Williams did not hit a home run. But after striking out in his first at-bat, Williams drove a 1-0 pitch from Jimenez over the right-field wall for a two-run homer in the fourth inning.', u'As Williams coolly ran around the bases, his mother and younger brother, Kobe, along with several family friends, high-fived and hugged each other.', u'Williams\u2019s father, Derwin, a former N.F.L. receiver, was also in attendance.', u'\u201cPretty speechless,\u201d Williams said. \u201cI took it all in today and embraced it. I worked hard for this. I trust the things I do. I trust my game and I trust my game all around.\u201d', u'INSIDE PITCH', u'JACOBY ELLSBURY, who has been on the disabled list with a sprained right knee since May 20, worked out here early Friday afternoon at about 60 percent of full speed, according to JOE GIRARDI. Ellsbury will travel with the team to Miami on Monday and Tuesday, then probably head to the Yankees\u2019 complex in Tampa, Fla., for a short while before beginning a rehab assignment. BRIAN CASHMAN said it was likely that Ellsbury would return before the All-Star break. ... ALEX RODRIGUEZ had two hits, drawing within six of the 3,000-hit mark.']), ([u'Women\u2019s World Cup: U.S. Earns a Draw the Hard Way'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014 At 5 feet 2 inches, left back Meghan Klingenberg is the smallest player on the American women\u2019s national team, but she made probably the biggest play on Friday night to preserve a 0-0 tie with Sweden in the World Cup.', u'In the 77th minute, a looping shot from about 10 yards out by Caroline Seger of Sweden appeared that it would elude goalkeeper Hope Solo and provide the decisive goal in a taut, frantic match.', u'But Klingenberg stood on the goal line at the right post, jumped and headed the ball off the underside of the crossbar. The ball bounced downward, but did not cross the line, and the Americans remained atop their group with a win and a draw after two matches.', u'\u201cBrilliant,\u201d Coach Jill Ellis said of Klingenberg. \u201cBelieve it or not, we\u2019ve actually practiced that. All 5-foot-1 of her, you\u2019ve got to work on that occasionally. I think it was obviously a huge, huge defensive play.\u201d', u'The United States leads the so-called Group of Death. But the Americans will seek to play with urgency on Tuesday in an attempt to defeat Nigeria in Vancouver and win the group, thus avoiding a potential matchup with Brazil in the round of 16. A draw would also advance the Americans to the next round, though perhaps in a more precarious position.', u'Klingenberg\u2019s clearance was perhaps the most dramatic, rescuing play made by an American since Kristine Lilly headed a shot off the goal line in overtime against China in the final of the 1999 Women\u2019s World Cup, which was won by the United States on penalty kicks.', u'\u201cI was absolutely sure it was the winning goal,\u201d said Sweden\u2019s coach, Pia Sundhage, who led the United States to second place at the 2011 Women\u2019s World Cup and to gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Games before returning to her native country. \u201cI couldn\u2019t believe the fact it was bouncing out again.\u201d', u'Good fortune has mostly eluded Sweden in this tournament. It held a 2-0 lead at halftime against Nigeria in its opener but had to settle for a 3-3 draw. And, after a corner kick Friday, Seger\u2019s deft shot could not get past Klingenberg.', u'For the first time in a Women\u2019s World Cup, Hawk-Eye technology is being used to determine whether a ball crosses the goal line. Hedvig Lindahl, Sweden\u2019s goalkeeper, who was alert and impenetrable, thought a replay might prove that Seger had indeed scored the winning goal.', u'Standing in her own goal, Lindahl said she thought to herself, \u201cGoal line technology, come on, but apparently it wasn\u2019t so close after all.\u201d', u'Ellis tweaked the American lineup on Friday, moving Christen Press to forward from midfield, sitting Abby Wambach and starting Morgan Brian on the right wing.', u'Press scored on a splendid cutback pass from Sydney Leroux in ', u'. Pairing Leroux and Press upfront on Friday was an attempt to give the Americans more speed, flair and dynamism in attack. Wambach is the leading career scorer in international soccer with 182 goals, but she struggled heading the ball against Australia.', u'The lineup alteration did not produce results. Sweden remained organized and compact on defense, sitting deep, and Press and Leroux did not develop much chemistry.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t think it was as efficient as we needed it to be,\u201d Ellis said of the partnership. \u201cIn terms of quality looks and quality chances, I think we could have been better and more productive out of the two of them.\u201d', u'The American defense, though, remained as inviolable as Sweden\u2019s. Becky Sauerbrunn hustled to intercept a pass and smother a Swedish counterattack. Then, in the 68th minute, Wambach came on for Press to a loud cheer from many of the announced crowd of 32,716, most rooting for the Americans.', u'Sundhage said on Thursday that Wambach would have been a substitute, not a starter, if she had remained the American coach, so that Wambach, 35, \u201cwill last forever and forever and because she\u2019s good in the air.\u201d', u'There were players dependable for starting a game and for finishing a game, Sundhage said, adding: \u201cAbby is a player that will make the difference. I will have that in my back pocket and then throw her in and win the game.\u201d', u'In the 72nd minute, Wambach nearly did just that, much to Sundhage\u2019s frustration, but her diving header was palmed over the crossbar by Lindahl. The game grew increasingly frantic. In the 77th minute, Sweden got its best chance off a corner kick, but the shot by Seger was headed off the crossbar to safety by Klingenberg, who moved to the far post as Solo slid toward the near post.', u'The Americans had been rehearsing their defense of set pieces, Klingenberg said, \u201cbecause we know they can win or lose World Cups and games in the World Cup. So this is something we\u2019ve been practicing all week. And I know when Hope slides across, I need to slide in and make sure I\u2019m covering the line.\u201d', u'She was just doing her job, Klingenberg insisted, just as Lilly did in 1999.', u'\u201cLuckily, I got a head on it and it went out,\u201d Klingenberg said. \u201cI guess when you\u2019re this short, you have to be able to make up for it somehow.\u201d']), ([u'U.S. Soccer Defends Actions in Hope Solo Case'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  The United States Soccer Federation, under intensifying scrutiny for its handling of a case involving domestic violence accusations against goalkeeper Hope Solo, on Friday mounted a detailed defense of its actions and of its decision not to suspend Solo from the national team for the current Women\u2019s World Cup.', u'The federation said that as part of its investigation it had obtained part of a police report of the episode and had interviewed Solo but did not suspend her, in part, because it believed the statements made by the relatives she was accused of assaulting were inconsistent.', u'The federation acknowledged that it did not interview Solo\u2019s half sister and nephew, who accused her of assault in a scuffle last June, because Solo vehemently denied attacking them and because her relatives were likely to contradict her statements, leaving federation officials facing what they called a \u201che said, she said situation.\u201d', u'Instead, and on the advice of counsel, the federation let the criminal charges play out, Sunil Gulati, president of U.S. Soccer, wrote in a letter Friday to Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut. Gulati\u2019s letter was in response to ', u', who excoriated the federation for its \u201cfailure to take adequate action to investigate\u201d the accusations of misdemeanor domestic violence.', u'Gulati\u2019s letter, a copy of which was obtained by The New York Times, did not address why the United States team chose to continue using Solo as its starting goalkeeper rather than benching her until the matter was resolved.', u'Misdemeanor ', u' on procedural grounds, when the accusers failed to cooperate with attempts by the defense to interview them and were considered by a judge to have interfered with Solo\u2019s right to due process. Prosecutors have filed an appeal. A hearing is scheduled for September, according to news reports.', u'A report last Sunday by the ESPN program \u201cOutside the Lines\u201d said there had been no apparent effort by U.S. Soccer to contact the police or prosecutors. Blumenthal referred to the ESPN report in the letter he wrote to the federation on Thursday, but U.S. Soccer challenged some of the ESPN report\u2019s accusations.', u'Any suggestion that the federation did not attempt to obtain a police report was inaccurate, Gulati wrote, saying the federation made a public records request after the episode and received a partial and redacted report. Gulati also noted that a supplemental police report obtained by ESPN was not given to the federation and has now been sealed by the presiding judge.', u'Given the appeals process accorded to athletes in Olympic-related sports and the collective bargaining agreement of the women\u2019s national team, Gulati wrote, Solo could not be suspended without first being able to call witnesses and going through binding arbitration.', u'Under the applicable statutes, he wrote, the soccer federation \u201ccould not then and cannot now simply prevent an otherwise qualified athlete from participating in an international competition like the Women\u2019s World Cup.\u201d', u'Gulati also hinted that Solo could face further punishment, saying that the federation was investigating ESPN\u2019s reporting that Solo had been abusive in her behavior toward police officers after being arrested. Gulati said the version of the report U.S. Soccer received did not include any mention of Solo\u2019s conduct after the arrest.', u'Gulati added, \u201cRest assured, the federation considers domestic and family violence a very serious matter.\u201d', u'Friday\u2019s defense by U.S. Soccer came only days after a federation spokesman declined to give any details about the investigation into the Solo case.', u'The federation came under widespread criticism for promoting Solo last summer as she set a team record for shutouts while facing assault charges. U.S. Soccer has also faced enormous criticism for appearing to lack urgency in its investigation of the episode. It did not make public comments about the accusations for several months.', u'Some have accused federation officials of giving preferable treatment to a star player. Solo is considered by many to be the world\u2019s best female goalkeeper.', u'In a separate incident, Solo was ', u' in January after her husband, the former N.F.L. tight end Jerramy Stevens, was charged with driving under the influence while operating a team van in Southern California. Solo was a passenger in the vehicle but was not charged.', u'The misdemeanor charges against Solo happened against a backdrop of heated debate about domestic violence, in the wake of the N.F.L. player Ray Rice\u2019s punching his fianc\xe9e in an elevator at an Atlantic City casino.', u'In his Friday letter, Gulati wrote that the Rice and Solo cases were different. Rice, he said, admitted punching the woman he later married, and there was indisputable video evidence, but the Solo case involves contradictory accounts.', u'In his letter to Gulati, Blumenthal called the federation\u2019s approach to the Solo case \u201cat best superficial and at worst dangerously neglectful and self-serving.\u201d', u'Blumenthal urged U.S. Soccer to conduct a thorough investigation, including a comprehensive review of police reports and interviews of Solo\u2019s half sister and nephew. He also said the federation should reconsider Solo\u2019s place on the team, writing that it \u201csends exactly the wrong message\u201d to start her in goal as boys and girls tune in to see their role models play in the World Cup.', u'Calling domestic violence a \u201chorrific scourge,\u201d Blumenthal wrote that it was \u201cintolerable particularly for an athlete representing the United States of America on the global stage.\u201d', u'Solo has declined to discuss the topic at the World Cup, answering questions only about soccer after making three superb saves in a 3-1 victory by the United States over Australia here on Monday.', u'On Thursday, Pia Sundhage, the Swedish coach who formerly led the United States to gold medals at the 2008 Beijing Olympics and the 2012 London Games, as well as a second-place finish at the 2011 World Cup, called Solo a \u201cpiece of work.\u201d', u'\u201cThings happen around her,\u201d Sundhage said at a news conference, referring to Solo\u2019s troubles away from soccer. On the field, though, Sundhage suggested that Solo\u2019s talent made it worth keeping her on the team.', u'\u201cShe is the best goalkeeper in the world,\u201d Sundhage said. \u201cSo why wouldn\u2019t you try to make her happy?\u201d']), ([u'In College, Big Hits Are Back, Back, Back '], [u'OMAHA \u2014  The American flag in center field at TD Ameritrade Park hung limp when Rhett Wiseman, the junior right fielder for Vanderbilt, the defending College World Series champion, stepped in on Friday afternoon for his turn in batting practice. Ten minutes later, the left-handed-hitting Wiseman counted six balls that had cleared the fence in right and right-center.', u'Last year, Wiseman said, the higher-seamed baseballs used by the N.C.A.A. never would have traveled that far. \u201cProbably off the fence, if it even gets there,\u201d he said.', u'Players from all eight teams at the Series, which begins Saturday, noticed the same thing in their turns at bat Friday. The switch this season to a baseball with slightly lower seams, which flies farther, leaves coaches, players and N.C.A.A. officials encouraged that home runs here will increase after two years of record-setting lows.', u'\u201cThe home run is another thing we hope to see back in the game this year,\u201d said Damani Leech, the N.C.A.A.\u2019s baseball director.', u'The new ball was introduced to counteract the drastic drop in the offense that came with less potent aluminum bats in 2011 \u2014 the same year the Series moved from quaint Rosenblatt Stadium on the outskirts of the city to TD Ameritrade downtown.', u'Too much offense, and concern over the safety of pitchers, persuaded the N.C.A.A. to change the bats in 2011. A measure was implemented to make aluminum bats perform more like wood. Game times decreased, but so did scoring and home runs.', u'C.W.S. teams slugged 32 home runs at Rosenblatt Stadium in 2010. That was seven more than TD Ameritrade, with identical outfield dimensions, yielded over its first four seasons combined. The three homers hit at the Series in 2013, and matched last year, were the fewest since aluminum bats came into use in 1974.', u'Last year it took nine games before C. J. Hinojosa of Texas finally hit the tournament\u2019s first homer. The composite .214 batting average by all teams was the lowest since 1972.', u'The offensive downturn alarmed coaches nationwide, although the bat was not the only reason. Rosenblatt was built on a hill, and the prevailing wind blew out. At TD Ameritrade, the wind often blows in, knocking down well-hit balls in the alleys and straightaway center.', u'Minnesota Coach John Anderson, who pushed for the new standard while serving on the N.C.A.A. Division I baseball committee, wished it had had more time to study its effects before the stadium opened. \u201cWe would have designed the stadium with shorter dimensions in left-center, center and right-center,\u201d Anderson said.', u'The power falloff was not limited to Omaha. Regular-season home runs per game last year sank to 0.39, the lowest since the N.C.A.A. began keeping records. Bold outfielders with the speed to run down balls over their heads played shallower, cutting off singles and reducing scoring further.', u'\u201cFor a few years, the field was playing like a softball field,\u201d said Coach Rick Vanderhook of California State Fullerton. \u201cWhen you\u2019ve got good athletes, they can cover the whole softball field. Hits were at a premium.\u201d', u'The seam height on the new ball, though only 0.015 of an inch less than that of the old one, is enough to cause a significant reduction in drag. The Washington State University Sport Science Laboratory, which specializes in bat and ball dynamics, found that the lower-seamed ball flew about 20 feet farther on average in 2013 testing.', u'Performance suggests the change achieved its objective. Regular-season home runs rose to 0.58 per game, according to the N.C.A.A. Teams combined for 135 home runs in N.C.A.A. regional and super-regional play, or 0.56 per game, a jump of more than one-third over last season (84, 0.34 per game).', u'\u201cIf you hit it well, you should get rewarded for it,\u201d said the Vanderbilt junior shortstop Dansby Swanson, the most outstanding player at last year\u2019s Series and the first overall pick in the major league amateur draft, by Arizona. \u201cI think that\u2019s what is happening this year.\u201d Swanson led the Commodores with 15 homers after hitting only three last season.', u'Scoring rose as well, to 5.44 runs per game in the regular season from 5.08, reversing a recent trend. Curiously, so did strikeouts by pitchers, who discovered they could throw the new ball harder and snap sharper breaking pitches. Before Iowa lost in regional play, Hawkeyes Coach Rick Heller said he had never seen as many pitchers hit 95 miles per hour on the radar gun as he did this season.', u'\u201cI think the biggest thing, quite frankly, is our pitchers enjoy throwing it more,\u201d said Louisiana State Coach Paul Mainieri, whose pitching staff struck out 93 more batters than it did last year. \u201cThere are no blisters. They get a little bit more movement, maybe even a little more velocity.\u201d', u'Mainieri said he preferred an even livelier ball, but that is unlikely. Craig Keilitz, executive director of the American Baseball Coaches Association, said a survey of members showed that 81.8 percent opposed further equipment changes. Vanderbilt Coach Tim Corbin feels the N.C.A.A. has achieved its goal.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019s created a little more harmony between offense and defense,\u201d he said. \u201cTo be honest with you, it\u2019s a good game right now. I like the way it\u2019s played.\u201d']), ([u'Plea Deal in Case Tied to Derek Boogaard\u2019s Death'], [u'Oscar Johnson, a former medical assistant for hockey\u2019s minor league Utah Grizzlies, may have never met Derek Boogaard, the deceased N.H.L. left wing. But Johnson has agreed to plead guilty in a case involving painkillers he prescribed that may have ended up in the hands of Boogaard shortly before his death.', u'Johnson will plead guilty to one of the 27 counts he faced when he was indicted in September, according to a motion and a copy of the proposed agreement that his lawyer filed in United States District Court in Manhattan on Friday.', u'The count involves a single prescription for Percocet written by Johnson in 2009.', u'Johnson was indicted along with Jordan Hart, a former Grizzlies player who has been accused of selling pain pills to Boogaard.', u'If the deal is approved, other charges against Johnson will be dropped, the proposed agreement shows. The document, which is dated in January, indicates that both sides have agreed that the federal advisory guidelines call for a sentence in the range of 30 to 37 months.', u'Nathan A. Crane, Johnson\u2019s lawyer, said that his client \u201cwants to take responsibility for the mistake that he made\u201d and that Johnson \u201cdid not know that Mr. Hart was diverting the controlled substance he was receiving.\u201d', u'Crane added that his client \u201cthought that he was treating Mr. Hart for a legitimate shoulder injury that he sustained while playing hockey in Utah.\u201d', u'The agreement has neither been signed by the prosecutors nor approved by the judge, Naomi Reice Buchwald. A spokeswoman for Preet Bharara, the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, declined to comment.', u'Prosecutors had alleged that Johnson, of Salt Lake City, routinely wrote prescriptions for Percocet to Hart. From 2009 to 2011, he prescribed Hart nearly 3,000 pills, although Hart was no longer playing for the Grizzlies and was living in New York at the time.', u'Hart, the indictment charged, sold some of those pills to Boogaard, a ', u' player who died in May 2011 of an accidental overdose of alcohol and oxycodone, the active ingredient in Percocet.', u'Hart was charged with one count of conspiracy to distribute and possess with intent to distribute oxycodone. If convicted, he could face up to 20 years in prison.', u'Hart is the son of the former N.H.L. player Gerry Hart, who played seven seasons in the 1970s as a defenseman for the Islanders.', u'\u201cWe are still discussing with the government a fair resolution of my client\u2019s case,\u201d Hart\u2019s lawyer, Robert P. LaRusso, said in an email. \u201cUnfortunately, I cannot at this time mention the specific aspects of the negotiations.\u201d']), ([u'John Derr, Chronicler of Golf, Dies at 97'], [u'John Derr, who reported from the Masters golf tournament 62 times and was part of the CBS team when the event was televised for the first time, in 1956, died June 6 at his home in Pinehurst, N.C. He was 97.', u'His daughter, Cricket Gentry, said he had apparently died of a heart attack while watching the ', u' on television. She went to his house after the race, in which American Pharoah captured the ', u', and found him in his chair in front of the TV.', u'\u201cIt was like he had stood up and said, \u2018Hooray!\u2019 and then fell over,\u201d said Ms. Gentry, who is a paramedic.', u'Mr. Derr covered the Masters for CBS from 1956 to 1982. According to Golf Digest, he was a 17-year-old reporter for The Gaston Gazette in North Carolina when he went to a college football game and sat next to the sportswriter O. B. Keeler, who suggested he attend a new spring tournament at Augusta National Golf Club hosted by Bobby Jones.', u'Mr. Derr went to the second Masters, in 1935, the year Gene Sarazen shot a 2 on the par-5 15th hole, helping to put the Masters on the map. Along the way, Mr. Derr forged relationships with some of golf\u2019s giants, including Ben Hogan, Sam Snead and Byron Nelson. He wrote about his encounters in his third book, \u201cMy Place at the Table: Stories of Golf and Life,\u201d published in 2010.', u'In an interview with Golf Digest, Mr. Derr told of seeing Albert Einstein taking his daily walk along the golf course at Princeton. He asked Einstein if he had ever played the game, he recalled, and Einstein replied: \u201cI tried once. Too complicated.\u201d']), ([u'Teenager Hopes to Skip School, of the Golf Variety'], [u'HARRISON, N.Y. \u2014  The Henderson family experienced failure last week. Before arriving at the Manulife ', u' Classic a few hours from their home in Ontario, Brooke Henderson and her father, Dave, had talked about the goal they wanted to hit during the week. Dad is the caddie and, knowing his daughter\u2019s game as he does, said that three under par would be ideal. Brooke agreed.', u'Through the first 36 holes of the event, Brooke Henderson shot three under. But last week\u2019s cut was the lowest in tour history, and she missed it by a stroke.', u'\u201cIt totally caught us off guard,\u201d Dave Henderson said. \u201cIt was one of those things where we were successful \u2014 but were we? We took a look at our goals and decided to reassess what was successful.\u201d', u'He was recounting this story Friday while standing on the back-patio area behind Westchester Country Club\u2019s pro shop in the early afternoon. Behind him was a small, hand-operated leaderboard for the Women\u2019s P.G.A. Championship, where the volunteers had just finished putting \u201cHenderson\u201d up in the second position with a two-day score of six under. Brooke is two strokes back in just her third career major championship.', u'She is 17 years old.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t really think age has much to do with it,\u201d she said. \u201cI think it\u2019s more about the experience. Even Lydia Ko has said that before \u2014 that it\u2019s experience, not so much the age. I think we don\u2019t have a lot of fear. That\u2019s one of my mottos I try to stick with, is \u2018no fear.\u2019 And just try to be aggressive and play my own game.\u201d', u'Henderson is not even a full-time member of the L.P.G.A. Tour, which requires members to be at least 18. She will not celebrate her birthday until Oct. 9. Her family petitioned for a waiver that would have permitted her to try to qualify through the L.P.G.A.\u2019s Q-School, but the Hendersons were rebuffed.', u'The only way she can qualify for full-time status and bypass Q-School is to finish the season in the top 40 on the money list. So far she has earned $184,745, playing in seven events. Last season on tour, the player who finished 40th earned $447,658.', u'For now, Henderson must rely on sponsor exemptions \u2014 she has one for this week \u2014 or getting into the field through Monday qualifiers. But she can use only six exemptions in a single season, and the Women\u2019s P.G.A. Championship is her fifth. (Her last exemption will be the Canadian Pacific Women\u2019s Open at the end of August.)', u'She has qualified for the United States Women\u2019s Open next month and is working toward an exemption for the Women\u2019s British Open, but that will not count toward her tour number.', u'That means a victory this weekend, when the winner will earn $525,000, would all but cement her status on tour for next season.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re being told that she has to win to get on the L.P.G.A.,\u201d her father said. \u201cSo we\u2019re going to try and do that. But it\u2019s a major. They\u2019re going to make it tough.\u201d', u'The field will not make Henderson\u2019s task any easier. During a second round in which the friendly scoring conditions from the first day had disappeared, Sei Young Kim shot five under in the afternoon to hold the lead at eight under par.', u'The 40-year-old Karrie Webb \u2014 a seven-time major winner \u2014 and the event\u2019s two-time defending champion, Inbee Park, both sit at seven under. Stacy Lewis, ranked No. 3, is tied with Jenny Shin at five under.', u'\u201cI just love the variety of people we have on the leaderboard,\u201d Lewis said. \u201cYou\u2019ve got Karrie, who is 40, and then you\u2019ve got a bunch of 17-year-olds chasing her, and I\u2019m somewhere in the middle. It\u2019s pretty cool to see just how the game of golf is ageless, really.\u201d', u'It just will not allow a player in through the front door unless she has reached a magic number.', u'For Henderson, a win at Westchester and the tournament\u2019s first-place prize money would go a long way toward making sure she is a fixture on the L.P.G.A. Tour. So Henderson, just as she did after missing the cut last week, is readjusting her goal.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s really exciting seeing my name up there with Stacy Lewis and Karrie Webb and all the big names,\u201d she said. \u201cIt\u2019s awesome. I think I just have to stay patient, stay consistent and keep working on my game, and I think good things will happen.\u201d']), ([u'Lightning Rookie\xa0Andrei Vasilevskiy Steps Up Confidently'], [u'BRANDON, Fla. \u2014  The ', u' conducted practice as usual on Friday but without their starting goalie, Ben Bishop. Their highly skilled forwards shared and carried the puck with ease, knifed past defenders and launched shot after shot.', u'Now and then one sneaked past Andrei Vasilevskiy, Bishop\u2019s backup, and, per tradition, the forwards raised their arms, howled and celebrated in raucous fashion. As practice wore on, though, and the shots kept going in, the celebrations seemed to become more subdued. The Lightning did not seem to want to shake his confidence.', u'With Bishop dealing with an undisclosed injury, Vasilevskiy started and ', u' of the Stanley Cup finals against the Chicago Blackhawks, who tied the best-of-seven series at 2-2. Bishop\u2019s status is so uncertain that the Lightning will probably have to rely on Vasilevskiy again in some capacity.', u'After practice, the Lightning insisted they were still unsure which goalie would start Game 5 on Saturday at Amalie Arena. Lightning Coach Jon Cooper indicated that he would not know until the morning skate whether Bishop would play.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re going to play the guy that gives us the best chance to win the game, whoever that guy is,\u201d Cooper said. \u201cIs that gauged on a percentage basis of how Bish is healthy? I don\u2019t know if I can say that. If Ben Bishop can play a game, he\u2019s playing.\u201d', u'When Vasilevskiy entered the locker room, a Lightning employee had to lead a path to his stall through the news media horde. Then another staff member asked everyone to back up so Vasilevskiy would have enough room to undress. The same staff member then said they would wait for an interpreter before starting the interview.', u'Vasilevskiy, a 20-year-old rookie from Russia, has played in only 20 N.H.L. games, postseason included, and is still adjusting to the spotlight.', u'But instead of hiding, he convinced the employee that he could speak on his own. He had one strict exception: no cameras. Writers could fix his English, he said, and for about eight minutes, he answered questions calmly, with a dash of unintended humor.', u'Vasilevskiy said he had dreamed about playing in games of this magnitude. When asked, he gave his height, in centimeters (192 or 193, about 6 feet 3 inches), presumably so he could be compared with Bishop, who at 6-7 is the tallest goalie in the league. Vasilevskiy paused when asked which goalies he admired growing up. Nobody, he said at first.', u'\u201cI like how Bish plays,\u201d he added, drawing laughter. \u201cSeriously. He\u2019s unbelievable.\u201d', u'Vasilevskiy\u2019s teammates and coaches know him for his humility and his work ethic \u2014 qualities they like seeing in a young backup goalie. They noticed his riding the stationary bike or working with Frantz Jean, the goalie coach, after practice.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s got a mental maturity and a hockey maturity,\u201d Jean said. \u201cFor a 20-year-old, he picks up details and nuances about players, about certain plays teams might run.\u201d', u'Vasilevskiy may not be as experienced as Bishop, or as deft a puck handler, but he is known among his teammates for his ', u'. Bishop said of Vasilevskiy a few weeks ago, \u201cHe\u2019s definitely more flexible than me.\u201d That has never been more true than now for those who witnessed Bishop\u2019s limited mobility in ', u'in Chicago on Monday.', u'Vasilevskiy does yoga poses, contorting his body into pretzel-like shapes. His teammates marvel that he can do a full split, his thighs flat to the floor. He views it as a way to prepare his body to make acrobatic saves, the type of saves that Bishop, at his size, might not be able to make, even when he is fully healthy.', u'\u201cIf you can do a split on the ground,\u201d Vasilevskiy said, \u201cyou can in the game.\u201d', u'The Lightning showed confidence in him when Bishop was injured because they had seen the splits, the work behind the scenes.', u'\u201cJust give us a chance,\u201d Jean told Vasilevskiy before Game 4, and he did. He held the Blackhawks to two goals, but the Lightning\u2019s highly skilled forwards managed only one.', u'\u201cThe last two days I\u2019ve had more fun than all season,\u201d Vasilevskiy said, grinning wide. Then, as if to remove all doubt, he said in clear English, \u201cI\u2019m very excited.\u201d', u'In his locker at Amalie Arena, Vasilevskiy keeps a depiction of Andrei Rublev, a Russian artist who was canonized by the ', u'. When Vasilevskiy was asked why, he indicated that it was too difficult for him to explain in English. The connection seemed fitting, though. Rublev is known for having painted cathedrals, and he usually made his subjects look calm and peaceful.']), ([u'2015 Women\u2019s World Cup: Switzerland Routs Ecuador'], [u'Fabienne Humm and Ramona Bachmann each scored three times in the second half as SWITZERLAND routed ECUADOR, 10-1, in Vancouver. Eseosa Aigbogun and Martina Moser added goals for Switzerland. Angie Ponce scored Ecuador\u2019s first World Cup goal.', u'Kyah Simon scored twice to lead AUSTRALIA to a 2-0 victory over NIGERIA in Winnipeg. Simon put Australia ahead, 1-0, in the 29th minute. She then put away a cross from Samantha Kerr in the 68th minute.', u'Fabienne Humm scored three goals within six minutes \u2014 in the 47th, the 49th and the 52nd \u2014 as Switzerland coasted to its first Cup victory.', u'MEXICO Coach Leonardo Cu\xe9llar criticized the standard of refereeing at the Cup, saying he hoped Mexico\u2019s match Saturday against ENGLAND would be fairer than its opener. Cu\xe9llar was furious after a stoppage time goal was disallowed in a 1-1 draw against Colombia, costing Mexico its first Cup win.', u'FRANCE will look to lock up first place in its group when it plays COLOMBIA in Moncton on Saturday. The French entered as one of the favorites, and their 1-0 win over England did little to dispel that impression: They completed 80 percent of their passes and took 16 of the game\u2019s 19 shots. \u201cI don\u2019t know if it\u2019s as good as it gets,\u201d the captain Wendie Renard said of the team\u2019s mood, \u201cbut it certainly can\u2019t be far off.\u201d', u'In Montreal, BRAZIL will play SPAIN in what could be another record-setting \u2014 or rather record-extending \u2014 night for Marta, inset. Her penalty kick in the opener against South Korea was her 15th World Cup goal, breaking the career mark, but it would not be a surprise if she got another one (or two) against Spain, a World Cup newcomer.']), ([u'LeBron James\u2019s \u2018Slight\u2019 Headache a Big Deal in the N.B.A. Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014 ', u' called it a \u201cslight\u201d headache, though nothing involving the game\u2019s best player is ever minor.', u'So when James got a cut on his head after falling into a TV camera in Game 4 of the N.B.A. Finals, it led to questions about how the N.B.A. treats head injuries and whether someone taking pictures should be close enough to cause one.', u'The league tried to deal with both issues long before Thursday night.', u'Baseline photography positions were already reduced last summer, and a concussion protocol was previously put in place. But according to the league\u2019s policy, a cut on the head alone is not a trigger for it.', u'The protocol requires concussion evaluation when a player is suspected of having a concussion or exhibits signs or symptoms of one. Based on the player\u2019s response, teams make the clinical judgment call whether to evaluate.', u'James was bleeding but not showing concussion symptoms. He was thinking clearly, saying he was aware he needed to stay in the game to shoot his free throws after being fouled by Andrew Bogut, or he would not have been able to re-enter, according to league rules.', u'\u201cNo, I didn\u2019t have to go through any concussion protocol,\u201d James said at his postgame news conference. \u201cI had a slight headache, which I think every last one of you guys would probably have if you ran into a camera. You might have a little bit more than that.', u'\u201cBut I didn\u2019t go through any protocol. I\u2019m fine. Like I said, I got a few stitches and I got a little slight headache right now, but I\u2019ll be fine with that.\u201d', u'The Warriors dealt with the concussion questions in their last series. Both Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson suffered head injuries in the Western Conference finals, with Thompson diagnosed with a concussion after their Game 5 victory over Houston and having to be cleared to play in the N.B.A. Finals.', u'Commissioner Adam Silver said last week that he was confident in the league\u2019s protocol and in the way it was followed with the Warriors.', u'\u201cRight now we talked to the other leagues,\u201d Silver said. \u201cWe\u2019ve talked to medical advisers everywhere about the best way to approach this. As I said, we think the best way we\u2019re approaching it now is best in class in terms of medical and science information that\u2019s available to us. But we\u2019ll continue to look at it.\u201d', u'The league had already been looking at player safety behind the baselines over the previous five years.', u'New rules last summer mandated an extra foot of open space on both sides of the basket stanchion. The \u201cescape lanes,\u201d the unoccupied area on either side of the stanchion to the closest photographer spot, increased from 3 to 4 feet, and only 20 camera positions, 10 on each baseline, remained, down from 24 in 2013-14 and 40 during the 2010-11 regular season.', u'Social media was already flooded with cries to move the photographers further even before James\u2019s bleeding had stopped. But at least one person seems to believe enough space had already been created.', u'Bogut claimed James\u2019 actions after the foul caused the injury.', u'\u201cI think he jumped into the cameraman,\u201d Bogut said. \u201cI think he came down and took two steps and then fell on the cameraman.\u201d']), ([u'Warriors\u2019 Andre Iguodala Re-emerges in His Season of Sacrifice'], [u'With the intricately structured salary cap in the N.B.A., depth is a luxury most teams cannot afford. The value of having options beyond your superstars was on full display in Game 4 of the N.B.A. finals on Thursday night when ', u' led the Golden State Warriors to a road win that evened the series at two games apiece.', u'For the short-handed ', u', who have endured devastating injuries to Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love, Golden State\u2019s ability to insert Iguodala, a former All-Star still in his physical prime, into the starting lineup had to be demoralizing.', u'The talk in the N.B.A. finals about Iguodala had been of his sacrificing his starting spot for the good of the team. By dominating on both ends of the floor and guiding Golden State to ', u' ', u', he changed the conversation.', u'Iguodala had come off the bench in his previous 95 games this season after never having done so in his first 10 N.B.A. seasons, including last season with Golden State. But in Game 4 he started in place of Andrew Bogut, and he had 22 points and 8 rebounds.', u'Iguodala\u2019s impact was far greater than that; two breakaway dunks and a few key 3-pointers helped add some bounce that had been missing from the Warriors\u2019 step in this series. On the defensive end, he continued to keep the ', u'\u2019 ', u' honest despite being frequently asked to guard him one-on-one.', u'Warriors Coach Steve Kerr, who acknowledged that he had lied when he said he would stay with the lineup that he had started in Games 1 to 3, preserving the team\u2019s element of surprise, said the decision to go small and start Iguodala was easy.', u'\u201cI mean, he looks great out there,\u201d Kerr said. \u201cHe\u2019s been our best player through four games.\u201d', u'To those who adhere to basketball\u2019s increasingly complex statistics, Iguodala\u2019s emergence in the finals may come as a surprise. A glance at his season shows averages of only 7.8 points, 3.3 rebounds and 3 assists a game. Advanced statistics do not paint a prettier picture: His player efficiency rating of 12.3 was well below the league average of 15, and his 0.117 win shares per 48 minutes ranked 12th on his team.', u'But close watchers understand that if there is an argument against statistics as the final word on basketball evaluation, it should include Iguodala, who befuddles defenses by being able to split the lane and dunk over a center as well as knock down a 3-pointer over the hands of a leaping guard. His presence opens space on the court for the team\u2019s talented shooters, and he consistently looks for an open teammate before considering a shot for himself.', u'On defense, his sacrifices come into play even more. The Warriors have largely abandoned the tactic of double-teaming James, an almost unstoppable force. James responded in the finals with some of the best raw statistics of his career, but at great effort, and in Game 4, Iguodala seemed to have worn down his bigger opponent, reminiscent of the rope-a-dope strategy by Muhammad Ali that so effectively toppled George Foreman.', u'\u201cThe guy is brilliant at both ends,\u201d Kerr said of Iguodala. \u201cHe sees the game. If he wants to coach someday, he\u2019d be a great coach.\u201d', u'Few would look forward to the idea of guarding James, especially when working with a drastic size disadvantage \u2014 the rosters list Iguodala as 6 feet 6 inches and 215 pounds, and James as 6-8 and 250 \u2014 but Iguodala, who has been asked to guard James throughout his career, has yet to back down.', u'\u201cI think he likes the challenge of his matchup,\u201d Warriors guard Stephen Curry said.', u'Iguodala said the biggest problem guarding James was not his size but his broad skill set.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s probably one of the smartest and best passers out of all the scorers, which really makes him dynamic,\u201d Iguodala said. \u201cBut the foundation is the same. Make him work as hard as possible. Make him take tough shots.\u201d', u'The roots of Iguodala\u2019s sacrifice may be found in the struggles his teams endured over his first 10 N.B.A. seasons. In Philadelphia, his 76ers teams were a combined 300-340 and got out of the first round of the playoffs only once. A complicated trade landed him on the Denver Nuggets in 2012, and although the team had regular-season success (57-25), it was eliminated by the Warriors in the first round.', u'A sign-and-trade deal sent Iguodala to Golden State. He is paid as a star \u2014 his $12.3 million salary this season is the third highest on the Warriors \u2014 but he seemed to understand immediately that he was not the focal point of the team and would have to adjust his style to create opportunities rather than capitalize on them.', u'As for whether he has been the best player in the finals, Iguodala was quick to say that the team\u2019s stars, Klay Thompson and Curry, always made their teammates better, even when they were not at their best.', u'\u201cAs we get older and mature and play this game, great players like that understand, maybe it\u2019s not my night, but someone else is going to have a huge game because of me,\u201d Iguodala said of Curry and Thompson.', u'With Iguodala consistently sacrificing his playing time and statistics for the good of the team, Curry and Thompson have an excellent role model for that approach to the game. But much to Cleveland\u2019s chagrin, Iguodala has reminded the basketball world that when the team needs him to stop sacrificing and start producing, he is still far more than a role player.']), ([u'Hope Fills the 7 Train. The Next Stop: Reality.'], [u'I fielded the phone call in late afternoon: The ', u' are in first place, the world champion San Francisco Giants are in town, and we have our blond Viking strikeout machine, Noah Syndergaard, on the mound.', u'Be there, aloha.', u'Soon enough I was swinging off the No. 7 subway to join my sons, Aidan and Nick, at Citi Field, where the temperature danced in the 70s and the field was a radiant green.', u'Alas, Thor \u2014 as Syndergaard is nicknamed \u2014 lasted six ragged innings, bested by Chris Heston, a slow-throwing Loki the Trickster of a pitcher. ', u' against the ', u'\u2019 hapless collection of batters. We tried the next night, too, watching the Mets\u2019 Dark Knight take on the Giants. For five innings, ', u'.', u'Then the Giants\u2019 hitters drew a bead on his 98-mile-per-hour fastballs, and Batman ran for cover.', u'The Mets tossed down an 11-game winning streak in April, giving all concerned a contention hallucination. That streak aside, the Mets have gone a less-than-illustrious 21-29.', u'To be a Mets fan is to exist in tension between hope and the muscle memory of much disappointment. Even in the wake of ', u' to salvage the last of three games with the Giants, questions arise about our Mets.', u'This team is decidedly more talented than in past years, and more resilient. Injuries, however, have cast a long shadow across the best player, David Wright; a fine young pitcher, Zack Wheeler; and the starting catcher, Travis d\u2019Arnaud, to name just three of too many. You can add the closer, Jenrry Mejia, who decided to go retro and sample an old-fashioned steroid and earned a half-season suspension.', u'The Mets\u2019 remaining young pitchers are hard-throwing horses. But ESPN documentary hype to the side, we may have grown too sanguine about Harvey\u2019s return from elbow surgery. He cleared a great hurdle when he marched out to the mound in spring training and threw hard.', u', replacement of the elbow tendon is a very serious operation. An awful lot of pitchers, even talented, willful sorts, struggle mightily to return to form.', u'Stephen Strasburg has hacked about for the Washington Nationals, and now Harvey is frowning at pitches that will not go where he insists they go.', u'These young men lost a year of honing their craft. Now they try to discover what their arms can do. Can they still make a fastball hop, a curveball dive?', u'The anxiety distracts from the daily classroom that is the life of a young pitcher.', u'On Wednesday, Harvey appeared to muscle his pitches rather than pitch. He would throw 97, then nod at his catcher, rear, and zip the next one at 98 m.p.h.', u'Here\u2019s the problem: If a major league hitter knows that 98 m.p.h. is coming, he\u2019ll eventually slap it silly. That is what Giants catcher Buster Posey did when Harvey tried to sneak a two-strike fastball by. Whap. It landed at the end of a rope in right field, and a run scored.', u'Syndergaard had absorbed his remedial lesson a night earlier. He threw BBs, cracking triple figures on the radar gun. \u201cI felt I had some of the best stuff I\u2019ve had in my entire life,\u201d he told reporters.', u'Velocity isn\u2019t pitching; he gave up 10 hits. None of this should prompt fans to rend their Mets jerseys. If he follows a normal pitching developmental arc and can avoid that damnable Tommy John surgery, Syndergaard could be a very fine pitcher in a year.', u'Which leads me to an ancillary thought: The Mets\u2019 general manager, ', u', has a book declaring him a baseball genius, not to mention the man who revived the Mets, all without any of his Mets teams finishing with even a .500 record. He has made astute trades, particularly in picking up d\u2019Arnaud and Syndergaard, and restocked the franchise\u2019s minor league teams with talent.', u'Who am I to question him?', u'Except his organization remains painfully short of men who can productively swing a bat, or even bunt and run, as the Giants did so well. You wonder about his roster management. On Wednesday night, Eric Campbell, who is filling in gamely at third base, suffered a whiplash blow to his neck and head. (Oddly, the Mets decided not to test him for a concussion.)', u'He fell to the turf. This was dreadful and scary for the team \u2014 the Mets did not have a single spare infielder on their major league roster that night. (They have veteran infielders at their Las Vegas affiliate; perhaps the Mets find themselves running short on frequent-flier miles?)', u'\u201cWorst-case scenario,\u201d Manager Terry Collins told the news media, \u201cMichael Cuddyer has played playoff games at second.\u201d', u'That was the sound of a manager left strategically stripped naked by his general manager.', u'Defense remains a puzzlement. A young pitcher\u2019s psyche is a fragile vessel, and the failure to record easy outs can crack it in two. In Juan Lagares, the fleet and artful center fielder, the Mets appear to have found their man. But their corner outfielders have reached their mid-30s, which is to describe AARP status in baseball terms.', u'The infield defense is a nightly wince. Wilmer Flores has a sweet swing. But the hole between third base and shortstop remains the abyss.', u'At third base, Campbell plays so far back that a double-play grounder is more theory than reality.', u'A dive into the metrics chest yields the discovery that second baseman Ruben Tejada has the range of a Central Park statue. He tends to set up on the lip of the outfield. Against the Giants, he faced a two-minute run to pick up a slow-rolling grounder.', u'Syndergaard yielded three infield hits, at least two of which could have been outs, and his fielders failed to turn double plays. To his credit, the young pitcher did not file suit in a Queens court charging lack of support.', u'It would be a shame to see a promising season circle the drain. The return of long-injured players could help. Playing in a lackluster division helps, too.', u'Mets fans are not so easily convinced. Attendance serves as a canary in the mine. The first night, the Mets filled barely half the stadium, and seemingly a fifth of the fans were orange-hued Giants supporters. The next night, even with Dark Knight hoopla, the Mets drew fewer than 25,000.', u'Hope is fine, but hype will not sustain.']), ([u'Waratahs Storm Into Playoffs, Brumbies, Chiefs Lose'], [u'SYDNEY \u2014  The reigning champion New South Wales Waratahs subdued a fired up Queensland Reds team on Saturday to storm into the Super Rugby playoffs with a 31-5 victory that assured them of a week off and a home semi-final.', u'Second half tries from captain Dave Dennis, flanker Jaques Potgieter, scrumhalf Brendan McKibbin and lock Dean Mumm gave the Waratahs a bonus point they did not need and sent a crowd of 26,746 home happy.', u'Earlier defeats for the ACT Brumbies and Waikato Chiefs ensured both teams would have to hit the road for the first round of playoffs next weekend as they bid for third titles.', u'The Brumbies, who went down 37-24 to the Canterbury Crusaders in Canberra, will travel to South Africa to face the Stormers, while the Chiefs, who were beaten 21-13 by the Wellington Hurricanes, will meet Otago Highlanders in Dunedin.', u'The winners of those ties will travel to meet the Hurricanes and Waratahs in the semi-finals the following weekend.', u'After defeat for the Brumbies, the Waratahs were already assured of the Australian Conference title and only needed a victory to guarantee they would finish ahead of the Stormers.', u"They made heavy work of it against a fired up Reds team in the first 53 minutes with miserly defence and a proliferation of errors on both sides leaving Bernard Foley's 17th minute penalty the only score.", u'Dennis crashed over to open the floodgates soon after Reds flanker Adam Thomson had been sin-binned and Potgieter, McKibbin and Mumm followed their skipper in the next 20 minutes.', u'Flyhalf Quade Cooper scored a late consolation try in what might be his final match for the Reds but two other stalwarts of their 2011 Super Rugby triumph, Will Genia and James Horwill, were sent off to new clubs in Europe with a 12th loss of the season.', u'The Hurricanes, already assured of topping the end of season standings and a home semi-final, came from behind to beat the Chiefs, who needed a bonus point victory by more than 37 points to avoid the trip to Dunedin.', u'The Chiefs started well enough when a converted intercept try from winger Bryce Heem and two penalties from Marty McKenzie put them 13-0 up after half an hour.', u"The Hurricanes then scored 21 unanswered points with a penalty try and a Conrad Smith effort putting them ahead at halftime before James Marshall's intercept sent them eight points clear in the 56th minute.", u'Earlier, winger Nemani Nadolo had scored two tries as the Canterbury Crusaders claimed a comfortable victory in what was the last appearance for flyhalf Dan Carter and almost certainly flanker Richie McCaw.', u'Carter slotted 17 points with the boot, while flanker Matt Todd became the first forward to score a try in five successive games in Super Rugby.', u'The Brumbies scored all three of their tries from rolling mauls with flankers David Pocock, who left the game late in the first half with concussion, and Jarrad Butler touching down and the third awarded as a penalty try.', u'Referee Jaco Peyper also gave the Crusaders a penalty try after they got their own rolling maul working with seven minutes remaining before Carter converted and kicked his last penalty in Super Rugby to take his record tally to 1,708 points.', u'(Additional reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Jason Whitlock Out as Head of ESPN Website Built for Him'], [u'Jason Whitlock was replaced Friday as the head of The Undefeated, ', u'\u2019s website about the intersection of race and sports, just weeks before its planned kickoff.', u'He will be replaced on an interim basis by Leon Carter, the site\u2019s editorial director.', u'The site was built largely around Whitlock, who has written for years about race, sometimes provocatively, sometimes angrily. He had been fired from a previous stint at ESPN in 2006.', u'But John Skipper, the president of ESPN, rehired him in 2013 to fulfill the company\u2019s hope for a site that would be a hub to discuss race and sports. In late March, Skipper praised Whitlock for \u201cbeing unafraid to take unpopular stands, to challenge the perceived wisdom of any community.\u201d As for bringing Whitlock back, Skipper said, \u201cTalent and intellect can overrule past problems.\u201d', u'But it was not to be. Whitlock had no management experience but returned to ESPN as part of the hierarchy that had a role in hiring and strategy. He was also editing articles and writing columns.', u'In a statement, ESPN did not cite any recent incidents that prompted the change but implied that he did not have the management skills to run the site.', u'The company \u201cdecided to make some structural adjustments that will maximize the skill sets and strengths of our team,\u201d ESPN said. The statement also said Whitlock \u201cwill now be entirely focused on what he does best: creating distinctive and compelling content, which will live across various ESPN platforms.\u201d ESPN praised his work building the site\u2019s editorial team.', u'Asked in March how he felt he was evolving as a manager, Whitlock replied, \u201cI think it\u2019s going well because I\u2019m taking it seriously.\u201d He added, \u201cYou\u2019ve got to have enough self-awareness to know that you\u2019re going to make mistakes. You can\u2019t let your ego tell you, \u2018I\u2019m smarter than everyone, so I don\u2019t make mistakes.\u2019 I\u2019m not smarter than anyone. I\u2019m still the guy with a 2.3 G.P.A.\u201d', u' \u2014 which drew on internal documents, including emails \u2014 painted Whitlock as a \u201ccatastrophe\u201d as a manager and said, \u201cBefore it\u2019s even launched, this site is already doomed.\u201d', u'The site\u2019s staff, based in Los Angeles, was given the news about Whitlock in a telephone call with Marie Donoghue, the ESPN executive who oversees The Undefeated.', u'Despite the announcement, the home page of The Undefeated still read: \u201cPresented by ESPN & Jason Whitlock. Coming Summer 2015.\u201d', u'The turmoil caused by Whitlock\u2019s departure \u2014 and the search for his permanent successor \u2014 will most likely require a further delay of the site\u2019s debut.', u'Whitlock declined to comment on the matter, as did Skipper.', u'Whitlock\u2019s ouster means that a second major site created by ESPN needs a new leader. Last month, Skipper decided he would not renew the contract of Bill Simmons, the editor in chief of Grantland, the sports and culture site that was home to his columns and podcasts. Explaining the decision, Skipper said: \u201cIt\u2019s about what he wants to do, what value that creates, what we want to do together and deciding whether there was going to be a match. We decided ultimately there wouldn\u2019t be.\u201d', u'An agreement was soon reached for Simmons to be paid through the end of September, when his contract is to end, but he will no longer run Grantland.', u'Chris Connelly subsequently took over as the site\u2019s interim editor in chief.', u'Nate Silver, around whom the FiveThirtyEight site is built, remains atop its masthead as editor in chief.', u'So far, only five articles have been published by The Undefeated \u2014 including one about Charles Barkley\u2019s Alabama\u2019s roots \u2014 ', u'.']), ([u'Lara Wins in Unanimous Decision Over Rodriguez'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Erislandy Lara defended his WBA world super welterweight title with a unanimous 12-round decision over Delvin Rodriguez on Friday night.', u'After another convincing win, Lara has his sights set on the best pound-for-pound boxers in the world.', u'Lara (21-2-2) lost a controversial split decision to Canelo Alvarez last July. On Friday, the challenger barely landed a punch in the first four rounds as Lara snuck in quick combinations throughout the 154-pound fight.', u'The southpaw knocked down the 35-year old Rodriguez with a left jab near the end of the sixth round and had Rodriguez against the ropes in the eighth.', u"Rodriguez (28-8-4) was no match for the quicker Cuban. Rodriguez mocked Lara after taking several punches in the 12th round, motioning that Lara couldn't knock him out.", u'"It\'s never a comfortable feeling leaving it up to the judges. I\'d like to win every round and get the knockout if possible, but at least I got the win tonight," Lara said.', u'Lara was coming off a unanimous decision over Ishe Smith in December.', u'"I\'m going to sit down with my team. The future is clear. We want the best. We want Floyd Mayweather. We want Miguel Cotto. We want Gennady Golovkin at 160 pounds," Lara said.', u'On the undercard, Artur Beterbiev (9-0) stopped Alexander Johnson (16-3) in the seventh round of a 175-pound light-heavyweight match. The 30-year old Russian has won all nine of his fights by knockout.']), ([u'At Women\u2019s World Cup, Seeing Signs of Lionel Messi, Not Mia Hamm'], [u'Megan Rapinoe controlled the ball at the halfway line at the Women\u2019s World Cup and sped forward. When she finally encountered a defender, she effortlessly jinked past her and ', u' to seal a victory for the United States over Australia on Monday.', u'What is the right way to describe such a feat?', u'\u201cI was doing my best Messi impression,\u201d Rapinoe said Monday, referring to the Argentine star Lionel Messi.', u'As the World Cup in Canada gives women\u2019s soccer its time in the spotlight, fans, coaches, the news media and the players themselves are closely watching the stars of the women\u2019s game \u2014 and then likening them to men.', u'So anyone watching the matches is likely to hear France\u2019s best player referred to as the female Zinedine Zidane, or Sweden\u2019s as the female Zlatan Ibrahimovic. Marta, the Brazilian star and a five-time world player of the year, was once described as \u201c', u'\u201d by Pel\xe9 himself.', u'Some players do not especially welcome the comparisons. Vivianne Miedema, the 18-year-old Dutch star, is often called the female Arjen Robben, after the wing who led the Netherlands to the men\u2019s World Cup semifinals last summer.', u'\u201cYeah, I get that a lot,\u201d Miedema ', u'. \u201cBut Arjen plays very differently to me. It\u2019s really cool to be compared to him, but, as a woman, it\u2019s a bit strange to always be compared to a man. I\u2019m Vivianne Miedema, and I don\u2019t play like men do.\u201d', u'Lotta Schelin, Sweden\u2019s star forward, is often compared to Ibrahimovic, the dominant player on her country\u2019s men\u2019s team.', u'\u201cThe comparisons are nice in a way,\u201d Schelin ', u'. \u201cBut although he inspires me, and I love watching him play, there are big differences between us, too. And I like that young girls look up to me as Lotta Schelin, not as the female Zlatan.\u201d', u'Julie Foudy was a star on the 1999 World Cup team that put women\u2019s soccer on the radar in the United States and is now an analyst and commentator for ESPN. She said she wished players in the Cup were more often compared to female stars of the past, like Mia Hamm. But she knows that, because of the ubiquity of men\u2019s soccer, comparisons to men are inevitable.', u'\u201cI get it, because that\u2019s what people see on television,\u201d Foudy said. \u201cThere\u2019s no opportunity to follow the women\u2019s game. It\u2019s really hard to find it.\u201d', u'Many female players are avid followers of the men\u2019s game, Foudy said, and the players themselves are often the sources of the comparisons to men.', u'\u201cMessi\u2019s my role model,\u201d Ramona Bachmann of Switzerland told ', u'. \u201cHe\u2019s so exceptional, it\u2019s like he\u2019s from another planet.\u201d', u'Ga\xeblle Enganamouit, who scored a surprise hat trick in Cameroon\u2019s opener, even compared herself to her country\u2019s most famous men\u2019s player. \u201cIn my view, Samuel Eto\u2019o is the greatest forward in the world,\u201d she said. \u201cI\u2019ve always said that one day I will be the Samuel Eto\u2019o of women\u2019s football.\u201d', u'Enganamouit\u2019s team is making its Women\u2019s World Cup debut. \u201cThey are the first generation,\u201d Foudy said. \u201cThere is no Michelle Akers or Mia Hamm for them. You hope the next wave behind them will have them as role models.\u201d', u'There is nothing new about comparisons like this. In Brazil, where interest in women\u2019s soccer lags far behind that for the men\u2019s game, Marta has long been compared not only to Pel\xe9 but to other famous male players; another of her nicknames is the female Ronaldinho. Louisa Necib of France is the female Zinedine Zidane, also a French player of Algerian ancestry. Zidane led France\u2019s men to the World Cup title in 1998.', u'And the phenomenon is not unique to women\u2019s soccer. Sheryl Swoopes, the three-time W.N.B.A. most valuable player, has often been called the female Michael Jordan. But the male-female comparisons do not seem to be so common in individual sports; Serena Williams, Lindsey Vonn and the ', u' champion Ronda Rousey are mostly recognized for their own achievements, rather than as female versions of Roger Federer, Bode Miller or Brock Lesnar.', u'But because many people follow women\u2019s soccer only once every four years, they find the easiest analogies in comparisons to the men\u2019s game.', u'Foudy said she \u201cwould not necessarily go to a male player\u201d when making a comparison on the air. On ESPN the other day, she compared the current South Korean player Ji So-yun to the former Chinese women\u2019s star Sun Wen.', u'But Foudy is in the minority. Ji\u2019s nickname is Ji Messi.']), ([u'Garcia Dominates, Cardinals Beat Royals 4-0'], [u"ST. LOUIS \u2014  Jaime Garcia pitched eight innings of four-hit ball and helped himself with an RBI single for the St. Louis Cardinals, who ended the Kansas City Royals' four-game winning streak with a 4-0 victory in the opener of a high-profile weekend interleague series on Friday night.", u'Jon Jay snapped a 2-for-24 slump this month with a two-out RBI triple in the second off Yordano Ventura (3-6), and Garcia followed with his 12th career RBI on an opposite-field single to left.', u'The Cardinals are 40-21 overall and 23-7 at home, both major league bests. They got a huge outing from Garcia (2-3), so far a success story off thoracic outlet surgery.', u"Ventura lasted just three innings for the second straight start, removed as a precaution due to weakness in his pitching hand. In those two starts, he's allowed six earned runs.", u"Garcia struck out six with no walks, fanning Omar Infante to open the eighth for the 500th strikeout of his career, and retired the side in order five times. The lefty lowered his ERA to 2.06 and hasn't issued a walk in 30 innings.", u"Garcia has made five starts \u2014 the Cardinals have been shut out in three of them \u2014 after totaling 16 starts from 2013-14. He'd been 0 for 8 with four strikeouts before the hit.", u"The Cardinals added two runs in the eighth on an RBI triple by Randal Grichuk, a ball that right fielder Alex Rios whiffed on, and Jay's sacrifice fly.", u'The Royals got two infield hits with two outs in the sixth but Garcia struck out cleanup man Eric Hosmer on an off-speed pitch that ended up at shoe-top level.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Royals: LHP Danny Duffy (biceps tendinitis) has made one rehab start for Triple-A Omaha, working four innings Wednesday, and could make a few more before rejoining the rotation.', u'Cardinals: Setup man Jordan Walden (right biceps) could be back before the All-Star break.', u'UP NEXT', u"Jeremy Guthrie is 3-0 with a 1.85 ERA in six interleague starts with the Royals. Tyler Lyons, recalled from Triple-A Memphis to replace injured Lance Lynn, was 0-0 with a 5.54 ERA in three starts earlier this season. He's 3-1 with a 2.36 ERA in his last four minor league starts."]), ([u'All Blacks Mealamu, Woodcock End Super Careers'], [u"(Reuters) - All Blacks stalwarts Keven Mealamu and Tony Woodcock brought the curtain down on their Super Rugby careers on Friday, with both now widely expected to hang up their boots after this year's rugby World Cup in England.", u'Mealamu and Woodcock, who have yet to officially confirm their post-World Cup plans, have played 123 and 110 tests respectively for the All Blacks.', u"The 36-year-old Melamu acknowledged Friday's game against the Otago Highlanders was his last for the Auckland Blues.", u'"Not the way I wanted to end my Super Rugby career but I have so many great memories from my 15 years," Mealamu said after the 44-7 loss to the Highlanders at Eden Park.', u'"Overall I have had a great career for the Blues and enjoyed every moment," he added after his 175th Super Rugby match.', u'"To be able to be here this long I feel really proud and privileged to represent this club for the last 15 years.', u'"It\'s something I wanted to do as a kid."', u'Local media reports also indicated Woodcock would not be playing Super Rugby next season and coach John Kirwan paid tribute to both players.', u'"The important thing ... is to honour two great players for the Blues in Keven Mealamu and Tony Woodcock," Kirwan said.', u'"They are not only outstanding rugby players, but quite outstanding people with 324 Super Rugby games between.', u'"The performances on and off the field speak for themselves."', u'The 34-year-old Woodcock has been beset by shoulder injuries over the past 12 months and has not played since the Blues beat the Bulls 23-18 on May 15.', u'While he did not play against the Highlanders, he was applauded off the field by his team mates along with Mealamu.', u"Despite his latest shoulder injury Woodcock is expected to be available for the All Blacks' test against Samoa in Apia on July 8.", u'(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'U.S. Draw 0-0 With Sweden in Group D'], [u"(Reuters) - The United States moved to the top of Group D after a 0-0 draw with Sweden at the women's World Cup on Friday.", u'After two rounds of fixtures, the United States lead on  four points, one ahead of Australia while Sweden have two points. Nigeria prop up the group with a single point.', u'Sweden controlled much of the first half against the Americans but could not put any real pressure on goalkeeper Hope Solo. The United States brought on all-time leading scorer Abby Wambach in the 68th minute to try to find the breakthrough but she was unable to convert a header late on.', u'In the final round of group games, Sweden play Australia while the Americans take on Nigeria.', u'(Reporting by Jahmal Corner; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Elvis Has 4 RBIs for Rangers in 6-2 Win Over Slumping Twins'], [u'ARLINGTON, Texas \u2014  Waiting in the on-deck circle, Elvis Andrus started trying to blow the ball Mitch Moreland had just hit to center field.', u"Maybe it wasn't the extra air but something worked to give the Texas Rangers a 6-2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night.", u"Andrus had a career-high four RBIs, but it was Moreland's two-out fly ball to center in the eighth inning that went off Aaron Hicks' glove for a tiebreaking two-base, two-run error.", u'"That\'s the longest hit error I\'ve ever seen. I\'m shaking my head on that," Rangers manager Jeff Banister said.', u"Hicks was drifting back and reached up, but the ball flicked off his glove and rolled to the wall, breaking a 2-all tie in Minnesota's fourth consecutive loss.", u'"It was just a low-liner that was hit hard, and for me, that\'s a ball I catch all the time. I just happened to miss it and that\'s it," Hicks said. "Ridiculous. I don\'t understand how I missed the ball and it\'s like I said, I know I make that play every time."', u'After standout performances by both left-handed starters, Wandy Rodriguez for the Rangers and Tommy Milone for the Twins, neither got a decision.', u'Minnesota, which used four pitchers in the eighth inning, had intentionally walked AL batting leader Prince Fielder to load the bases. Moreland hit the first pitch from Brian Duensing, and Andrus added a two-run single after another pitching change.', u"Andrus' two-run homer in the seventh off Milone ended a 20-inning scoreless streak for the Rangers and put them up 2-1.", u'His third homer of the season came in the next at-bat after he slammed his bat down in frustration after striking out to end the fourth.', u'"I was starting to get mad, I was swinging at too many pitches," Andrus said. "In that at-bat, I was just trying to look for my pitch, really happy to get that homer, and we got back in the game."', u'Leadoff hitter Brian Dozier scored both runs for Minnesota. Dozier walked to start the game, and his 12th homer of the season leading off the eighth off reliever Tanner Scheppers (3-0) made it 2-2.', u"Aaron Thompson (1-2) took over to start the eighth and allowed a walk and a fielder's choice before Minnesota made three more pitching changes in the inning.", u"Milone struck out eight and limited the Rangers to three hits over seven innings, retiring 12 straight in one stretch. He had allowed only one hit before Fielder's leadoff single in the seventh and Andrus' homer.", u'After Minnesota loaded the bases without an out in the first, Rodriguez retired 18 straight batters.', u'LOT OF PITCHES', u"Rodriguez threw 122 pitches, the last coming on a 10-pitch walk by Eduardo Escobar that loaded the bases in the seventh. Rodriguez struck out six and walked three while throwing the most pitches by a Texas pitcher since Yu Darvish's 126 in a near no-hitter against the Boston Red Sox on May 9, 2014.", u"PLOUFFE, IT'S GONE", u"Twins cleanup hitter Trevor Plouffe, whose sacrifice fly made it 1-0 in the first, ended Rodriguez's streak of 18 batters straight retired with a leadoff single in the seventh.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: Slugger Josh Hamilton is doing a "brisk jog" on a treadmill, but still has not swung a bat since straining his left hamstring May 31. He said the tightness in his left hamstring has subsided, but still has general soreness in both hamstrings. ... LHPs Matt Harrison (spinal fusion surgery) and Martin Perez (Tommy John surgery) are both set for starts for Triple-A Round Rock, Harrison makes his third rehab start Sunday in Memphis and Perez his second next week when the Express are back home. ... LHP Derek Holland (left shoulder strain) will get another MRI next Friday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Twins: RHP Mike Pelfry, whose 2.28 ERA is fourth-lowest in the AL, starts five days after tossing eight scoreless innings against Milwaukee.', u'Rangers: RHP Colby Lewis will be trying to get a win against the only AL team he has never defeated as a Ranger. Lewis is 0-4 with a 7.53 ERA in seven career starts against the Twins.', u'___', u"This clarifies that Thompson gave up walk and fielder's choice."]), ([u'Rookies Lead Rays to 7-5 Win Over White Sox'], [u"ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. \u2014  Joey Butler had three of Tampa Bay's 14 hits and Matt Andriese earned his first major league win Friday night in the Rays' 7-5 victory over the Chicago White Sox.", u'Andriese (1-1) gave up two runs \u2014 both unearned \u2014 in a career-high 5 2-3 innings. He struck out five in the 26th game started by a Rays rookie this season.', u'Butler, another rookie who has hit safely in 12 of 13 games, drove in two runs with singles.', u"Hits by Mikie Mahtook, Brandon Guyer and Butler gave the Rays a 2-0 lead in the first inning against starter John Danks and they led all the way, ending Chicago's three-game win streak.", u'Jake McGee pitched the ninth for his second save.', u'Steven Souza Jr., Jake Elmore, Nick Franklin and Kevin Kiermaier had two hits each for the Rays.', u'Jose Abreu hit his 12th home run for the White Sox, connecting in a third straight game for the first time in his career.']), ([u'Langer Four Shots Clear at Senior Players Championship'], [u'(Reuters) - Defending champion Bernhard Langer of Germany surged to a four-stroke lead after the second round at the Senior Players Championship in Massachusetts on Friday.', u"He shot a second consecutive six-under 65 on the Belmont Country Club course to leave the field in his wake in the third of the season's five major championships on the over-50s tour.", u'Langer posted a 12-under 130 halfway total, while American Russ Cochran also carded 65 to move into second place on eight under.', u'American Steve Pate fired a course-record 63 to vault into a tie for third, six shots behind Langer.', u'The German has led or co-led a senior major after 36 holes on seven occasions, so he is no stranger to playing from the front.', u"He could go wire-to-wire in a senior major for the second straight year, after last year's Senior British Open, which he won by 13 strokes.", u'The 57-year-old won two majors on the regular tour, 1985 and 1993 Masters, and has four senior major victories.', u'He has dominated the senior circuit since turning 50, winning the money title six of the past seven years.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Nine-Run Seventh Inning Lifts Blue Jays Over Red Sox 13-10'], [u'BOSTON \u2014  Russell Martin broke a tie with a three-run triple in a nine-run seventh inning as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Boston Red Sox 13-10 by overcoming an 8-1 deficit Friday night.', u'The Blue Jays won their ninth straight game and scored at least six runs for the eighth time in that stretch.', u'The Red Sox suffered their fourth consecutive loss, one of the most disheartening in a season in which they are a season-worst eight games under .500 (27-35) and in last place in the AL East. They had a chance to tie it in the ninth when they loaded the bases after Xander Bogaerts singled in a run. But with two outs, Mike Napoli took a called third strike.', u'Brett Cecil gave up an RBI double in the ninth to Rusney Castillo but got his third save.', u'Steve Delabar (2-0) pitched a perfect sixth. Junichi Tazawa (0-2) took the loss.', u"Boston took a 5-0 lead in the first against Drew Hutchison when Pablo Sandoval and Mookie Betts hit back-to-back homers. Justin Smoak's RBI-triple made it 5-1 in the second before Dustin Pedroia's three-run homer put Boston on top 8-1 in the fifth.", u'Toronto scored three runs in the fifth off Joe Kelly, who left after the sixth with an 8-4 lead.', u"Then came the seventh when Toronto's first nine batters reached base \u2014 three against Matt Barnes, five against Tazawa and one against Tommy Layne \u2014 with all of them scoring.", u'Kevin Pillar led off with a single and scored on a double by Ryan Goins. Jose Reyes then singled in a run, Josh Donaldson singled and Jose Bautista followed with another RBI single.', u"Edwin Encarnacion then singled, loading the bases, and Toronto tied it at 8 on an error by third baseman Sandoval, who dived to catch Chris Colabello's hard shot down the line then dropped the ball.", u'Martin cleared the bases with his triple over the head of center fielder Castillo, chasing Tazawa. But Smoak drove the first pitch from Layne into the seats in left for his fifth homer and a 13-8 lead. Layne then settled down, retiring the next three batters.', u'TRAINERS ROOM', u'Red Sox: LF Hanley Ramirez missed the game with soreness in his left knee and left hamstring. ... CF Betts left the game in the top of the third with a low back sprain when he ran into the low fence trying to catch a triple by Smoak.', u'ON DECK', u'Blue Jays: RHP R.A. Dickey (2-6, 5.35) goes for his third straight solid outing in the second game of the three-game series. He allowed a total of four runs in his past two starts after giving up 22 in his previous four.', u'Red Sox: RHP Clay Buchholz (3-6, 4.07) tries to bounce back from his third-shortest stint of the season. He allowed four runs and 10 hits in 4 2-3 innings Sunday in a 7-4 win against Oakland. In his previous start, he allowed three hits in eight innings in a 1-0 victory over Minnesota.']), ([u'Colon, Flores Leads Mets to 5-3 Win Over Braves'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Bartolo Colon moved into a tie for the major league lead with his ninth win, Wilmer Flores and John Mayberry Jr. homered, and the New York Mets held on to beat the Atlanta Braves 5-3 on Friday night.', u"The 42-year-old Colon (9-4) gave up two runs and six hits in six effective innings as he matched Seattle's Felix Hernandez, who was roughed up at Houston, and Pittsburgh's Gerrit Cole for most victories in baseball.", u'Jeurys Familia, whose availability for the game was uncertain because he was awaiting the birth of his child, loaded the bases with one out in the ninth before getting Nick Markakis to ground into a double play for his 18th save.', u'Michael Cuddyer followed up his game-winning hit Thursday against San Francisco with an RBI double in the seventh as New York beat Atlanta for a fifth straight time after losing the first two games between the teams this year.', u'The NL East-leading Mets improved to 22-11 in the weak division.', u'Alex Wood (4-4) entered his 12th start of the season having allowed only two home runs \u2014 one was to Cuddyer on April 12 \u2014 but he was tagged twice early by the Mets.', u'Flores connected leading off the second, in his first career at-bat in the No. 4 hole.', u'With slumping left-handed Lucas Duda out of the lineup against a lefty, manager Terry Collins elevated the rookie shortstop into the cleanup spot but was quick to say that this move was just a one-day necessity.', u'Mayberry hit a two-run shot in the fourth after Flores was intentionally walked with one out to give New York a 3-0 lead.', u'But the Braves loaded the bases with three straight singles to open the fifth. Wood then hit a grounder to short for a potential double play and Flores bobbled the ball before flipping to second for the force. A.J. Pierzynski scored and Wood had an RBI.', u'Jace Peterson doubled in a run to make it 3-2.', u'The Braves had two runners on in the sixth but, for the second straight inning, Colon got the final out on a comebacker.', u"Colon matched Dwight Gooden's franchise record established in 1993-94 with a decision in 25 straight starts, a streak that started July 23, 2014. Colon is 16-9 over that span.", u'Eric Campbell had an RBI groundout in the bottom of the sixth. Mayberry, who singled for his second hit and advanced when Dilson Herrera walked, was on third because Wood threw a pickoff attempt at second base into center field.', u'Wood allowed five runs \u2014 four earned \u2014 and six hits in 6 1-3 innings', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Braves: Peter Moylan, attempting a comeback after a second Tommy John surgery, allowed three hits and two runs in one inning for Triple-A Gwinnett on Thursday.', u'Mets: The Mets placed reliever Erik Goeddel on the 15-day DL because of a strained right elbow. Goeddel had not allowed a run since May 27, 5 2-3 scoreless innings.', u'UP NEXT', u'Braves: RHP Shelby Miller lowered his ERA to 1.84 when he allowed just one run in seven innings against San Diego in his last start.', u'Mets: RHP Jacob deGrom was named co-NL player of the week with Clayton Kershaw after going 2-0 with a 1.20 ERA. DeGrom is 2-1 with a 2.00 ERA in three starts vs. the Braves.']), ([u'Orioles Beat Yankees 11-3 for 5th Straight Win'], [u'BALTIMORE \u2014  Chris Davis homered and drove in four runs, and the Baltimore Orioles beat Michael Pineda and the New York Yankees 11-3 Friday night for their season-high fifth straight win.', u'Caleb Joseph hit a solo shot and Jimmy Paredes had three singles and two RBIs for the Orioles, who reached .500 (30-30) for the first time since May 5. Baltimore has won seven of eight following a five-game skid.', u'Davis delivered an RBI single in the first inning and a three-run drive in the third, both against Pineda (7-3). The slugger came into the game 1 for 11 with eight strikeouts in his career against the right-hander.', u'In his last outing against the Orioles, Pineda had a career-high 16 strikeouts in a 6-2 victory on May 10. In this one, he fanned only two in 4 1/3 rocky innings, allowing six runs, nine hits and two walks.', u"It was Pineda's shortest outing since being ejected in the second inning on April 23, 2014, for using pine tar on the mound.", u'Mason Williams homered in his major league debut for the first-place Yankees, who have dropped two in a row after winning seven straight.', u'Ubaldo Jimenez (4-3) gave up three runs in five innings to earn his first win since May 11. Although the right-hander struggled from the outset, he kept the damage to a minimum and received plenty of offensive support.', u'New York failed to score in the first inning after loading the bases with no outs. Davis singled in a run in the bottom half.', u"Alex Rodriguez picked up his 1,999th career RBI with a single in the Yankees third, but Baltimore used a run-scoring single by Adam Jones and Davis' 13th home run to go up 5-1.", u'After striking out in his first at-bat, Williams hit a two-run drive to right in the fourth. The former fourth-round draft pick was removed for a pinch hitter after going 1 for 2.', u'Baltimore pulled away with a four-run sixth that began with Joseph connecting off Jacob Lingren. Later in the inning, first baseman Mark Teixeira overthrew second base trying for a force play, ending his career-high errorless run at 109 games and providing the Orioles with four unearned runs.', u'That put Baltimore in double figures in runs for the first time since April 26.', u'TRAINERS ROOM', u'Yankees: OF Jacoby Ellsbury (right knee sprain) is running at about 60 percent according to manager Joe Girardi, who added, "He\'s starting to do a little bit of everything now."', u'Orioles:  RHP Kevin Gausman (right shoulder tendinitis) felt no lingering pain after his rehab assignment Thursday night. He is slated to pitch two innings for Single-A Frederick on Tuesday.', u'ON DECK', u'Yankees: CC Sabathia starts against the Orioles on Saturday night looking for his 212th career win, which would give him sole possession of 23rd place on the win-list for left-handers.', u"Orioles: Bud Norris takes the mound for Baltimore. He's 2-4 with an 8.63 ERA this season, but is 4-1 lifetime against New York."]), ([u'Miami Rookie Urena Earns 1st Win as Marlins Beat Rockies 5-1'], [u'MIAMI \u2014  Jose Urena pitched into the seventh inning for his first major league victory, and the Miami Marlins supported him with some slugging to beat the Colorado Rockies 5-1 Friday night.', u'The Marlins hit two home runs, neither by major league leader Giancarlo Stanton, and nearly had a third.', u"J.T. Realmuto hit a three-run homer, and Martin Prado had a solo shot. Marcell Ozuna's two-run drive was wiped out by a replay review that determined the ball hooked foul, so he settled five pitches later for a two-out RBI single.", u'Stanton had a single and a double and scored a run.', u'The Rockies lost their third game in a row and have totaled one run in the first two games of the series.', u'Making his fourth major league start, Urena (1-2) allowed six hits and no walks in 6 2-3 innings. He took a shutout into the seventh, when Carlos Gonzalez hit his seventh homer, ending a string of 17 consecutive scoreless innings for Colorado.', u'Urena limited the Rockies to one run in six innings last week but did not get a decision.', u"Kyle Kendrick (2-8) allowed two runs in 6 2-3 innings. He's tied for the major league lead in losses, and he fell to 14-4 in 28 games against the Marlins.", u"Miami's Dee Gordon went 1 for 4 to retain his lead in the major league batting race over the Rockies' DJ LeMahieu, who also went 1 for 4. Gordon is hitting .355, LeMahieu .349.", u"Ozuna's single in the fourth extended his hitting streak to 13 games and gave Miami a 1-0 lead.", u'Prado went sprawling when he ducked out of the way of a high and inside fastball from Kendrick, and then hit the next pitch for a homer to make it 2-0 in the sixth.', u"Realmuto's third homer came off Scott Oberg and followed a pair of walks in the eighth.", u"Colorado's Troy Tulowitzki extended his hitting streak to 11 games with a single in the fourth.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Marlins ace Jose Fernandez (elbow) pitched five scoreless innings in his second rehab start for Class A Jupiter.', u'UP NEXT', u'Marlins RHP Mat Latos, sidelined since May 21 with left knee inflammation, is scheduled to start Saturday against Rockies RHP David Hale.', u"Latos is 1-4 with a 6.12 ERA, and the Marlins' injury-plagued rotation is a combined 17-23. Fernandez, Jarred Cosart and Henderson Alvarez are all expected to return from injuries in the next month.", u'"We\'ve got to get the pitching right, myself included," Latos said. "We have guys who can do it."']), ([u'Koepka Hits the Front at St. Jude Classic'], [u'(Reuters) - Brooks Koepka fired a three-under-par 67 for a one-shot lead after the second round of the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis on Friday.    Big-hitting Koepka made four birdies and a single bogey to move to nine under for the tournament, with Austin Cook a shot behind after one of the day\u2019s top rounds, a six-under 64.', u'"I still feel like I could be five- or six-under-par more. I really haven\u2019t been firing on all cylinders but it\u2019s good enough to be at the top,\u201d Koepka told reporters.', u'Cook is playing on a sponsor\u2019s exemption but is trying to prove that he belongs on Tour.', u'\u201cI feel like I should be out here,\u201d Cook said. My irons were on fire and I holed some putts.\u201d', u'Australian Steven Alker is a shot further back, and a group of seven players are bunched at six under. Alker, who started on the 10th, had a hot stretch coming home on the front nine, reaching 10-under par before finishing bogey, double bogey to fall back.', u'Five-times major winner Phil Mickelson, who will head to Chambers Bay searching for a first U.S. Open win after posting a record six runner-up spots, managed a one-under-par 69 that leaves him at three under.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Concussion a 'Wake-Up Call' for Australia's Rogers"], [u"(Reuters) - Australia's Chris Rogers is still dealing with headaches and dizzy spells after being hit on the head in training before the first test against West Indies, and the opening batsman says the lingering symptoms have been a wake-up call to the dangers of concussion.", u'Rogers, who was ruled out of both tests in the Caribbean after suffering the blow to the head in Dominica, said he did not initially think it was overly serious.', u'"To be honest, I didn\'t think much of the hit on the head. I\'ve been hit on the head quite a few times (and) I thought it was just another one," he told Cricket Australia\'s website.', u'"But then I just didn\'t start to feel great. I spoke to the doc and didn\'t expect him to rule me out of the test, but he did.', u'"I was a little bit surprised at the time but since then I still haven\'t quite recovered. I\'ve had some pretty bad days so I think the doc was right. He made the right call."', u'The 37-year-old left-hander said it had been a new experience for him.', u'"I\'ve never really had symptoms like this, I must admit," he added. "Even just running and taking a few catches and then feeling terrible for the rest of the day.', u'"I just didn\'t really think I\'d have the headaches and the dizziness that have come with it.', u'"The only thing for me is that the symptoms have gone for so long. That\'s been a bit worrying but I\'m assured by the doctor that\'s fine.', u'"Its been a bit of a wake-up call."', u'Rogers, who has indicated the Ashes series in England would probably mark his Australia swan song, added that he felt he was about a week away from being able to play again.', u'He is keen to get the chance to produce on the field in warm-up matches and ensure he can resume his opening partnership with David Warner for the first test at Sophia Gardens in Cardiff from July 8.', u'"A couple of weeks off in the Caribbean isn\'t the worst but you want to be out there playing," Rogers said.', u'"There\'s still a fair bit of time, but first and foremost it\'s getting back into this side, and it (the team) is going pretty well. That\'s the challenge.', u'"There\'s a bit of time and a few practice games before that, so hopefully I\'m right."', u'(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Kim Sei-Young Leads Park, Webb at Women's PGA"], [u"HARRISON, New York \u2014  World number one Lydia Ko missed her first cut in a professional tournament, while Kim Sei-young eagled the par-five 15th to take a one-stroke lead after 36 holes of the Women's PGA Championship on Friday.", u"The 18-year-old Ko's astonishing run of making 53 consecutive cuts ended when she shot a three-over 76 in the second round for a two-over-par 148 total, missing the cut by one stroke.", u'"I just made a double (on the 11th) and just couldn\'t get anything turned around," said Ko, who had made the turn one-under for the round but bogeyed three of the next four holes after the double.', u'"I just kind of made bogey after bogey and when you do that, it\'s not great."', u'It was a much better day for Kim, 22, who has already won twice in her rookie season on the LPGA circuit.', u'She shot a five-under 68 on the undulating Westchester course in the leafy northern suburbs of New York City and leapfrogged seven-times major winner Karrie Webb of Australia and twice defending champion Park In-bee.', u'Kim posted an eight-under 138 total in the second major of the season.', u'After registering five victories on the LPGA of Korea Tour, Kim has shown her mettle on the LPGA Tour by taking her 2015 wins in playoffs.', u'"I was inspired by Tiger Woods, how he was able to make shots and shot-making," said Kim. who leads the tour in birdies and eagles. "I was actually able to show all the shots out here on the course today."', u'Breathing down her neck are two accomplished winners.', u'The 40-year-old Webb, looking for her first major since 2006, shot 71 in the morning and was joined at seven-under by Park.', u'South Korean Park surged up the leaderboard late in the day, following her opening 71 with a flawless 68.', u'Tied for fourth on 140 was Suzann Pettersen of Norway after a bogey-free 66, and 17-year-old Canadian Brooke Henderson (73).', u'South Korean Jenny Shin, the overnight leader after a 66, reached eight-under three times in the second round but slipped back with four bogeys in her second nine.', u'Shin shot 75 for 141, a total she shared with world number three Stacy Lewis (71).', u'The unflappable Kim said she was not worried about going to bed with the lead.', u'"I believe I can play better in the tournaments where I can feel more pressure," she said.', u'(Editing by Steve Keating)']), ([u'US and Sweden Play to 0-0 Group-Stage Draw'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Meghan Klingenberg \u2014 not Hope Solo \u2014 made the biggest save of the night for the United States.', u"Klingenberg, a diminutive defender, leaped to head a shot by Sweden's Caroline Seger. The ball hit the crossbar and caromed away from the goal.", u'Goal-line technology was used to confirm the ball never crossed the line.', u"The save in the 77th minute preserved the 0-0 draw with Sweden on Friday night in one of the most anticipated group-stage matches at the Women's World Cup.", u'"Brilliant," U.S. coach Jill Ellis said of Klingenberg\'s heroics. "Believe it or not, we actually practice that."', u'The match had been hyped beforehand as the showdown between the second-ranked United States and former coach Pia Sundhage, now coach of No. 5 Sweden. It did not disappoint in the furious second half.', u'Abby Wambach came off the bench, but her header in the 72nd minute was popped up and over the crossbar by Swedish goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl.', u'A win would have assured the United States a spot in the knockout round as the Americans seek their third World Cup title, but first since 1999. The U.S. women advanced to the final four years ago in Germany, but lost to Japan on penalty kicks.', u'The United States has one more group stage match, on Tuesday in Vancouver, British Columbia, against Nigeria. Sweden heads to Edmonton, Alberta, for its final group match with Australia. The monthlong tournament, with an expanded field of 24 teams, is being played in six Canadian cities.', u'The U.S. leads the Group D standings with four points, following a 3-1 victory over No. 10 Australia in the opener. Sweden was surprised in its opener by No. 33 Nigeria, which erased a 2-0 halftime deficit for a 3-all tie.', u'Earlier Friday the Matildas defeated Nigeria 2-0.', u'Ellis tinkered with her lineup for the match against Sweden, starting 22-year old Morgan Brian while Wambach was on the bench.', u"Wambach did give the U.S. a spark after entering in the 68th minute, but couldn't get past Lindahl, who was named player of the match.", u"Klingenberg, who is just 5-foot-2, saved Seger's shot while Solo was on the other side of the goal.", u'"That was something we practiced this week," Klingenberg said. "I know that when Hope slides across, I need to tuck in and make sure I\'m in position. Luckily I did and I was able to make the play when I needed to."', u'Klingenberg, who played for a Swedish club team and is friends with many of the players she faced in the game, exchanged jerseys with Seger following the match.', u'"She said, \'Are you serious?\'" Klingenberg laughed.', u'Lindahl watched the key play unfold from the other end.', u'"I did think: goal-line technology, c\'mon!" she said. "But it wasn\'t close, actually."', u"Lindahl came up with her first big save of the match when she leaped to pop Carli Lloyd's shot up and over the bar early in the second half.", u"Solo leaped to stop Therese Sjogran's hard shot from far out in the 54th minute but it sailed over her fingertips and over the bar.", u'Solo started in goal for the United States as off-field incidents continue to haunt her. The United States opened played the day after an ESPN report revealed new details about her arrest last June in Washington state on domestic violence charges. The charges were dismissed earlier this year.', u'Sundhage was head coach of the United States for five years, guiding the team to two Olympic gold medals and the World Cup final in Germany. It was the first time the Americans had advanced to the final since winning it all in 1999.', u"Sundhage left after the 2012 London Olympics and returned home to coach her native Sweden's national team.", u'Adding to the buildup for the match, one of the most anticipated of the group stage, was a story about Sundhage earlier in the week in The New York Times. In it, Sundhage was quoted as saying that Lloyd was a challenge to coach and she suggested she wouldn\'t start Wambach at this point in the popular veteran\'s career. She said Solo was one of the most challenging players she had coached, "especially when it comes to trouble."', u'She talked about those statements before the match, saying the interview occurred back in April and she certainly was not trying to taunt the U.S. team.', u'The World Cup is being played as FIFA deals with an ongoing corruption scandal sparked by the U.S. Department of Justice indictment of 14 people with racketeering, wire fraud, money laundering and other offenses. Swiss prosecutors are leading a separate probe into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests.', u'FIFA President Sepp Blatter, who is not at the tournament, announced last week that he plans to step down once an election is held for a successor.']), ([u'Simon Brace Lifts Australia Over Nigeria'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Kyah Simon struck twice as Australia beat Nigeria 2-0 on', u"Friday in Group D to breathe new life into their women's World Cup campaign.", u"After a 3-1 loss to the United States in their group opener, the 'Matildas' delivered a badly needed win with Simon scoring in each half.", u'Nigeria, who fought back from 2-0 down to draw 3-3 with Sweden on Monday, found themselves trailing after 29 minutes when Simon chipped the ball over a sprawled Nigeria goalkeeper Precious Dede.', u"Australia capitalized on some sloppy defending in the second half when Simon was left alone in front of the net and drove home her side's second in the 68th minute.", u'Australia join group leaders United States on three points, with the Americans set to play their second group match later on Friday against the Swedes.', u"With three teams ranked in the top 10 -- the United States (2nd), Sweden (5th) and Australia (10th) -- along with top ranked African nation Nigeria, Group D has been labeled the 'Group of Death' but could see three teams reach the knockout phase.", u'(Reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto. Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Mexico, Bolivia Booed Off After 0-0 Draw at Copa'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Mexico and Bolivia were booed off the pitch after playing out a drab goalless draw in their opening match of the Copa America on Friday, leaving hosts Chile top of Group A after the first round of matches.', u'Bolivia hit the post through Ricardo Pedriel with their first real attack, and Mexican stiker Raul Jimenez should have scored after the break with a close range header, but otherwise neither side created much in the way of clear-cut chances.', u'The Mexicans also had a penalty appeal turned down late on after Javier Aquino went down under pressure from Alejandro Pinedo.', u'While on balance a draw looked to be a fair result, it was greeted by whistles and boos at the Sausalito stadium in Vina del Mar at the final whistle.', u'Mexico have never defeated Bolivia at the Copa America in three attempts, though they have beaten them in each of their nine encounters in other competitions and friendlies.', u'The Mexicans now face Chile in Santiago on Monday while Bolivia meet Ecuador in Valparaiso on the same day.', u'Chile beat Ecuador 2-0 in the tournament opener on Thursday.', u'\u201cWe know that Chile are coming off the back of a victory that will give them a bit of confidence, and they have some quality players, but so do we, and we\u2019re going to work hard to beat them,\u201d Mexico striker Jesus Corona said.', u'After two slightly disappointing matches on the opening two days, the Copa is expected to come to life over the weekend when favourites Brazil and Argentina, along with defending champions Uruguay, all open their accounts.', u'Uruguay face Jamaica in Antofagasta on Saturday, Argentina take on Paraguay in La Serena the same day and Brazil meet Peru in Temuco on Sunday.', u'(Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Price, Cabrera Lead Tigers to 4-0 Win Over Indians'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  David Price pitched a seven-hitter for his third career shutout, Miguel Cabrera hit a three-run homer and an RBI double in the Detroit Tigers 4-0 win over the Cleveland Indians on Friday night.', u"Price (6-2) didn't walk a batter and struck out eight while throwing only 93 pitches.", u"Danny Salazar (6-2) matched Price until the sixth when he gave up Cabrera's homer, which went over the center-field fence and traveled about 450 feet. It was Cabrera's 13th home run and also drove in Anthony Gose and Rajai Davis, who led off with singles. Cabrera homered one out later.", u'Salazar allowed the three runs and seven hits while walking one and striking out six. He was replaced by C.C. Lee to begin the eighth.', u"Cabrera's RBI double in the eighth made it 4-0. His drive into the right center-field gap with one out off Lee scored Ian Kinsler, who singled.", u'Davis was thrown out at the plate in the first inning to complete an inning-ending double play. With Davis on second and Cabrera at first with one out and Yoenis Cespedes batting, Davis took off for third. Cespedes hit a weak grounder between the mound and the first base line that Salazar fielded and threw Cespedes out at first. Davis continued around third and tried to score but first baseman Carlos Santana threw Davis out at the plate as catcher Yan Gomes made the tag.', u'The Indians got consecutive one-out singles from Mike Aviles and Jason Kipnis in the third but Santana grounded into a double play to end the inning.', u'Cleveland third baseman Giovanny Urshela hit into an inning-ending double play in the fifth and Santana did so again in the sixth.', u'Tigers catcher James McCann tripled with one out in the seventh but was stranded when Jose Iglesias grounded out and Gose struck out.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Tigers star RHP Justin Verlander, who has been out since the beginning of the season with a right triceps strain, is scheduled make his 2015 debut on Saturday afternoon.', u'COMING UP', u'Verlander will face Indians RHP Carlos Carrasco (7-5, 4.35), who is 2-6 with a 7.20 ERA against Detroit over 13 games \u2014 including eight starts.']), ([u'Suarez Single in 10th Lifts Reds Over Cubs 5-4'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Eugenio Suarez drove in Todd Frazier with an unearned tie-breaking run in the 10th inning, and the banged-up Cincinnati Reds rebounded for a 5-4 victory over the Chicago Cubs on Friday, their fifth win in six games.', u'Suarez, playing in his second game after being called up for the injured shortstop Zack Cozart, singled through a drawn-in infield off Hector Rondon (3-1) for his first RBI with the Reds.', u"Cincinnati's J.J. Hoover (5-0) pitched a scoreless eighth and ninth for the win. Aroldis Chapman struck out two in scoreless 10th for his 13th save in 14 chances", u"Frazier, who reached in the 10th on third baseman Kris Bryant's throwing error, hit his team-leading 18th homer and drove in a run with a double. Ivan Dejesus Jr. and Brayan Pena also had RBIs in Cincinnati's three-run first inning.", u"Starlin Castro's two-run homer, his fifth, in the sixth inning tied it at 4. Cubs starter Jason Hammel and Addison Russell also had RBIs.", u"Until Rondon struggled in the 10th, the Cubs' bullpen sparkled. Four relievers \u2014 Zac Rosscup, James Russell, Jason Motte and Pedro Strop \u2014 pitched four hitless innings while striking out six.", u'Reds starter Johnny Cueto was sailing along with a 4-2 lead until Castro tied it with one out in the sixth on drive that cleared the bleachers just inside the left field foul pole. Cueto finished with nine strikeouts and no walks through seven innings, while allowing four runs.', u"Partly done in by Russell's game-opening error Hammel labored and allowed four runs \u2014 two earned \u2014 through five innings before leaving after 103 pitches. He permitted seven hits, struck out four, walked three and hit a batter.", u'Hammel had been solid in his previous two starts, winning both while allowing a combined three earned runs and striking out 18 in 14 2/3 innings at Miami and Washington.', u'Fog rolled in and out of soggy, chilly Wrigley Field. Combined with a strong wind blowing in from the north, that made some normally routine plays adventurous.', u"Russell, Chicago's rookie second baseman, couldn't handle leadoff man Skip Schumaker's routine grounder in the first. That set the stage for Cincinnati's three-run inning when eight men batted.", u'Dejesus Jr. and Frazier had RBI doubles, and Pena knocked in the third run with a sharp single.', u"Hamel helped his own cause as the Cubs cut it to 3-2 in the second. His single drove in Chicago's first run with a single, then scored on Russell's double.", u"Frazier's solo shot leading off the third on an 0-2 pitch made it 4-2.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Reds: CF Billy Hamilton (sore left hand) was back in the lineup and batted ninth after missing three games. He entered the game leading the majors with 25 stolen bases in 29 attempts.', u'2B and three-time All-Star Brandon Phillips (groin) pinch hit in the eighth after missing three games. He was hurt Tuesday sliding into second base.', u'Devin Mesoraco, an All-Star catcher last season, will discontinue a rehab assignment at Triple-A Louisville where he was playing left field \u2014 a position the Reds hoped would put less strain on a left hip injury.', u'"He\'s still sore," Price said. "He\'s going to be going back to Cincinnati and spending some time doing rehab work there."', u'Cubs:  Manager Joe Maddon said OF Jorge Soler, on the 15-day DL (left ankle sprain), is making progress, although he hasn\'t resumed baseball activities. "He said he\'s feeling better," Maddon said. "I don\'t have any kind of final analysis.', u'UP NEXT', u'Cincinnati RHP Mike Leake (3-4, 4.29 ERA) faces Chicago RHP Kyle Hendricks  (2-2, 3.96) on Saturday. The 6:15 p.m. scheduled first pitch marks the third starting time in the four-game series.']), ([u"Earnhardt, Edwards Don't Miss Chase-Related Pressure"], [u'BROOKLYN, Mich. \u2014  Just over halfway through the Sprint Cup regular season, Dale Earnhardt Jr. can be about as carefree as he wants on the racetrack.', u'"We could run terrible," he said. "We could have accidents every week and still make the Chase."', u"That's certainly an extreme way of putting it, but Earnhardt is one of several drivers who can rest easy, having already won a race to put themselves in almost certain position to make NASCAR's Chase for the Sprint Cup. So those racers can relax \u2014 and maybe drive a bit more aggressively for the win, because it probably doesn't matter if a move backfires.", u'"Once you have a win and you\'re in the Chase you can really kind of let it hang out and have a little more fun," said Carl Edwards, who won at Charlotte three races ago. "It takes a little bit of the anxiety away and little bit of the pressure, and everybody is just a little bit more loose."', u'Nobody has mathematically clinched a spot yet in the Chase \u2014 drivers have to be in the top 30 in points to make it. But the 10 drivers with victories have little reason to worry about their postseason chances.', u"That's not to say they'll be mailing in these next few weeks. Earnhardt added a pair of third-place finishes after his victory at Talladega in May. He's been out of the top 10 the last two races, but that's a risk he's willing to accept, especially if it's a byproduct of trying to finish first.", u'"Winning races is so important. ... Only the winners get the acknowledgement and are relevant, so for our sponsors, partners, for network, for awareness, everything comes down to winning. People don\'t remember this great run you had, that you finished fifth," Earnhardt said. "Since we\'ve got the win, we\'re locked in. We can calm down and not be nervous and worried about our points in that situation, and we just go race. Second, fifth, it\'s really about the same thing."', u"It's a simplistic way of looking at each race, one Earnhardt says he enjoys.", u'"It\'s not like we\'re just kicking our feet up," he said. "You\'re really racing and enjoying it in its purest form, like you did when you started."', u'Edwards, in his first season after joining Joe Gibbs Racing, can use this relatively calm period in the season to build toward the Chase.', u'"My teammates are so good," he said. "We go to these meetings and I feel like I\'m in school. I\'m learning from these guys. I\'m so excited to apply that and have the opportunity to race in a low-stress environment."', u"Earnhardt won at Michigan in 2008 and 2012, snapping long losing streaks both times. After this weekend's race, the Sprint Cup schedule has a break that will allow him to head to Germany for about a week to research some family history. Earnhardt has German ancestors who were there in the early 1700s.", u'The auto industry is big in Germany, of course, but Earnhardt says this is a vacation \u2014 not a work-related tour.', u'"I just want to be anonymous," Earnhardt said. "I just kind of want to go over and disappear for a while."', u"He sounds a bit like a baseball player about to enjoy the All-Star break. The difference is that in baseball, you can't wrap up a playoff berth in July.", u'"The pressure to be in the Chase, the pressure from everybody watching and the networks and the broadcasts and the partnerships, all that stuff sort of makes racing a lot harder to enjoy, because there\'s just so much pressure on success," Earnhardt said. "It\'s not like that when you first start out. You kind of miss that a little bit, so when you get that Chase position kind of locked in, you can go back to just enjoying racing for what it was."']), ([u'Ross Kenseth Wins ARCA Race at Michigan'], [u'BROOKLYN, Mich. \u2014  Ross Kenseth has earned his first victory on the ARCA Racing Series, beating Frank Kimmel by 2.1 seconds at Michigan International Speedway on Friday.', u'Kenseth is the son of NASCAR Sprint Cup star Matt Kenseth. Ross Kenseth, 22, was making his third career ARCA start.', u'Kimmel, by contrast, has 80 career victories. This was his 270th finish in the top five.', u'Austin Wayne Self took third place.', u'Ross Kenseth was making his first ARCA start of 2015. He drove the No. 52 Chevrolet for Ken Schrader Racing.', u'"This is the best I\'ve ran at a big track," he said. "I felt like right out of the bat we were real fast."']), ([u"We're Ready to Do the Business, Says Wales Winger Bale"], [u"CARDIFF \u2014  Wales fans probably did not need a reminder of Gareth Bale's abilities but he gave them another showcase of his talents and scored a superbly taken goal to seal a crucial 1-0 win over Belgium on Friday.", u'The Real Madrid winger might have thought at the outset of his international career that major tournaments were a distant dream, but he is doing his best to defy expectations and propel Wales almost single-handedly into Euro 2016.', u"Wales top qualifying Group B, three points clear of the highly-fancied Belgians after Bale's expertly taken first-half finish allowed them to shut up shop and claim a precious three points to move potentially within two wins of qualification.", u'With their last and only major tournament experience coming at the 1958 World Cup, a mythical finishing line that has defied previous Wales greats such as Ian Rush, Mark Hughes and Ryan Giggs is now in sight.', u'"It\'s hard to put it into words. We prepared well, played some good football and battled in every area," Bale told Sky Sports.', u'"After 70 minutes I was gone. The gaffer said to leave nothing out there on the pitch and we did that. Now we can enjoy our summer."', u'"We know the position we\'re in and we\'ll enjoy this evening. There\'s a long way to go but when the next game comes along we\'ll be ready to do the business."', u'Wales next qualifier is away to Cyprus in September.', u'THE DIFFERENCE', u'Bale proved the difference with a superb finish, capitalising on a terrible header back towards his own goal by Radja Nainggolan to control calmly, turn and slot his finish beneath goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois.', u'The winger will now rightly steal the headlines again but the Welsh defence deserves an honourable mention after another superb shut out.', u'After Wales took the lead, it was backs to the wall, but a Belgian frontline laced with talents such as Eden Hazard and Christian Benteke could not find a breakthrough.', u'Wales have now conceded just two goals, and none from open play, in their six qualifiers.', u'"We defended like demons and the fans were incredible," Wales boss Chris Coleman said.', u'"It was not one of our best performances but we just dug in. That is what we do when we don\'t play well, we sacrifice some imagination but dig in as a team.', u'"We stood up to what Belgium wanted to do. To do anything tonight we needed everything, we couldn\'t hold back and we got that and more."', u'(Reporting by Toby Davis; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"Killorn's Strong Play Helps Propel Lightning in Playoffs"], [u"TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  Alex Killorn doesn't have any qualms about graduating from a prestigious college and not pursuing a cushy job that might pay a lot of money but also keep him behind a desk in the office all day.", u"No, he's doing quite well wearing the uniform of the Tampa Bay Lightning and skating on a line with one of the NHL's biggest stars in the Stanley Cup Final.", u'Steven Stamkos, and even the young "Triplets" line of Tyler Johnson, Nikita Kucherov and Ondrej Palat, all receive a lot more recognition. However, the Harvard-educated Killorn is coolly showing how much he means to his team during an impressive playoff run.', u'The 25-year-old center is tied for sixth in the league with nine goals in 24 postseason games, two more than Stamkos, a three-time All-Star and two-time league goals-scored leader.', u"Killon's also tied for seventh with 18 playoff points, including two goals in the Stanley Cup Final.", u"But that only begins to describe how much he's meant to the Lightning.", u'They thrive on his willingness to do whatever necessary \u2014 offensively, defensively or on specialty units \u2014 to help the team.', u'"He\'s just one of those guys that makes everybody around him better," coach Jon Cooper said.', u'"He\'s a guy who flies under the radar because he just does everything right," Stamkos said. "He\'s a guy who you can trust in all situations."', u"A native of Halifax, Nova Scotia, who grew up outside Montreal, Killorn didn't take the likeliest of paths to a pro hockey career, beginning with his parents decision to send him to a boarding school in Massachusetts.", u"From there, he entered Harvard \u2014 much to his mother's delight \u2014 instead of selecting a school better known for hockey. Tampa Bay drafted him in the third round in 2007, but didn't pressure him to leave school.", u"Killorn earned a degree in government and political science, took advantage of a break during Norfolk's drive to a Calder Cup title to attend graduation ceremonies in 2012, and has been on a fast track to a successful NHL career ever since.", u'"I look at what my friends are doing right now, sitting in offices from 5 in the morning until 9 at night, and I\'m pretty happy with what I\'m doing," said Killorn, who\'s finishing his second full season in the league.', u"There's little he doesn't do for the Lightning, playing on a line where it's easy to be overshadowed by the high-scoring Stamkos and veteran Valtteri Filppula, the only member of a largely young team who has won a Stanley Cup title.", u"Besides having the speed and skill to be a dangerous scorer, he's embraced a defensive-minded game plan that's carried the league's highest-scoring team in the playoffs.", u'Each of the first four games in the Stanley Cup Final has been decided by one goal, with the Lightning and Chicago Blackhawks each winning twice. Game 5 is Saturday night.', u'"Defensively it\'s been nice. We really haven\'t given up much. ... We want to keep playing that way. You give yourself a chance every night," Killorn said. "We\'re still getting our chances offensively, but we\'re not forcing anything. ... We want to keep doing that."', u'Cooper marvels at the little things Killorn routinely does to help the Lightning be successful, likening the role he plays to that of Palat, who teams with Johnson and Kucherov to form the Triplets, who have combined for 23 goals and 45 points in the playoffs.', u"Johnson leads the NHL with a franchise-postseason record 13 goals and Kucherov has 10, tied for second with Chicago's Patrick Kane and Jonatahn Toews and Anaheim's Corey Perry.", u'"Fil and Stammer, and Kuch and Johnny, are probably looked at as skill and finesse, and scoring, all those kind of things," Cooper said of his team\'s top two lines.', u'"Well, what is the straw the stirs the drink? (Killorn and Palat) quietly go in the corner and get the pucks and they quietly make sure they\'re driving the net. And they quietly have the first guy back on the backcheck. And they\'re quietly blocking the shot," Cooper added, using the word "quietly" because that\'s the word a reporter used to describe the way Killorn goes about his business.', u'"I don\'t know if that\'s quiet. Maybe, but it\'s noise for us, and it\'s great noise," the Tampa Bay coach said. "A lot of people talk about lines and pairs. ... But who is that third guy that can kind of hold everything together?"']), ([u'Hunter in Twins Lineup After Appealing 2-Game Suspension'], [u'ARLINGTON, Texas \u2014  Torii Hunter has appealed a two-game suspension that he believes is a "little harsh" for his equipment-throwing outburst after being ejected earlier this week,', u"Major League Baseball also Friday fined the Minnesota Twins outfielder an undisclosed amount for his tantrum during Wednesday's home game against Kansas City.", u'Hunter was in the Twins lineup Friday night, batting second and playing right field, for the series opener at Texas.', u'"I didn\'t expect two games," Hunter said. "I got ejected, so I knew something was going to come down."', u'After being tossed by home plate umpire Mark Ripperger for arguing a called third strike in the eighth inning Wednesday night, Hunter had to be restrained briefly.', u"Hunter then yanked off his elbow pad, shin guard and batting gloves and threw them toward the batter's box. Before retreating to the dugout, he ripped off his jersey and threw that.", u'Hunter talked about his emotions after the game, and said that even umpires have bad days.', u'"I\'m a passionate guy, this is my job, and I come to do my job well," Hunter said Friday. "And I expect you to do your job as well."', u'The Twins lost that game 7-2, ending a 1-5 homestand that dropped them out of the AL Central lead.', u"Hunter said he wasn't sure when the appeal would be heard.", u'"I have no idea, I\'ve never appealed. I\'ve always accepted my punishment," Hunter said. "I understand the punishment now, but I just think it\'s a little harsh right now."']), ([u'Croatia Euro Qualifier With Italy Marred by Swastika Cross'], [u"SPLIT, Croatia \u2014  Croatia's 1-1 Euro 2016 qualifying draw at home to Italy was marred by a racist incident when a swastika cross appeared on the pitch in a match played behind closed doors on Friday.", u'Imprinted into the grass of the Poljud stadium, the swastika was noticeable in the first half of the Group H fixture played without any fans present after the Croatians had been given a one-match ban for prior offences.', u'"We apologise to all fans watching the game on television, to both teams and to our guests from Italy for the Nazi symbol," Croatian football association (HNS) press officer Tomislav Pacak told the Balkan country\'s media.', u'"As far as we have learned, the symbol was imprinted into the pitch between 24 and 48 hours before the match so that it could be visible during the game.', u'"This is sabotage and a felony, hence we expect police to identify the perpetrators and we have also notified UEFA.', u'"This is a disgrace not just for the HNS but for the whole of Croatia. Neither our coach nor players will comment."', u'Croatia were already being punished for repeated offences by their supporters, who shouted racist slogans during a 5-1 home win over Norway in Zagreb in March.', u"That came on the back of incidents in last November's 1-1 draw against Italy in Milan, when visiting Croatia fans twice halted play by hurling flares on to the pitch.", u'(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Argentina Keeper Romero Fit for Paraguay Copa Opener'], [u'LA SERENA, Chile \u2014  Argentina goalkeeper Sergio Romero, whose shootout saves against Netherlands put his side in the 2014 World Cup final, has recovered from injury and starts in their Copa America opener versus Paraguay on Saturday.', u'Romero goes into the Group B match in La Serena (2130 GMT) as Argentina\u2019s most capped keeper with 59 appearances, having broken 1978 World Cup winner Ubaldo Fillol\u2019s record in last week\u2019s 5-0 warm-up win over Bolivia.', u'He is one of six players in the team whose last competitive match for Copa favourites Argentina was the World Cup final defeat by Germany in Rio de Janeiro last July.', u'Argentina reached the showpiece game thanks to two penalty saves by Romero in the semi-final shootout following a 0-0 draw after extra time against the Dutch.', u'Romero is joined by defenders Ezequiel Garay and Marcos Rojo, midfielder Javier Mascherano, captain Lionel Messi and striker Sergio Aguero, who was a substitute in the final.', u'Aguero sharpened his teeth with a hat-trick against Bolivia to win his place over Carlos Tevez while Angel Di Maria, who missed the Brazil final through injury, scored twice in the warm-up and comes back on the left wing.', u'Pablo Zabaleta and Lucas Biglia have not made it into the team due to injury.', u'Argentina are determined to end a 22-year wait for a title since their last Copa triumph after defeats by Brazil in the 2004 and 2007 Copa finals and last year\u2019s World Cup loss to Germany in Rio.', u'\u201cThis generation deserves to achieve something,\u201d Messi said earlier this week. \u201cWe felt very bad (after the World Cup final) and now we can get a trophy we desire very much.\u201d', u'PARAGUAY EXPERIENCE', u'Coach Gerardo Martino said he owed a debt of gratitude to Paraguay, who he coached to their first World Cup quarter-final in 2010 and the Copa America final in 2011.', u'\u201cAs a coach I owe everything to Paraguay. These boys gave us five marvellous years,\u201d he told reporters on Friday.', u'In the other Group B match, Uruguay begin the defence of their record 15th title, won in Argentina in 2011, against Jamaica in Antofagasta (1900).', u'The Jamaicans, making their Copa debut as guests, are such a mystery to the Uruguayans that striker Edinson Cavani said on Thursday they were strong and athletic like all African teams.', u'Cavani, who will lead the attack in the absence of banned Luis Suarez, later apologised for his geographical faux pas.', u'Coach Oscar Tabarez was under no illusions on Friday that Jamaica would pose Uruguay problems.', u'\u201cAt this point in the development of football there are no tactically naive or careless teams,\u201d he told reporters.', u'Suarez misses the tournament after being banned for nine competitive matches by FIFA after biting Italy\u2019s Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup.', u'(Reporting by Santiago Torres; Writing by Rex Gowar; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"Judge Puts Hold on Arizona City's Effort to Evict NHL's Coyotes"], [u"PHOENIX \u2014  A county judge put a temporary hold on Friday on an Arizona city's effort to end its lease agreement with the National Hockey League's Arizona Coyotes to play at its city-owned arena, court officials said.", u'Judge Dawn Bergin granted a request made by the team in Maricopa County Superior Court for a temporary restraining order to block the decision made by the Glendale City Council this week.', u'Coyotes officials went to court earlier on Friday seeking the order, arguing in a statement that it was needed "to defend their rights and reaffirm their continuing commitment to their great fans."', u"The team said in the statement that the legal action was needed to \u201cstop the City of Glendale's baseless attack on, and improper attempt to void, the Coyotes' lawful and proper lease.\u201d", u'On Wednesday, the council voted 5-2 to terminate the team\u2019s lease at the Gila River Arena, citing a law that bars city employees from being a part of contract negotiations and later working for the other side. No specific individual was cited.', u'\u201cWe can\u2019t and won\u2019t support a contract that favored the sports team over the interests of Glendale citizens,\u201d Glendale Mayor Jerry Weiers said in a statement, adding that efforts to renegotiate the pact were rejected by the team.', u'Meanwhile, the city said it would hold a closed-door executive session on Tuesday following a possible breakthrough in the dispute.', u'\u201cAn opportunity for the two of us to discuss the issues has presented itself, and I am optimistic that with continued dialogue we can come to an agreement that satisfies both parties,\u201d Weiers said.', u'A spokeswoman could not elaborate on the details. The city has yet to send a required letter to the Coyotes making formal the City Council\u2019s decision.', u'Coyotes officials have blasted the council\u2019s decision, which could oust the team from its suburban Phoenix home, ending a 15-year, $225 million agreement signed in 2013.', u'The deal was signed several months after the team was purchased from the NHL by IceArizona, a group of business executives. A hedge fund manager bought 51 percent of the team last year.', u"The City Council's decision poses yet another question for a franchise that has been on shaky financial footing since it arrived in 1996, with almost constant rumors that the team would leave Arizona.", u'(Reporting by David Schwartz; Editing by Cynthia Johnston and Eric Beech)']), ([u'Kahne Tops Michigan Qualifying for First Pole Since 2012'], [u"BROOKLYN, Mich. \u2014  It's hard to believe for those who follow NASCAR, but Kasey Kahne had not won a pole since 2012.", u'That drought is finally over.', u'Kahne took his first NASCAR Sprint Cup pole in nearly 32 months Friday, topping qualifying at Michigan International Speedway with a lap of 201.992 mph.', u'"In the past it seemed way easier to win poles," Kahne said. "The last three years have been more difficult for some reason to qualify first, but we were able to do that today, and hopefully this will propel us into a good Sunday and also more poles and things throughout the season."', u"It's the first pole for the 35-year-old driver since October 2012 at Kansas, but it's the 27th of his career, tying him with NASCAR Hall of Fame inductee Terry Labonte for 25th on the career list.", u"It's hard to say exactly why Kahne went so long without a pole. His theory is there's now more competition at the top during qualifying.", u'"I think the drivers, the teams are better than what they used to be. A lot of times a tenth separates 15 cars," he said. "I don\'t remember it being quite like that when I first came into the sport."', u'Points leader Kevin Harvick was second Friday.', u'Kahne, eighth in the standings, has yet to win this season. Kahne is the ninth different pole winner in the last nine races at Michigan \u2014 a streak that began after he won it in August 2010. His lone win at Michigan came in 2006.', u'"Doing a good job on restarts, that will be key for me," he said. "If I\'m getting good restarts and staying in the front, if we are in the first couple of rows staying where I\'m at and not losing spots there, staying toward the front, that will be key to being there late in the race and having a shot on that final restart or that final long run, whatever it may be."', u'Kahne fell well short of the track qualifying record of 206.558 mph set by Jeff Gordon last August.', u'"Mainly just the power of the car, we have a lot less power," Kahne said. "As far as driving and how much 100 percent throttle I was on, I will guarantee that was more today than what it was last year. It was just slower because you don\'t have as much horsepower to run the speed around the track."']), ([u'US Open Trivia Quiz'], [u'How well do you know the ', u'? Try this trivia quiz:', u'FRONT NINE (5 points each)', u'1. Who holds the largest margin of victory at the U.S. Open?', u'a.) Rory McIlroy', u'b.) Tiger Woods', u'c.) Willie Smith', u'2. Where was the first U.S. Open played?', u'a.) Shinnecock Hills', u'b.) Chicago Golf Club', u'c.) Newport Country Club', u'3. Who was the last player to successfully defend his title in the U.S. Open?', u'a.) Ben Hogan', u'b.) Curtis Strange', u'c.) Andy North', u'4. Name the only player to complete the career Grand Slam at the U.S. Open.', u'a.) Jack Nicklaus', u'b.) Bobby Jones', u'c.) Gary Player', u'5. Who is the only player to lose three U.S. Open playoffs?', u'a.) Greg Norman', u'b.) Arnold Palmer', u'c.) Sam Snead', u'6. Which golf course has held the U.S. Open the most times?', u'a.) Oakmont', u'b.) Medinah', u'c.) Baltusrol', u'7. Four players have shot 63 in the U.S. Open. Who was the most recent?', u'a.) Steve Stricker', u'b.) Vijay Singh', u'c.) Jose Maria Olazabal', u'8. Name the only player to finish under par in three straight U.S. Opens.', u'a.) Tiger Woods', u'b.) Lee Janzen', u'c.) Curtis Strange', u'9. How many times has Phil Mickelson won the silver medal for finishing second in the U.S. Open?', u'a.) 6', u'b.) 5', u'c.) 4', u'BACK NINE (10 points each)', u'10. Who holds the record for lowest 72-hole score in the U.S. Open?', u'a.) Martin Kaymer', u'b.) Rory McIlroy', u'c.) Tiger Woods', u'11. Name the first American-born player to win the U.S. Open.', u'a.) John McDermott', u'b.) Walter Hagen', u'c.) Chick Evans', u'12. Which player lost the largest 54-hole lead in U.S. Open history?', u'a.) Mike Brady', u'b.) Greg Norman', u'c.) John Schlee', u'13. Who recorded the highest score on a single hole in the U.S. Open?', u'a.) John Daly', u'b.) Kevin Na', u'c.) Ray Ainsley', u'14. Billy Burke won the longest U.S. Open ever in 1931 by one shot at Inverness. How many holes did he play?', u'a.) 90', u'b.) 108', u'c.) 144', u'15. Name the oldest U.S. Open champion', u'a.) Julius Boros', u'b.) Hale Irwin', u'c.) Raymond Floyd', u'16. Who was the last player to win in his U.S. Open debut?', u'a.) Francis Ouimet', u'b.) Jack Fleck', u'c.) Jerry Pate', u'17. Since the world ranking began in 1986, which player had the worst ranking when he won the U.S. Open?', u'a.) Scott Simpson', u'b.) Steve Jones', u'c.) Hale Irwin', u'18. Name the last amateur to win the U.S. Open.', u'a.) Bobby Jones', u'b.) Johnny Goodman', u'c.) Olin Dutra', u'19th HOLE (25 points)', u'Who was the last player to make birdie on the 72nd hole to win the U.S. Open by one shot?', u'a.) Bobby Jones', u'b.) Arnold Palmer', u'c.) Payne Stewart', u'___', u'ANSWERS:', u'1. b', u'2. c', u'3. b', u'4. c', u'5. b', u'6. a', u'7. b', u'8. c', u'9. a', u'10. b', u'11. a', u'12. a', u'13. c', u'14. c', u'15. b', u'16. a', u'17. b', u'18. b', u'19. a']), ([u"Rugby's Sir Gareth, England Cricketer Anderson Gets OBE"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Former Wales scrumhalf Gareth Edwards was knighted and English cricket's leading test wicket-taker James Anderson was given the OBE in the Queen's summer honours list announced on Friday.", u'Edwards, 67, won 53 caps for Wales from 1967-1978, 13 as captain, and played 10 times for the British & Irish Lions on their victorious tours of New Zealand in 1971 and South Africa in 1974.', u'A Rugby World magazine poll in 2003 named him as the greatest player of all time.', u'\u201cGareth Edwards fully deserves the honour of a knighthood for the incredible contribution to rugby he has made both on and off the field," Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) president Dennis Gethin said in a WRU statement.', u"\u201cHis reputation as a player is possibly unparalleled and since retiring from the game he has continued to be a powerful ambassador for rugby both in Wales and around the world.\u201dAnderson, 32, became England's leading test wicket taker this year, surpassing Ian Botham's record of 383 victims.", u"He claimed his 400th wicket in the recent series against New Zealand and is still England's leading fast bowler ahead of this summer's Ashes series against Australia.", u'\u201cThis means an enormous amount to me and my family," Anderson said in an England and Wales Cricket Board statement.', u'"I\'m very proud of my recent achievements and this just caps it off. These achievements wouldn\'t have been possible without the help and support of my family, friends and everyone at Burnley Cricket Club, Lancashire County Cricket Club and England.\u201d', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Bosnia Revive Euro Hopes With 3-1 Win Over Israel'], [u"(Reuters) - Two goals by striker Edin Visca and a penalty from Edin Dzeko helped Bosnia to a 3-1 win over Israel in Euro 2016 qualifying Group B in Zenica on Friday, reviving the hosts' chances of reaching the finals in France.", u'Visca scored in the 42nd minute after Israel took a surprising lead against the run of play a minute earlier through striker Tal Ben Haim.', u"Manchester City's Dzeko put the hosts in the lead in added time in the first half and Visca put the match to bed with a header from close range in the 75th.", u"Wales, who beat Belgium 1-0, top the group with 14 points, three clear of Friday's opponents.", u'Cyprus and Israel have nine and Bosnia are on eight points, with Andorra propping up the group on zero. All teams have played six matches.', u'(Writing by Ori Lewis; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Ramirez, Fiers Lead Brewers in 8-4 Win Over Nationals'], [u'MILWAUKEE \u2014  Aramis Ramirez hit three doubles and drove in five runs, Mike Fiers pitched seven effective innings, and the Milwaukee Brewers beat the Washington Nationals 8-4 on Friday night.', u"Ramirez put Milwaukee ahead 2-0 in the first with his ninth double of the season. His 10th drove in a run in the third. Then he highlighted the Brewers' four-run fourth inning with his 11th, a two-run line drive off reliever Taylor Hill. Jonathan Lucroy knocked in the other two runs that inning with a single.", u'Fiers (3-6) allowed three runs and five hits. He struck out eight and walked three in his second career victory in two starts against the Nationals. He pitched 6 1/3 scoreless innings in a 6-0 win against Washington July 27, 2012, and made two relief appearances against them last season.', u'Jordan Zimmermann (5-4) allowed six runs and nine hits in 3 1/3 innings, the shortest start since going 2 1/3 on April 13. He walked one and struck out four.', u'Bryce Harper did what he could to keep the Nationals close. He hit a solo shot, his 21st home run of the season, leading off the second and knocked in the second run with an RBI single in the third.', u"Tyler Moore homered in the seventh and Wilson Ramos's double off reliever Corey Knebel in the eighth drove in Harper.", u"Nationals manager Matt Williams' astute eye cost the Brewers a run in the third. He asked for a review of second base umpire Todd Tichenor's safe call at second. Gerardo Parra dove head first back to the bag on a pickoff play as shortstop Ian Desmond applied the tag. It took 59 seconds for the timely reversal. One batter later, Ramirez doubled home Ryan Braun from first.", u'Adam Lind made it 8-2 with a run-scoring in the sixth. Each position player had at least one hit for Milwaukee which tied its season-high with 16 hits.', u'Jonathan Broxton pitched the ninth for Milwaukee.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Nationals: Stephen Strasburg, on the DL with neck tightness since May 30, threw 60 pitches before Friday night's game. The right-hander used all his pitches and there were no issues, according to Williams. Strasburg (3-5, 6.55 ERA) would be re-evaluated Saturday. ... The Nationals activated newly acquired right-handed reliever David Carpenter after placing right-hander Aaron Barrett on the 15-day disabled list with a strained right bicep. Carpenter got into the game in the eighth and retired the side in order.", u'Brewers: CF Carlos Gomez (sore legs) missed his third consecutive game. "He\'s day-to-day, but hopefully tomorrow," manager Craig Counsell said.', u'UP NEXT', u'Nationals: RHP Joe Ross (0-1) is scheduled to make his first career road start Saturday. In his debut against the Chicago Cubs on June 6, he allowed three earned runs on six hits over five innings.', u"Brewers: RHP Jimmy Nelson (3-6, 4.05 ERA) looks to make his sixth quality start Saturday against a team he's never faced."]), ([u'US Open Hole by Hole'], [u'UNIVERSITY PLACE, Wash. \u2014  A hole-by-hole look at Chambers Bay, site of the 115th ', u' to be played June 18-21:', u'No. 1, 496-598 yards, par 4-5: For the first time in U.S. Open history, a hole will have a different par depending on the round. As a par 5, the fairway is plenty generous off the tee and should be reachable in two depending on the wind strength and direction off Puget Sound. As a par 4, the landing area is much tighter and the green will be more difficult to hold with a mid-iron. The USGA expects the scoring average to be roughly similar regardless of par.', u'No. 2, 399 yards, par 4: Players likely will hit iron off the tee to avoid a knob in the landing area that could send shots left or right. A short iron will be left to a green that has a slope off the right, and a large sand area left of the green.', u'No. 3, 163-198 yards, par 3: A short or medium iron is likely to this Redan green that slopes from the front right to the rear left. The bunker complex on the left side of the hole is deep and dotted with deep fescue. The green features a small ridge, and with contours on the putting surface, players can get creative to try to get close to various pin positions.', u'No. 4, 495 yards, par 4: This starts the tough stretch on the front nine. It played as a par 5 for the U.S. Amateur. The landing area is generous. The safe shot is down the left, which makes the hole slightly longer. The right side requires the player to take on a massive bunker complex that stretches all the way to the green. The second shot is uphill and could require a long iron or metal. What helps is a natural backstop for shots that go long. The green has contours that move the ball from left to right.', u'No. 5, 488 yards, par 4: A magnificent view with an elevated tee and Puget Sound in the background. The fairway narrows just beyond 300 yards off the tee, and the landing area is framed by bunker complexes. The fairway slopes to the left, which could send tee shots into sand and leave a partially blind shot. A deep pot bunker guards the front of a green that slopes severely from back to front. For the U.S. Amateur, there was another green about 300 yards from the tee. That has been eliminated.', u'No. 6, 495 yards, par 4: The hole has been lengthened by some 100 yards. It features a partially blind tee shot to a landing zone with contours that send the ball in multiple directions. A shot down the left side leaves a longer approach, but a clear view of the green. The putting surface is framed by dunes and long bunkers down each side of the long, narrow green. The green slopes from back to front, and it will be important to keep the ball below the hole.', u'No. 7, 508 yards, par 4: This plays slightly uphill and bends slightly to the right. An aggressive play off the tee will move from left to right to take on the large bunker complex down the right side. The USGA has grown light rough in down the left side, which is safer, but leaves a tougher shot because of two large, rough-covered hillocks obstructing a clear view of the green. The elevated green slopes from back to front and has multiple tiers. It has been softened since the Amateur.', u'No. 8, 614 yards, par 5: The longest hole at Chambers Bay is the only one without a bunker. It is framed by a hillside on the left and a steep drop off to the right. With subtle contours, players likely will have uneven lies for their second and third shots. The hole gradually rises all the way to the green, which is long and narrow and has several ridges that will make it critical to have the right distance depending on the pin position.', u'No. 9, 217-224 yards, par 3: No other par 3 offers two distinct shots depending on the tee. The main tee features a 100-foot drop in elevation. The USGA created another tee that makes this hole slightly uphill. The angle of the lower tee provides a distinct backstop behind the green. A large bunker complex is short and to the right of one of the largest greens on the course. The green has contours that, if played properly, can funnel the ball toward the hole.', u'No. 10, 436-468 yards, par 4: Different tees made this drivable on some days at the U.S. Amateur. The landing area tightens as the fairway rises toward the green. The approach is set between dunes and sand and sits diagonally. The green slopes away from the dunes and back to front with multiple sets of contours.', u'No. 11, 500-537 yards, par 4: One of the toughest par 4s on the course, this elevated tee shot requires a right-to-left shape to avoid a large hillock that is situated in the middle of the fairway.  The green is slightly elevated and generally moves right to left, but the contours are such that any misplayed shot will roll quickly off the green and could leave players some 40 yards away.', u'No. 12, 281-311 yards, par 4: This short, uphill hole allows for multiple options off the tee. The fairway is narrow and fairly easy to hit. Most players will be able to reach the green \u2014 the largest on the course \u2014 but there is a big bunker short and left of the green. The green is severely sloped from back to front and set in a punch bowl, so misplayed shots will repel away from the green. The green has distinct quadrants, and the right distance with shots into the green is critical.', u"No. 13, 534 yards, par 4: The fairway is nearly 115 yards wide \u2014 more than four times as wide as a typical U.S. Open fairway. The aggressive play is to the right side toward a bunker complex and will shorten the approach. Getting to the green is not a problem. It's holding the green. A deep bunker is front of the green, and a nob on the left repels shots. A slope on the right also sends golf balls away from the green.", u'No. 14, 521-546 yards, par 4: The longest par in U.S. Open history features an elevated tee some 200 feet above sea level. The tee shot drops at least 50 feet and must cover the largest bunker complex and native area at Chambers Bay. Adding to the difficulty is a bunker in the middle of the landing zone that must be avoided. The green features a pronounced ridge in the middle.', u'No. 15, 123-246 yards, par 3: This could be the longest or the shortest par 3 at Chambers Bay depending on the tee that is in use. The only tree on the course, a Douglas fir, is behind the green. The putting surface has two sections. The left side slopes from back to front and is easier to hold, presumably for the longer shot. The front side repels just about any shot that is not struck precisely.', u"No. 16, 423 yards, par 4: The rail and Puget Sound are to the right of this hole with a fairway that slopes from left to right and becomes more narrow just short of 300 yards. The green is small, framed by bunkers on both sides, and is pear-shaped. It's twice as wide at the front as it is in the back. The back sliver of the green has bunker on both sides. The tees could be moved forward to allow players to try to drive the green.", u"No. 17, 172-218 yards, par 3: The only par 3 at Chambers Bay that is neither uphill nor downhill. It's a long carry across a bunker complex and native area to a green that is divided into two sections. The more friendly side is to the left, which slopes from front to back. This will be used for the longer shot. The right side is elevated and framed on three sides by a bunker, with the ridge in the green on the left side of the section.", u"No. 18, 525-604 yards, par 4-5: This will be a par 4 or par 5, the opposite of whatever par is chosen for No. 1 so that Chambers Bay plays to a par 70 each round. As a par 5, players will try to carry as much of the bunker complex as possible on the right to allow a chance to reach the green in two. As a par 4, the goal is to avoid a deep cross bunker. The USGA added a bunker about 120 yards from the green that is some 10 feet deep. It probably won't come into play unless a player gets into trouble off the tee. The green is among the severely contoured on the golf course. The decision is whether to make this a par 4 or par 5 for the final round."]), ([u'NASCAR Drivers Address Potential Midseason Rules Changes'], [u'BROOKLYN, Mich. \u2014  Martin Truex Jr. has plenty of questions about the possibility of midseason rules changes aimed at creating better racing.', u'"What\'s it going to be like?" the NASCAR Sprint Cup driver said. "Is it going to do what they think and what some of the drivers think it\'s going to do?"', u"And then there's perhaps the most important concern.", u'"How much time do you want to spend on worrying about one race? Are we going to have this rules package for the Chase?" he said.', u"Sprint Cup drivers spent time Friday addressing potential rule changes that could occur as early as next month's race at Kentucky. NASCAR met with key industry leaders at its North Carolina research and development center this week to discuss that possibility, according to a person who attended the meeting and spoke on condition of anonymity because NASCAR requested the details not be made public.", u"Various rule packages were discussed. It's not clear if the changes would be limited to Kentucky, a 1.5-mile speedway that can be very dependent on aerodynamics. Kentucky is similar to Charlotte Motor Speedway, which hosted two races last month where passing was difficult.", u'"I\'m fine with what I\'m hearing about a reduction in downforce if they can bring a softer tire," Jeff Gordon said to reporters after being asked about the issue. "To me that is the whole key in kind of where we are at today. We knew the power was being reduced. A lot of the drivers were really asking for less downforce if the power was going to be reduced, but the key component to that was being able to get Goodyear to match the tire up for that to have a little bit more grip at the beginning of a run and maybe have some fall off."', u"Indianapolis Motor Speedway is also on NASCAR's schedule next month, and racing could be difficult to watch there under the current rules package. The Brickyard 400 has diminished the last several years because passing is at a premium and the field is easily strung out. The track is also hard on tires.", u"For now, NASCAR has to work closely with Goodyear on any potential rule changes and it's not clear if the tiremaker can handle significant changes without sacrificing quality. That's why any potential changes could be limited to Kentucky, with a hopeful eye on Indianapolis and the August race at Michigan.", u'"I\'d be in favor of anything that makes the cars able to race around each other and to put more of the speed into the drivers\' hands," Carl Edwards said. "I know NASCAR is all for the same thing. Everybody wants this thing to be the best possible show for the fans and I don\'t think NASCAR is scared to make changes."', u"There was no official comment from NASCAR, but Edwards sounded like he'd be fine with changing the rules at this point in the season.", u'"As long as the teams are able to implement the changes logistically and financially without a huge burden, change anything you want anytime you want," he said. "As long as it\'s the same for everyone, who cares? As far as I\'m concerned, you could make up rules or have changes five minutes before the race starts."', u'___', u'AP Auto Racing Writer Jenna Fryer contributed to this report.']), ([u'Astros Rough Up King Felix in 10-0 Win Over Seattle'], [u"HOUSTON \u2014  The Houston Astros cast aside their recent offensive woes with an unlikely outburst against one of the game's best pitchers Friday night to snap a season-high, seven-game skid.", u'Luis Valbuena and Jason Castro homered as the Astros chased Felix Hernandez during an eight-run first inning on the way to a 10-0 win over the Seattle Mariners.', u"The Astros had managed more than two runs just once during their losing streak before jumping on Hernandez for more runs than they'd scored in the last three games combined.", u'"Probably one of our best innings of the year," manager A.J. Hinch said. "It had been built up over the last week or so. Very unpredictable to do that against a guy like Felix, but much needed."', u"Carlos Correa and Chris Carter also went deep for the Astros, but All-Star second baseman Jose Altuve left early with discomfort in his right hamstring. Hinch said the team doesn't think the injury is serious, but Altuve will be out of the lineup on Saturday.", u'Hernandez (9-3), who had allowed just seven runs on the road all season, was tagged for five hits and eight runs with two walks. He got only one out, tying the shortest start of his career.', u'"I don\'t know what happened," a stone-faced Hernandez said. "To be honest, I don\'t really know."', u"Brett Oberholtzer (1-1) allowed three hits in eight sharp innings and Joe Thatcher completed the four-hitter. It was Oberholtzer's fourth start of the season after missing much of the year because of two stints on the disabled list.", u'Seattle became the first team since the Montreal Expos in April 2004 to score three runs or fewer 15 times in a 16-game span, according to STATS.', u'"It certainly isn\'t ideal," Kyle Seager said. "You\'d like to score nine runs every night, but ... we\'ll be all right."', u"The Astros were up by three before a three-run shot by Valbuena, and Castro added a two-run homer two batters later to make it 8-0 and end King Felix's night.", u'"They just kept getting hits," Hernandez said. "The home run from Castro was unreal. It was just one of those days."', u'Correa, a highly touted rookie making his home debut, was the only out Hernandez got before his early exit. But the top pick in the 2012 draft added a solo homer in the second, and Carter pushed the lead to double digits with his soaring shot in the fifth.', u'The abbreviated start by Hernandez forced the Mariners to use four relievers before going to catcher Jesus Sucre for the eighth. Sucre was effective, allowing one hit in a scoreless inning in his first major league pitching appearance.', u"Manager Lloyd McClendon said he used Sucre to keep from further taxing a bullpen that had to pitch 5 2-3 innings on Thursday before Friday's fiasco.", u"Altuve got the big inning going with a leadoff single before Preston Tucker walked on four pitches. George Springer's double down the right-field line made it 1-0 before things really started falling apart for Hernandez.", u"Evan Gattis hit a one-hopper to Hernandez on the next pitch, and the right-hander threw home to try and stop Tucker from scoring. Instead, Hernandez threw it in the dirt and the ball bounced off catcher Mike Zunino's leg for an error that allowed two runs to score and Gattis to reach second.", u'Hernandez shook his fist and cursed at himself after the ball rolled away and the runners crossed the plate.', u'After a short mound visit, Hernandez walked Colby Rasmus before striking out Correa for the first out of the inning.', u'But then Valbuena snapped an 0-for-19 slump by sending an 88 mph changeup into the bullpen in right-center to extend the lead to 6-0 and leave the 2010 AL Cy Young Award winner shaking his head.', u'"Blink of an eye, it was 6-0," Hernandez said. "Fifteen pitches."', u"Carter singled before Castro launched a homer to the Crawford Boxes in left field to make it 8-0 and end Hernandez's night just 31 pitches after it began. He looked bewildered as he watched Castro's drive and mumbled to himself before covering his mouth with his glove as he slowly walked to the dugout.", u'The other time Hernandez left after getting just one out came on April 18, 2007, when he was pulled because of an injury.', u"It was the most runs he had allowed since giving up nine \u2014 eight earned \u2014 on Aug. 28, 2013, against Texas and just two away from his career high of 10. Hernandez was great in the first two months of the season and had an ERA of 1.91 entering June. But he's struggled in two of his three starts this month to push it to 3.38.", u"Houston's eight runs were the most the team has scored in an inning since also scoring eight on Aug. 12, 2008.", u"CORREA'S CHEERING SECTION", u'Correa had a large contingent of family and friends at the game. They all wore T-shirts with his name and number on them and waved the flag of his native Puerto Rico when he homered. He received a standing ovation from the home crowd before his first at-bat.', u'"It was a shocking moment for me," he said. "It\'s something that I will never forget when I step to the plate and they just start cheering for me and screaming. It was just a great moment and something I will keep forever."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Mariners: All-Star RHP Hisashi Iwakuma (tightness in upper back) is scheduled to throw a simulated game Monday and if that goes well he could go on a rehabilitation assignment next weekend.', u'Astros: RHP Samuel Deduno (right hip) is expected to throw live batting practice in the next few days and then go on a rehab assignment.', u'UP NEXT', u'Seattle rookie left-hander Mike Montgomery opposes Collin McHugh when the series continues Saturday. Montgomery has a 2.08 ERA but is looking for his first win in his third career start.']), ([u'Hurricanes, Gators Will Play for 242nd Time, but 1st at CWS'], [u'OMAHA, Neb. \u2014  Miami and Florida have met 241 times on the baseball diamond, but never at the College World Series. That changes Saturday night when the powerful programs from the Sunshine State square off at TD Ameritrade Park.', u'The Hurricanes (49-15) are back in Omaha for the 24th time and first since 2008, making this the longest gap between appearances since they started showing up here in 1974. The Gators (46-19) are at the CWS for the ninth time, the fourth since 2010.', u'Neither team has played a non-conference opponent more often. Florida leads the series 127-113-1 and has won 19 of the last 24, including two of three in February in Gainesville.', u'"It\'s a really big advantage for both of us to have seen each other\'s lineup before," Gators freshman star JJ Schwartz said. "We know what to expect. There are going to be no surprises. It\'s a big rivalry, so I think we\'re going to come out and play the best we can."', u'Virginia (39-22), the 2014 national runner-up, plays Arkansas (40-23) in the Bracket 1 opener on Saturday afternoon. Bracket 2 games Sunday pit TCU (49-13) against LSU (53-10) in the afternoon and Cal State Fullerton (39-23) against defending national champion Vanderbilt (47-19) at night.', u'The Hurricanes-Gators matchup figures to be a good test for the new flat-seam baseball, which has sparked a 44 percent increase in home runs this season.', u"Miami's David Thompson shares the NCAA home run lead with 19, teammate Zack Collins has hit 15 and the team total of 62 ranks 11th nationally (and is second to Vanderbilt's 66 among CWS teams). Florida's Schwartz has 18 homers, Harrison Bader has 15 and the team has 60 to rank 13th.", u'"The ball was carrying a little bit today, and there were a few balls in the seats," Miami coach Jim Morris said Friday after his team\'s batting practice. "I like the home run. I don\'t want to go back to the \'90s, where pop-ups were going out, but it\'s a great thing, a beautiful park."', u'Some things to watch as the CWS begins its 66th run in Omaha:', u"PITCHING MATCHUPS: Miami left-hander Andy Suarez (9-1, 2.96 ERA) will go against Florida's Logan Shore (9-6, 2.50) and Virginia's Connor Jones (7-2, 2.96) will face Arkansas' Trey Killian (3-4, 4.74). Sunday starters:  TCU's Preston Morrison (11-3, 2.55) vs. LSU's Jared Poche' (9-1, 2.91) and Cal State Fullerton's Thomas Eshelman (8-5, 1.58) vs. Vanderbilt's Carson Fulmer (13-2, 1.82).", u"KIRBY READY: Virginia ace Nathan Kirby, who strained a back muscle two months ago, should be available by Monday. Kirby started two CWS games last year, when he was a consensus All-American. Coach Brian O'Connor said the left-hander looked good throwing a 40-pitch simulated scrimmage Monday.", u'O\'Connor said he doubted Kirby would be used as a starter. "In all fairness to him," the coach said, "I just don\'t think he\'s built up for that."', u'TIGERS BETTER PREPARED: LSU and its fans seemed to take over Rosenblatt Stadium in the days when the Tigers were winning their six national championships, the last one in 2009. The Tigers went 0-2 in their first appearance at TD Ameritrade in 2013, and coach Paul Mainieri blames himself. There was a folksy vibe to Rosenblatt; TD Ameritrade has more of a corporate feel.', u'"It was much different than the atmosphere we experienced at Rosenblatt, in a lot of little ways," Mainieri said. "A lot of it caught me by surprise. I don\'t feel I had the team as prepared as I should have had them. I had built up the experience of Omaha so much that some of the things that had changed were a little bit of a letdown for the kids, quite frankly."', u"OUT OF THE VOLS' SHADOW: The 2014 national title and three CWS appearances since 2011 have gone a long way in building Vanderbilt's brand in Tennessee.", u'"You couldn\'t buy a Vanderbilt hat back in 2002 and 2003," coach Tim Corbin said. "I remember going to a sporting goods store and asking, and it was a lot of (Volunteers) orange. There was nothing with black and gold. So I think that part has been fun to see."', u'MAKING RIGHT MOVES: Cal State Fullerton has gone 18-3 since a loss on April 25 left the Titans 21-20. Titans coach Rick Vanderhook offered a list of reasons for the turnaround, notably, "I made them shave and get haircuts."', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show Miami is in the College World Series for the 24th time.']), ([u'US Open at a Glance'], [u'UNIVERSITY PLACE, Wash. \u2014  Facts and figures for the 115th ', u' golf championship:', u'Dates: June 18-21.', u'Site: Chambers Bay.', u'The course: Chambers Bay is a public course located south of Seattle along the Puget Sound on what used to be a sand and gravel pit that first was mined in the late 19th century. Once the mining stopped in 2001, the county decided to use the land for recreation, including a golf course built specifically to attract a U.S. Open. Robert Trent Jones Jr. designed the course, a majestic site played among dunes with severe elevation changes, a sandy base and fescue grass that requires less water and allows the ball to roll faster. The USGA plans to change par on two holes \u2014 Nos. 1 and 18 \u2014 which will play as either a par 4 or a par 5, though each round the course will play to a par 70.', u'Length: 7,648 yards (average). Course will play between 7,200 and 7,600 yards each day.', u'Par: 70 (36-34 or 35-35)', u'Cut: Top 60 and ties after 36 holes.', u'Playoff (if necessary): 18 holes on June 22.', u'Field: 156 players', u'Purse: TBA ($9 million in 2014).', u'Defending champion: Martin Kaymer.', u"Last year: Martin Kaymer of Germany became only the seventh wire-to-wire winner in U.S. Open history with an eight-shot victory at Pinehurst No. 2. Kaymer opened with 65-65 to set the 36-hole U.S. Open scoring record at 130. No one got closer than four shots to him over the final 48 holes. It was the first of a U.S. Open doubleheader. Pinehurst No. 2 hosted the U.S. Women's Open the following week.", u'Tiger Tales: Tiger Woods has never finished worse than a tie for 32nd over 72 holes in the U.S. Open.', u'Silver anniversary: Fifty years ago, Gary Player became the only player to complete the career Grand Slam at a U.S. Open. Phil Mickelson will try to become the sixth player with the career Grand Slam at Chambers Bay.', u'Noteworthy: This will be the first U.S. Open without Johnny Miller in the TV booth since 1994. Fox Sports takes over with Greg Norman as the chief analyst.', u'Quoteworthy: "I don\'t know what to expect. I know it will be hard." \u2014 Geoff Ogilvy.', u'Key statistic: Europeans, who had gone 40 years without winning a U.S. Open, have won four of the last five.', u'Television: Thursday and Friday, noon to 8 p.m., FOX Sports 1; 8 p.m. to 11 p.m., FOX. Saturday, 2 p.m. to 10 p.m. FOX; Sunday, 2 p.m. to 10:30 p.m., FOX.']), ([u'Last NCAA Independent Hoops School, NJIT, Joins Atlantic Sun'], [u"NEWARK, N.J. \u2014  NCAA men's and women's basketball no longer has any independent institutions now that the New Jersey Institute of Technology agreed Friday to join the Atlantic Sun Conference.", u'The lone independent among 351 Division I basketball schools over the past two years will be part of the conference in all sports beginning in the fall.', u"NJIT will be immediately eligible to compete for all Atlantic Sun postseason tournaments, plus have a chance to earn a berth in the NCAA Tournament. The NJIT men's soccer team already had a commitment to be a working member of the Sun Belt for the 2015 season, but the Highlanders will join the Atlantic Sun for soccer in 2016.", u'The Atlantic Sun now has eight members after Northern Kentucky left the conference to join the Horizon League, beginning July 1.', u'Atlantic Sun commissioner Ted Gumbart admitted that the move to secure NJIT as a league member was hastened by the departure of Northern Kentucky.', u'"We always have to be aware of future possibilities," said Gumbart, whose conference already had a relationship with NJIT in men\'s and women\'s swimming and diving.', u'"The door was always open for NJIT to prove it belonged with us," he said. "This is a celebration for us as it is for NJIT."', u"It's more of a party for NJIT, which gained Division I status in soccer in 2004 and in the rest of its sports in 2006. NJIT was briefly part of the Great West Conference, but the league did not have an automatic bid to the NCAA Tournament and subsequently disbanded in 2013, leaving NJIT as the nation's lone independent.", u'"A lot of the kids I recruited always asked me first, \'What conference are you in?\'" said NJIT head men\'s basketball coach Jim Engles. "I had kids come here knowing that they might never get a chance to play in a conference tournament and have a chance at the NCAAs.  It\'s been hard, dealing with the fact that we couldn\'t be in a conference. But this is now the future."', u"NJIT still holds the dubious distinction of holding the record for the nation's longest Division I losing streak, losing 51 straight games from 2007 through 2009. The Highlanders snapped the streak with a win over Bryant, then lost the final 12 games that season, going 1-30 during Engles' first season.", u'But the program continued to improve yearly. Last season, the Highlanders shocked the college basketball world by knocking off then No. 17-ranked Michigan at Crisler Arena. The Highlanders went on to win 21 games and reach the semifinals of the ', u' Tournament.', u"Gumbart said the Highlanders' late season run helped them get in the league, as well as the school's general proximity to New York and the promise the school has made to build a $100 million wellness and events center by 2017.", u'NJIT athletic director Lenny Kaplan said the deal was 10 years in the making, but came together within the last six weeks.', u'"The biggest thing we missed over the last 10 years was the benefit of having a conference," Kaplan said. "We\'re no longer representing ourselves. We can now take the next step."', u"Winfield Willis, who will be a senior guard on the Highlanders' basketball team in the fall, said he didn't think it was going to happen, so stopped hoping for the school to join a conference.", u'"Now, we\'re going to be able to compete for something on another scale," Willis said. "You can definitely feel the excitement here."', u'Engles said the conference affiliation makes his job easier. Over the past two seasons, while other teams played a regular season conference schedule, the independent Highlanders had to fill their schedule with games against Division III opponents.', u'"You can\'t put a price tag on this," Engles said. "We now have the opportunity to do some special things. It\'s hard to put this all into words, but it was hard being the only one."', u'The Highlanders join Jacksonville, Stetson, North Florida and Florida Gulf Coast from Florida, as well as Kennesaw State of Georgia, South Carolina Upstate and Lipscomb of Nashville as members of the Atlantic Sun.']), ([u'Iceland Go Top With Comeback Win Over Czechs'], [u'REYKJAVIK \u2014  Unfancied Iceland moved within touching distance of reaching their first major tournament after Kolbeinn Sigthorsson scored a sublime winner in a 2-1 Euro 2016 qualification victory over the Czech Republic on Friday.', u'Having trailed 1-0, the superb comeback victory puts Iceland top of Group A on 15 points after six games, with the Czechs in second on 13.', u'If points were given for heart and guts, however, they would already be on the plane to the tournament finals in France.', u'The home side dominated the game with their physical play, but Borek Dockal gave the Czech Republic the lead 10 minutes into the second half, thumping home a rising right-foot shot into the top left corner after he was teed up by Tomas Necid.', u'That was the first goal that Iceland had conceded on home soil in the qualifying campaign, but it jolted them into life.', u"Hunting in packs and flying into tackles, they never let the Czechs settle, and they equalised five minutes later when Aron Gunnarsson dived to head home Ari Skulason's lofted ball.", u'Then Lukas Vacha, under pressure on the edge of his area,  played a loose pass and Sigthorsson pounced, dancing deftly around Petr Cech and coolly slotting the winner in the 76th minute.', u'"Iceland played well, this is very painful for us," Czech coach Pavel Vrba told a news conference.', u'The Czechs had started brightly, passing the ball fluidly and finding space between the Icelandic lines, while Necid wasted their best chance of the first half, heading a superb cross narrowly wide after 15 minutes.', u"That effort forced the home side into action and all of a sudden Iceland's high-pressure tactics and hard tackling style started to click.", u'The closest the home side came to scoring in the first half was via a brace of Gylfi Sigurdsson free kicks within the space of a few minutes midway through the half, with Cech saving the first and the second flying just over.', u'Iceland continued to bully the Czechs and Johann Gudmundsson could have scored a late third after a lung-bursting dash up the right, but Cech parried the ball away for a corner.', u'The goalkeeper then dashed up the field for a late corner, but even though he got his head to the ball it never threatened to spoil the party in Reykjavik.', u"Seconds later the final whistle went and the celebrations were underway as Iceland's remarkable run continues.", u"(Reporting by Philip O'Connor; editing by Toby Davis)"]), ([u"Langer's 2nd 65 Gives Him 4-Shot Lead at Senior Players"], [u'BELMONT, Mass. \u2014  Jesper Parnevik took one look at the tree-lined, hilly Belmont Country Club this week and immediately found a favorite.', u'"This is very much a Bernhard Langer-type of golf course," Parnevik said he remembered thinking.', u'Langer has proved him right, posting a second consecutive 6-under 65 Friday in what he called a "stressless" bogey-free round that gave him a four-shot lead halfway through the Senior Players Championship.', u'"Somebody said, \'That\'s pretty boring stuff: 65, 65,\'" Langer said after hitting all but one green in regulation. "I don\'t think it is. I\'d like to do it every day."', u"Russ Cochran's slump-busting 65 left him alone in second, while Steve Pate set a course-record with a bogey-free 63. That put him in a three-way tie for third and six shots back with the weary Lee Janzen and Parnevik, the Champions Tour newcomer who shot 66.", u'All have plenty to do to catch Langer on the old-school Donald Ross layout hosting this tournament for the first time. Langer took command by sinking a 40-foot putt on 16 for his sixth birdie. His lone hiccup was a three-putt par from just off the 17th green.', u'"That German engineering," Parnevik said of Langer. "He never breaks down. He\'s tough to beat at a place like this. He\'s so systematic."', u"Langer is without a victory this year in which he's been slowed by injuries. But this week he's looked much like his 2014 self that won this event and four others.", u"The 57-year-old Langer is nearing a 24th Champions Tour title. He'd also be the first repeat winner of the Senior Players since Arnold Palmer in 1984-85.", u"And the wiry Langer's fitness should help this weekend as the over-50 tour deals with another difficult walking course.", u'"French Lick was very tough, Des Moines was maybe even harder, and even Shoal Creek is a pretty good walk," Langer said. "I just see it going into the fitness trailer, the physio truck at the end of the day. A couple guys get treated and they all fall asleep."', u"Janzen is perhaps the most in need of a nap. He was the medalist in a 36-hole sectional Monday in Purchase, New York, that earned him a spot in next week's ", u'. He sat at 7 under before a bogey-par-par finish left him at 69.', u'Without the wind from a day earlier and with the temperature in the 80s, the course yielded a record round.', u'A couple hours after Brad Faxon bested the previous course mark by a shot with a 64, Pate eclipsed him with a bogey-free, eight-birdie round with his distinctive yellow ball.', u'It was a relief for Pate, who entered the week with a 72.82 scoring average. He shot 73 Thursday.', u'"I was not doing anything really badly. I just haven\'t been doing anything really well," Pate said after his best Champions Tour round. "It\'s a very fine line, and quite a bit of it is between the ears."', u"Cochran nearly matched him with a seven-birdie round that broke with what's been a difficult season that's left him 35th in the Charles Schwab Cup standings.", u'"Where I am with my game, I felt like I needed a good round," Cochran said.', u"Colin Montgomerie, who won last month's Senior PGA Championship for his third major victory in six starts, shot 71 and was nine shots back.", u'Even with the daunting task of catching Langer, Parnevik was thrilled to be in the hunt in the 81-player field that had no 36-hole cut. Parnevik turned 50 in March.', u'"I\'ve been so injured the last seven years," Parnevik said. "I\'m so happy the body feels OK and I can play again."']), ([u'Netherlands Substitute Wijnaldum Sets Up Win in Latvia'], [u'RIGA \u2014  Netherlands midfielder Georginio Wijnaldum scored four minutes after coming on to help set up a 2-0 win away to Latvia in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday.', u'Wijnaldum was introduced just after the hour, replacing captain Robin van Persie in what looked a massive gamble by coach Guus Hiddink to break the deadlock in their Group A game.', u'It paid immediate dividends as Wijnaldum squeezed home the opening goal in the 67th minute, followed by a second for Luciano Narsingh four minutes later.', u'It ensured the Dutch kept alive their hopes of an automatic qualifying berth as they stayed third but narrowed the gap on the top two. They trail Iceland by five points and the Czech Republic by three with each having four games left.', u'Iceland beat the Czechs 2-1 in Rejkjavik on Friday.', u'Wijnaldum used his strength to turn with his back to goal and toe-poke home after an initial shot from Wesley Sneijder had been blocked by the Latvia defence.', u'The goal came after a long period of Dutch dominance, including a first half Sneijder shot that hit the post, amid growing frustration at their inability to break down the home defence.', u'Van Persie, seeking a 50th international goal, looked unhappy at being taken off but was soon celebrating as the visitors finally broke through.', u"Narsingh\u2019s goal came in the 71st minute after a defence-splitting pass from Danny Blind caught Latvia's centre backs too high up the field and allowed the winger to run in on goal and expertly slot home.", u'The victory will come as relief to Hiddink, whose tenure since taking over from Louis van Gaal in August has seen some topsy-turvy performances.', u'Last week the Dutch lost 4-3 to the United States in a warm-up friendly which led to criticism of their defence.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Italy Hold Croatia in Thriller at Empty Stadium'], [u'SPLIT, Croatia \u2014  Croatia and Italy stayed on course to reach Euro 2016 after a pulsating 1-1 draw in their Group H qualifier played behind closed doors at the Poljud stadium on Friday.', u'Fans were not allowed into the ground after the Croatians were handed a one-match crowd ban for repeated offences by their supporters earlier in the campaign.', u'Croatia fans shouted racist chants during a 5-1 home win over Norway in March which followed incidents in last November\u2019s 1-1 draw with Italy in Milan, when they twice halted play by hurling flares on to the pitch.', u'Friday\u2019s result left Croatia top with 14 points from six games, two more than Italy who stretched their unbeaten run in European Championship and World Cup qualifying to 46 games.', u'Striker Mario Mandzukic gave Croatia a controversial 11th-minute lead before Antonio Candreva equalised with a cheeky penalty in the 36th.', u"The outcome left both coaches happy, with Italy's Antonio Conte ruing the first-half loss of two injured players.", u'"In the end it was a good result against a strong team, especially because we had to make early substitutions after De (Lorenzo De) Silvestri and (Gianluigi Buffon) couldn\'t carry on," Conte told Croatian national television HRT.', u'"It was unfortunate to play without any fans present but both teams were totally focused as this was a very important match at this stage of qualifying."', u'FAST AND FURIOUS', u'With instructions by both benches echoing in the eerily empty ground situated on the banks of the Adriatic coast, the match got off to a fast and furious start.', u"Buffon saved Mandzukic's tame sixth-minute penalty after Davide Astori brought down Croatia captain Darijo Srna but the striker soon made amends under extraordinary circumstances.", u'Italy forward Stephan El Shaarawy scored what replays suggested was a goal but it was disallowed for offside and the hosts took full advantage of dissent by the infuriated visitors.', u'With half a dozen Italy players arguing with the linesman, Croatia launched a swift break and Mandzukic stroked a perfect low cross from Ivan Rakitic into the roof of the net.', u"Ivica Olic then missed a golden opportunity to double Croatia's lead and the hosts were punished at the other end after Mandzukic gave away a penalty.", u'The striker handled a teasing Andrea Pirlo cross and Candreva clipped the ball down the middle to wrongfoot Croatia keeper Danijel Subasic.', u'Italy then took the upper hand and Subasic rescued Croatia on the stroke of halftime, denying forward Graziano Pelle with a superb save before Srna was sent off in stoppage time for a second bookable foul.', u'Croatia coach Niko Kovac thought a draw was a fair result.', u'"Both teams deserve congratulations for producing a quality performance in difficult conditions," he said.', u'"The match was played in searing heat and at the end of a long season, with no fans present to cheer either side."', u'(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade; Editng by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'McIlroy Off Early, Tiger Late in U.S. Open First Round'], [u'(Reuters) - Martin Kaymer will start his title defense bright and early on Thursday at Chambers Bay when he plays the first round of the ', u' with world number one Rory McIlroy.', u'German Kaymer and British Open champion McIlroy will tee off at the picturesque links style layout adjacent to Puget Sound at 8.28 am Pacific Time (1528GMT). South Korean Yang Gunn, the U.S. amateur champion, will complete what has become a traditional grouping.', u'They will be immediately preceded at 8.17am local time (1517GMT) by a glamor threesome of American Dustin Johnson, Australian Adam Scott and Spaniard Sergio Garcia.', u'The morning limelight will also focus on Phil Mickelson, a six-time U.S. Open runner-up who needs a victory to complete the career Grand Slam.', u'He will be off at 7.33 am (1433GMT) in the company of two-time major champions Bubba Watson and Angel Cabrera.', u'Afternoon attention will focus on back-to-back groupings. At 2.17 pm (2117GMT), Masters champion Jordan Spieth will tee off with Australian Jason Day and 2013 champion Justin Rose of England.', u'Eleven minutes later, Tiger Woods will embark on his quest for a 15th major title, accompanied by Players Championship winner Rickie Fowler and 2010 British Open champion Louis Oosthuizen of South Africa.', u'Woods has not won a major since the 2008 U.S. Open, and will be coming off a career-worst round of 85 at the Memorial last Saturday.', u'A field of 156 players will play the first two rounds.', u'The cut will be made after 36 holes, with the low 60 scores and ties advancing to the final two rounds.', u'Chambers Bay in Washington State, hosting its first U.S. Open, will be set up between 7200 and 7600\xa0yards and will play to a par of 70.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina. Editing by Steve Keating.)']), ([u'Bale Goal Gives Wales Precious Win Over Belgium'], [u"CARDIFF \u2014  Wales moved closer to their first major tournament in 57 years as Gareth Bale's classy first-half goal gave them a 1-0 win over Belgium to go three points clear at the top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group on Friday.", u'Bale made the most of a defensive howler from Belgium midfielder Radja Nainggolan to calmly finish past goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois after 25 minutes, allowing the hosts to pull up the defensive drawbridge and comfortably see out the game.', u"It was Bale's 50th match for his country and he further underlined his status as their talismanic player as Chris Coleman's well-drilled side moved on to 14 points in Group B, three clear of Belgium who are now second.", u'Wales, whose only appearance in a major tournament came at the World Cup in 1958, could need just two more wins from their final four matches, with two teams from each group, as well as the best third-placed team, qualifying for the finals in France.', u"With a hair's breadth separating the sides after five qualifiers, it was always going to be a close affair, while goals were likely to be scarce with both teams having shown steely defensive qualities in unbeaten starts to the campaign.", u'Belgium had not conceded in their last three qualifiers and set the early pace in Cardiff with Nainggolan going close after 11 minutes with a curling effort that Wales keeper Wayne Hennessey superbly parried wide on the stretch.', u"Belgium's captain and most potent threat Eden Hazard was well shackled in the early skirmishes but did have a sniff of goal when he slashed the ball over from the edge of the area.", u'Having failed to make their early pressure tell, however, Belgium were punished after 25 minutes when Bale capitalised on a terrible header back towards his own goal by Nainggolan to control calmly, turn and slot his finish beneath Courtois.', u'That was Bales 17th goal for his country and his fifth in six qualifiers.', u'It triggered a brief period of home dominance and Wales should have extended their lead eight minutes later when Hal Robson-Kanu sidefooted wide from 15 metres when he looked odds-on to find the net.', u"While Belgium continued to press in the second half, Wales stood firm, with Belgium's best chance coming in the 46th minute when Christian Benteke poked the ball over from close range.", u'(Reporting by Toby Davis; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"Spieth Caddie's Homecoming, a Journey That's Hard to Believe"], [u'Michael Greller thought he had the perfect summer job.', u'The sixth-grade math teacher signed up as a caddie in 2007 at Chambers Bay, a new golf course on the edge of Puget Sound, where he made between $60 and $100 a bag.', u"The previous summer, Greller got hooked on this hobby when he was watching the U.S. Amateur Public Links at Gold Mountain, his home course near Seattle, and he noticed a college kid who didn't have a caddie. Greller offered to work for free.", u'The payoff from the relationship he started that day and those that followed was more than he could have imagined.', u'One year into this summer job, Chambers Bay landed the 2015 ', u" and Greller began dreaming of walking the fairways with the world's best players. He had kept in touch with that college kid, Matt Savage, now the assistant golf coach at Florida State. He thought Savage might know of some young players who could use a caddie, or perhaps he could find a qualifier who needed local knowledge on a course unlike any other used for a U.S. Open.", u'Greller only wanted a chance to caddie in a U.S. Open. He knew it would be a long shot.', u'"And now it\'s my fourth U.S. Open," Greller said, shaking his head at this improbable turn of events. "And I\'m caddying for the Masters champion."', u'His boss is Jordan Spieth, the No. 2 player in the world who joins Rory McIlroy as the top favorites when the U.S. Open starts on a course that Greller has walked more than any other.', u'"It will be a cool experience for us," Spieth said. "And he\'s definitely going to come to the plate with more than the other guys can bring."', u"Greller downplays the course knowledge for a couple of reasons. Chambers Bay has changed significantly from when it opened in 2007, and especially after the USGA saw how the course performed at the U.S. Amateur in 2010. He hasn't caddied there since 2011. Last month, he walked the course with a local caddie to get reacquainted.", u'"People think I\'m some guru around there. I\'m really not," Greller said. "The biggest advantage is having my own bed and a familiar environment. I know it better than the average guy. But I work with the best caddies in the world. They\'re going to figure it out."', u'Everywhere he turns will be a reminder of how far Greller has come.', u"A couple of his former students at Narrows View Intermediate have signed up as standard bearers. The principal at his old school is the head marshal on the 10th hole. One of his poker buddies is now a police officer and has been assigned to be part of Spieth's security detail.", u'"So many people in my life that I know are directly involved in the U.S. Open," Greller said. "It\'s going to be fun to look around at all those faces."', u"It's a shame Savage won't be there. He was the key figure in this odyssey.", u"Greller grew up in Michigan, played small college golf for Northwestern Iowa and moved to the Pacific Northwest to be near his sister. He earned his Masters' degree and found work outside Tacoma through a job fair.", u'School had just let out in 2006 when the U.S. Amateur Public Links came to town. Greller wanted to watch the best amateurs on his golf course, so he decided to walk with Clay Ogden, the defending champion. Ogden happened to be playing Savage, who had just completed his freshman year at Florida State.', u'"I think I was the only player walking around Gold Mountain carrying my own bag," Savage said. "Michael followed my group. He and my dad talked the entire time and he sat down and had lunch with us and offered to caddie. He said, \'I don\'t want to get paid anything, I just want to be part of the event. It\'s my home course.\' After spending an hour or so with him, I could tell he was an awesome guy, really down to earth. I didn\'t think he\'d get on my nerves like some random guy."', u'Savage advanced to the quarterfinals before he was eliminated, and they kept in touch. Greller had so much fun that he transferred to a school near Chambers Bay so he could caddie during the summer when the course opened.', u'Four years later, Savage called Greller.', u"There was a 17-year-old at Savage's home club outside Louisville, Kentucky, named Justin Thomas \u2014 his father, Mike Thomas, was Savage's club pro at Harmony Landing \u2014 and the kid needed a caddie for the U.S. Amateur at Chambers Bay. Greller and Thomas hit it off and reached the second round.", u'What followed was an eventual fork in this amazing road.', u'Thomas and Spieth have been close friends since they were 14, so when Spieth went out to Seattle in 2011 for the U.S. Junior Amateur, Thomas pointed him in the direction of Greller. Spieth wound up winning his second U.S. Junior, and the next year, Spieth asked Greller to caddie for him at the U.S. Open. Spieth was low amateur at Olympic Club.', u"Spieth turned pro and asked Greller to come with him. Greller decided to take a one-year leave from teaching, knowing he could always return if it didn't work out.", u'It worked out.', u'Spieth had no status on any tour. By the end of the year, he won a PGA Tour event, was the youngest American (19) to play in the Presidents Cup and finished No. 10 on the money list at nearly $4 million. Two years later, Spieth became a Masters champion with Greller at his side.', u'All because of one selfless offer. All because of one chance meeting.']), ([u"FIFA's Scala Says New World Cup Voting Process Still Carries Risk"], [u"ZURICH \u2014  The official spearheading reforms at FIFA told Reuters on Friday that changes in the way world soccer's governing body decides on who gets the rights to host a World Cup may not eliminate the possibility of corruption but will make the process much more transparent.", u"Instead of the decision about who gets to hold the 2026 World Cup being taken through a secret ballot taken by FIFA's 24-strong executive committee as in recent awards, it will instead be based on an open vote of all 209 member associations.", u'"There can be no 100-percent guarantee, there is always a risk when you have national and monetary interests," said Domenico Scala, head of FIFA\'s independent audit and compliance committee, in an email response to a question about whether FIFA can have a clean vote.', u'But he said the openness of the new system meant that "we will know which country voted for which bid."', u'Scala also said a new rule that forbids bidders to host a World Cup from financing soccer development programs outside their own country would also curb some "illegitimate influence" seen in the past.', u'The changes are meant to address at least some of the concerns at the center of ongoing corruption investigations by U.S. and Swiss authorities. In particular, the FBI and Swiss prosecutors are looking at whether the rights to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups by Russia and Qatar, respectively, may have been influenced by the alleged bribing of some officials.', u'FIFA this week postponed the bidding for the rights to hold the 2026 World Cup as it is roiled by criminal investigations. Swiss police last month raided a luxury Zurich hotel and arrested seven soccer officials wanted in the United States on corruption charges, including bribery, wire fraud and money laundering. Altogether 14 current and former soccer officials and business executives have been indicted.', u'The growing scandal prompted FIFA President Sepp Blatter to announce his resignation on June 2, just four days after winning a fifth term of office. The 79-year-old says he will remain in the job until a new president is chosen.', u'Scala said FIFA urgently needs to introduce term limits for officials as "long terms produce cronyism and interdependencies, which can ultimately lead to corruption."', u"However, he said a proposal this week by German football federation President Wolfgang Niersbach to end a one-country-one-vote basis for the FIFA's presidential election was off target because the system wasn't a catalyst for people to enrich themselves.", u'\xa0\xa0', u'(Reporting by Katharina Bart in Zurich; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Injured Romania Trio to Miss Northern Ireland Qualifier'], [u'BUCHAREST \u2014  Romania captain Razvan Rat, his defensive partner Florin Gardos and midfielder Lucian Sanmartean have been ruled of their top-of-the-table Euro 2016 Group F qualifier away to Northern Ireland on Saturday.', u'The Romanian Football Federation (FRF) said on Friday the trio had joined a list of absentees which already includes injured goalkeeper Costel Pantilimon as well as experienced striker Ciprian Marica, who is recovering from knee surgery.', u'Rat, capped 103 times by Romania, veteran playmaker Sanmartean and Gardos travelled to Belfast but they failed to recover in time and were not included in coach Anghel Iordanescu\u2019s final squad for the game at Windsor Park.', u'Laszlo Sepsi is expected to start for Rat, Dragos Grigore will deputise for Gardos alongside Vlad Chiriches in the heart of defence and Ovidiu Hoban will probably replace Sanmartean.', u'"Northern Ireland are a strong team with a good nucleus of players, a team that caused us trouble in Bucharest and will undoubtedly do the same on their home ground on Saturday," Iordanescu said.', u'The Irish have suffered only one defeat in the group so far, going down 2-0 to Romania in Bucharest in November.', u'Unbeaten Romania lead the standings with 13 points from five matches, followed by Northern Ireland on 12. Hungary, who visit Finland on Saturday, are third with eight points.', u'(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Warriors Get Mad, Get Even With Cavaliers in NBA Finals'], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  Weaving his way toward Golden State's locker room, where the Warriors were packing for home, Stephen Curry had to handle one last double-team.", u'Two Cavaliers fans wanted a photo with him.', u'"Gotta be quick," Curry said, pausing and smiling for the group selfie.', u'Curry was happy to please, and happier the NBA Finals were tied again.', u"With Curry's shooting touch back to normal, Andre Iguodala playing like a younger version of himself, and coach Steve Kerr's gamble to tweak his starting lineup \u2014 even if he had to lie about it \u2014 the Warriors knotted these entertaining finals Thursday night with a 103-82 win over the gassed Cavaliers, who are desperate for rest and help for LeBron James.", u"Facing the prospect of falling behind 3-1, the Warriors came out to play. They were energized from the start, and they finished off the understaffed Cavs with a dominant fourth quarter, a 12-minute bombardment of big shots to seize momentum going into Sunday's Game 6 at noisy Oracle Arena.", u'These were the Warriors closer to full volume, 9 out of 10.', u'"We really picked up our intensity level," said forward Draymond Green, who moved to center in Kerr\'s smaller starting lineup. "We contested shots. We got on loose balls, and we rebounded. We battled."', u'Questioned by some critics for being too laid back, the Warriors were more physical, more focused and more urgent than previously in this series. They outran the frazzled Cavs, pushing the ball up the floor after made baskets and imposing their will for 48 minutes.', u"Curry was Curry again. After missing 20 of 26 3-pointers in the first three games, he knocked down four 3s and scored 22. He's made 9 of his last 15 3-pointers, an encouraging sign for the Warriors and something that will keep Cavs coach David Blatt from getting much sleep.", u"Iguodala, though, was Golden State's best player. He scored 22 points, made James work for every shot and while making his first start of the season in Golden State's 101st game, he set the early tempo by outrunning Cleveland's defense for a pair of dunks.", u'"He\'s one of the X-factors, and he came to play," James said of the 31-year-old Iguodala, one of his Olympic teammates. "He was in attack."', u"Kerr went with a smaller lineup \u2014 he benched center Andrew Bogut \u2014 and it's likely he'll stick with a group that causes matchup problems for the Cavaliers. Because of injuries to Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love, Cleveland has limited options. Kerr admitted afterward that he wasn't truthful leading into the game for fear of Cleveland making an adjustment.", u"Given the Cavs' fragile state, it may not have mattered.", u"The coast-to-coast travel, lack of depth and demanding schedule caught up to Cleveland. Although the decimated Cavs downplayed the fatigue, it was obvious they didn't have their legs.", u'And the postgame scene in their training room underscored their brittle condition. James needed stitches for a head cut sustained when he banged into a courtside camera; Matthew Dellavedova took an ice bath to soothe his cramping muscles; Iman Shumpert had his bruised left shoulder encased in ice.', u"All things considered, it's remarkable the Cavs are in the series.", u'After carrying his teammates in three games, James was due a sub-standard performance. He still managed 22 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists, but he was unable to dictate the tempo as the Warriors took control.', u"Blatt may need to re-consider his rotations. He's only playing seven players, ignoring veterans Mike Miller and Shawn Marion, former champions who might be able to provide vital minutes and ease James' burden. Also, the Cavs need to get something, anything, from J.R. Smith, who missed all eight 3-pointers in Game 4.", u'The only time Smith, who arrived at Quicken Loans Arena riding an electric, hands-free vehicle called a PhunkeeDuck, was on the mark was when he muttered an expletive describing his performance.', u'James, in typical fashion, seemed unfazed by the loss \u2014 almost as if he expected it.', u"He understands his team's limitations, but he also knows the Cavs still have a chance, and that's all he can ask.", u'James has been in tougher jams than this. He dismissed the notion that his next game will be his biggest challenge.', u'With Miami in 2012, James went to Boston trailing 3-2 in the conference finals and the four-time MVP responded with an epic 45-point, 12-rebound effort.', u'"That\'s probably the biggest challenge of my career," he said. "Game 5 at Golden State is not that big when it comes to going to Boston, you lose multiple times in that arena, and the franchise I was with at the time had never won a playoff game in Boston. Now that\'s pretty challenging, so I\'ve been through a little bit in my pretty cool career."']), ([u'Defensemen Starring in a Tight, Tense Stanley Cup Final'], [u"BRANDON, Fla. \u2014  After Steven Stamkos stepped off the Lightning's practice rink on a 90-degree June day, the Tampa Bay captain calmly made it clear he is well aware that he hasn't scored a goal yet in his first Stanley Cup Final.", u'"Keep playing the game the right way, and eventually you\'re going to get rewarded," Stamkos said Friday.', u'When Jonathan Toews and the Blackhawks flew through a Florida rainstorm and landed in Tampa several hours later, the Chicago captain placidly confirmed that he and Patrick Kane also know they have one combined goal.', u'"We just know you\'ve got to keep working, keep finding ways to create chances, and eventually believe that a bounce is going to go your way," Toews said.', u"The captains are mirrors of calm in an increasingly tense situation, accepting the spotlight that comes in those inevitable stretches when their outsized skills don't light up scoreboards. They're determined to preserve their teams' cool and focus when this exceptionally even series begins its sprint to the finish in Game 5 on Saturday night.", u'After all, somebody will get a big goal this weekend at Amalie Arena, where either the Lightning or the Blackhawks will end the 2-2 series tie and move one win away from a title. Why not them?', u'"You don\'t get this far without having that character, and I think this is where it has to come out as much as possible," Chicago defenseman Duncan Keith said.', u"The Lightning and the Blackhawks realize the enormous stakes on every shift of Game 5 in a series that still hasn't featured a two-goal lead. The captains and the coaches are attempting to direct that excitement into motivation instead of intimidation.", u'"You\'ve got to get caught up in the moment," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "You have to embrace where we are. It\'s the middle of June, and we\'re still playing hockey. The Stanley Cup is up for grabs in the best-two-out-of-three. I don\'t think we should be afraid of that. I don\'t think we should walk around being tense and looking at the magnitude of where we are, being afraid of the moment. This is the time of our lives."', u"Keith and Tampa Bay's Victor Hedman have embraced this moment better than anyone. Stamkos, Kane and Toews have been upstaged through four games by their star defensemen, who are both turning in dominant playoff performances.", u"In a postseason missing a breakout offensive performance or a dominant goaltending run, Keith or Hedman are the odds-on favorites to win the Conn Smythe Trophy as the playoffs MVP. Barring a spectacular pile of goals from playoff scoring leader Tyler Johnson or another forward, the series winner seems likely to feature the first defenseman to claim the Conn Smythe since Anaheim's Scott Niedermayer in 2007.", u'Keith and Hedman are 1-2 in the NHL in postseason plus-minus ratings and total minutes. Keith leads the playoffs with 18 assists during his incredible extended ice time, while Hedman has set franchise playoff records for assists and points by a defenseman.', u"Although they play the game differently, they're filling a similar do-everything role for their respective teams.", u'"In a lot of ways, yeah, (Hedman) is a guy like Duncan," Toews said. "He makes, more times than not, the players he\'s out there with better. He\'s a catalyst when he\'s in his own zone or the offensive zone."', u"Only four defensemen in NHL history have recorded more than Keith's 18 assists in this postseason, and nobody has done it since Brian Leetch's 23 during the New York Rangers' Stanley Cup run in 1994.", u"Keith's sheer minutes are the most jaw-dropping aspect of it all: He has played 655 minutes and 55 seconds in the postseason, averaging 31:14 per game. Chicago coach Joel Quenneville's top four defensemen are all averaging more ice time per game than Hedman, although the Lightning have played more games.", u"It's tough to quantify whether those extra minutes have affected the Chicago defensemen's overall aggressiveness, particularly on the offensive end. But with the season's end in clear view, the Blackhawks' big four say they won't let up.", u'"It\'s not as bad as you would think," said Chicago defenseman Niklas Hjalmarsson, who is averaging a measly 25:56. "Personally, I could have played (Thursday). I could have skipped these two days in between games, but we\'re not making the schedule here. It\'s just at the most three games left here to do something great, and it\'s pretty easy to get motivated and forget about that stuff."', u"Hedman has the second-most total minutes of any players in the Stanley Cup playoffs, yet he has logged nearly 82 fewer minutes than Keith. Hedman's two-year evolution from a project left off the Swedish Olympic team into a star culminated with his game-winning assist in Game 3.", u'"I\'ve always said this, (and I\'ve) been around a long time: I\'ve never seen a guy 6-foot-6, 230 (pounds), skate like he does," Tampa Bay associate coach Rick Bowness said. "He\'s dominant because of his size, his skating ability. His growth started last year, and it\'s just continued this year. Now he\'s on a bigger stage."']), ([u'Promoting PGA, Rested McIlroy Readies for US Open'], [u'KOHLER, Wis. \u2014  Rory McIlroy needed a break after missing the cut two straight weeks.', u"Returning to the site of what McIlroy considers one of his breakthrough tournaments \u2014 the 2010 PGA Championship at Whistling Straits \u2014 might give the world's top-ranked golfer an extra confidence boost going into next week's ", u' at Chambers Bay in Washington.', u'Not that McIlroy seems too worried about his game.', u'"Personally, I didn\'t really look much into what happened those last two events," McIlroy said Friday at media day for this year\'s PGA Championship, which returns to Whistling Straits in August. "Just concentrating what I really need to do well leading into next week."', u'McIlroy had a tough two weeks in Europe in late May. He missed the cut at the BMW PGA Championship in England three weekends ago.', u'Born in Northern Ireland, McIlroy missed the cut again at the Irish Open the following week \u2014 a tournament he was hosting, no less, in familiar surroundings. It was a disappointing end to a stretch of five straights weeks on the course.', u'"I think I can put the last two tournaments on a little bit of fatigue," he said.', u'So McIlroy took last week off, electing to sit out The Memorial to get some rest at home in Florida.', u'"I didn\'t touch a golf club last week. I played five weeks in a row. Mentally, I was ready to have a little bit of a break. Just got away from it," McIlroy said.', u"Consider Friday's gathering at Whistling Straits, a scenic public course along Lake Michigan, an unofficial pep rally for McIlroy.", u"Televisions inside the course's Irish Barn showed a highlight video of McIlroy's win at the 2014 PGA at Valhalla, his fourth victory at a major.  The golfer received honorary jerseys from the Green Bay Packers, Wisconsin Badgers basketball team and the NBA's Milwaukee Bucks \u2014 the last one presented to McIlroy by Bucks coach and avid golfer Jason Kidd.", u'McIlroy can draw on fond memories from the last time the PGA Championship was at Whistling Straights five years ago, when Martin Kaymer won after beating Bubba Watson in a playoff.', u'McIlroy finished tied for third at 10-under, one shot off the lead at the end of regulation.', u'"It was my first real chance in contention in a major, especially going into Sunday," McIlroy said.', u'It was experience in a pressure situation from which McIlroy could draw when he won his first major the next year, the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional.', u'Compared to Congressional, Chambers Bay is a mystery. Just 10 years ago, Chambers Bay was still being built along Puget Sound south of Seattle.', u'McIlroy will play the course for the first time on Saturday in a practice round.', u'"It\'s a bit of an unknown for everyone, Chambers Bay," he said. "From what I\'ve heard, it\'s going to be sort of different."', u'The organizers there can only hope their tournament can be just as exciting as the last two PGA Championships at Whistling Straits.  Besides 2010, the 2004 PGA at the course also ended in a three-hole playoff, with Vijay Singh defeating Justin Leonard and Chris DiMarco.', u'"Whether we play it in daylight or night time, they always provide dramatic finishes," said Derek Sprague, president of the PGA of America.', u'Sitting next to him, McIlroy nodded his head in approval.', u'"What I love about the PGA Championship and what I hear from the players is that it\'s a great test of golf, firm bur fair. It\'s right in front of you," Sprague said.', u"Note: David Kohler, general chair of the 2015 PGA Championship, said that this year's tournament is already second in PGA Championship history in combined ticket and corporate hospitality sales revenue. Only the 2004 championship had more combined revenue. Kohler is president and CEO of the Sheboygan-based manufacturing company that bears the family name, best known for plumbing products."]), ([u'Montoya Posts Fastest Time in Practice Session at Toronto'], [u"TORONTO \u2014  No one was more surprised with Juan Pablo Montoya's practice session at the IndyCar race Friday than Montoya himself.", u"Montoya, the IndyCar points leader and Indianapolis 500 winner, posted a one-lap time of 1 minute, 0.643 seconds in the morning session over the 1.755-mile, 11-turn Exhibition Place street circuit. That stood as the day's fastest effort as rain washed out the afternoon run.", u"Montoya wasn't expecting such a good opening result.", u'"No, because we didn\'t do that many laps and we had a problem with the brakes, so we had a little bit less track time," he said. "We went out there and the speed was there, which is encouraging.', u'"With the rain, it makes it harder because any rubber we put down (will be washed away). So (on Saturday) we have to start from zero again . . . but being that fast on a street course despite not running that much, that\'s pretty good."', u'The final practice is scheduled for Saturday morning before qualifying begins later in the afternoon. Gil de Ferran holds the track qualifying record of 57.143 seconds set in 1999.', u'The race goes Sunday afternoon.', u"Montoya currently leads the drivers standings with 348 points and two victories this  season. He's 35 points ahead of Penske teammate Will Power, the defending series champion, and holds a 43-point advantage over Scott Dixon, three times IndyCar's top driver.", u'Power has a win and four pole positions on the season, while Dixon has a victory and a pole.', u'"You can\'t focus on points," Montoya said. "You have to focus and execute every weekend, and if things work out well, then we look good.', u'"So far it has been a good season. I think we have a really good car here in Toronto, so we\'ll see."', u"Power, sixth in practice with a time of 1:00.8656, said competing against a teammate for the driver's title does create an interesting scenario.", u'"Yeah, I mean, obviously battling teammates is a little bit harder because you\'re in the same engineering office," the Australian said. "Battling another team is a big team effort and the push is to beat that team, but battling a teammate . . . it\'s a different story."', u"Penske's Simon Pagenaud had the second-best practice time (1:00.7922), while Josef Newgarden was third (1:00.8363). Luca Filippi (1:00.8500) and Sebastien Bourdais (1:00.8620) rounded out the top five in the 23-driver field.", u'With no rain in the weekend forecast, Montoya predicted much faster times in qualifying Saturday.', u'"Oh yeah, we\'ll go higher," he said. "Qualifying will be at least a second and a half quicker than that."', u'Teammate Helio Castroneves, fourth in the drivers standings with 286 points and seventh in practice, said the closeness of the field Friday suggests a close qualifying session. The top 11 cars were separated by just a half second while the gap between Newgarden and eighth-place finisher Graham Rahal was under a 10th of a second.', u'"It\'s very tight," Castroneves said. "Third to ninth is in the same 10th, which is amazing. So it\'s definitely going to be competitive."', u'Castroneves, who captured the pole for the 2000 Toronto race, said the corners on the track present a formidable challenge.', u'"Most of the corners have a patch of concrete in the middle," he said. "It\'s actually an old concrete, so it\'s almost like glass, so when you hit the concrete it\'s very, very slippery.', u'"You go from asphalt to concrete to asphalt, so you can figure what we have to deal with (on corners)."']), ([u'After 40 Years, Warriors Fans Believe Title Wait Almost Over'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Gary Liss still has the ticket from Game 2 of the 1975 NBA Finals in his wallet. The seat cost just $10, but watching the Golden State Warriors win the title remains a priceless memory.', u'"World champions? That\'s a hard thing to do," said Liss, who has been a season-ticket holder since the Warriors moved from Philadelphia in 1962.', u'For many loyal fans like Liss, it has been a long and grueling wait to experience that moment again.', u'The Warriors will play their biggest game in a generation when they host LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday night in Game 5 of the NBA Finals. The best-of-seven series is tied at two games apiece, and the anticipation is equally exciting and exhausting in Oakland.', u"It has been 40 years \u2014 the longest span between finals appearances in league history \u2014 since the franchise's long-suffering fans could feel such a rush. After decades of bad drafts, terrible trades and lots of losses, the most hardened Warriors supporters are soaking in every second of this run.", u'"It\'s just magical. There\'s never going to be another season like it," said Leslie Sosnick, a 61-year-old fan from Oakland. "All I\'ve ever wanted is to have a good product on the court."', u'Sosnick first saw a good product when her father, Peter, took her to a Warriors game in San Francisco to celebrate her 9th birthday. She watched Wilt Chamberlain from the upper deck and thought the Big Dipper looked slow and small.', u'She eventually found her way behind the basket when the team warmed up before the second half and got an up-close look at the size and speed of NBA players. Sosnick has been hooked ever since.', u'Her father died in 1978 and her mother passed away about 15 years ago, but she has held on to a cherished family heirloom for more than 50 years: Warriors season-tickets.', u'"I just feel that I have each of my parents on my shoulders and we\'re going through this together and celebrating it with them. It\'s extremely emotional for me," she said, her voice cracking. "But in the very best way."', u'For Mark and Jan Wilson, the Warriors are a personal love affair.', u"One of their first dates was at a game on Valentine's Day in 2007. They sat in section 214 \u2014 a buy-one-get-one special on Feb. 14 \u2014 and watched the Warriors beat the New York Knicks.", u'The "We Believe" Warriors, as they became known, went on to upset the top-seeded Dallas Mavericks in the first round of the playoffs. The couple bought season-tickets the following year and continued to commute from their home in Santa Cruz, about a 90-minute drive without traffic.', u'"This is like our vacations coming out here," said Mark Wilson, now 65.', u"Liss, 72, went to his first game during the team's inaugural season in the Bay Area. He sat courtside and became friends with players and management over the years, and he sits in the first row behind the Warriors' bench now.", u'Every game he attended brought new memories, and that was enough to keep him coming back \u2014 even when the team was terrible.', u'"Each time that I went, the games always started zero-zero. They always had a chance," Liss said, chuckling.', u"While it's easy to root for the Warriors now, they have tested the faith and fortitude of fans.", u'The Warriors missed the playoffs nine straight years after the 1976-77 season. Chris Mullin led the franchise to the postseason five times between 1987 and 1994, including the brief but exciting Run TMC teams coached by Don Nelson, but the Warriors made the playoffs just once in the next 19 years.', u'"These fans have been through it," current Warriors owner Joe Lacob said. "They\'ve been through hell. I know it. I was a fan for a long time. I\'m just extremely happy for them now."', u'Oracle Arena, nicknamed "Roaracle," has long been considered one of the league\'s loudest venues. The low roof and concrete surfaces send sound waves bouncing at ear-splitting decibels, giving the Warriors a home-court advantage few franchises can match.', u'The Warriors are a league-best 47-4 at home this season, including 8-2 in the playoffs, and players routinely credit the raucous crowds for willing them to wins.', u'"Every time I think it can\'t get louder, it does," forward Draymond Green said.', u"As the Warriors have improved the past three years, going to games has become a tough ticket in the basketball-united Bay Area, where fans of the 49ers, Giants, Raiders and Athletics come together to support the market's only NBA team.", u"The Warriors have sold-out 133 straight games entering Sunday's contest. The waitlist for season tickets surpassed 10,000 earlier this year. And despite an increase in price, that number is only expected to rise.", u"The Warriors are planning to move to a new arena in San Francisco as early as the start of the 2018-19 season. Fans have expressed concern that the team's famed home atmosphere and blue-collar culture could change in tech-savvy San Francisco.", u"Warriors President Rick Welts, who is spearheading the arena effort, has said the franchise needs a new facility to be financially viable long-term and is doing all it can to duplicate Oracle's electric environment.", u"And in the end, that's what keeps their legion of loyal fans coming back.", u'"Whenever the season is over, I always have this withdrawal," Sosnick said. "And then we walk back into the arena at the end of October or early November, and it feels like I\'m home."', u'___']), ([u'Teenager Bencic to Face Jankovic in Topshelf Open Semifinals'], [u'S-HERTOGENBOSCH, Netherlands \u2014  Teenager Belinda Bencic of Switzerland will face veteran Jelena Jankovic of Serbia in the semifinals of the Topshelf Open after saving three match points in a 7-6 (4), 6-7 (4), 7-5 win against seventh-seeded Kristina Mladenovic of France on Friday.', u'The 18-year-old Bencic had match point at 6-5 in the second set, only for Mladenovic to fight back in a contest lasting nearly three hours. Mladenovic hit 16 aces and had three match points at 5-3 in the decider before Bencic surged back.', u'"She was serving so well, but in my head I was prepared for it," Bencic said. "She served so many aces on important points and it\'s difficult, because it puts a lot more pressure on your serve, but I was ready for it. It was just an amazing match."', u'The 30-year-old Jankovic had it easier, beating German Annika Beck 6-4, 6-1.', u"Fifth-seeded Camila Giorgi of Italy also saved three match points in a 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (9) win against Kazakhstan's Yaroslava Shvedova.", u'Giorgi next faces Dutchwoman Kiki Bertens, who beat third-seeded American Coco Vandeweghe \u2014 the defending champion \u2014 6-4, 6-1.', u"Dutch fans will be hoping for a home double, with Robin Haase reaching the men's semifinals with a 6-7 (4), 6-4, 7-6 (3) win over big-serving Ivo Karlovic \u2014 who had 24 aces.", u'Bidding to become the first Dutch champion here since Sjeng Schalken in 2003, Haase next faces qualifier Nicolas Mahut, who downed sixth-seeded Adrian Mannarino 6-1, 6-3 in an all-French match.', u'Second-seeded David Goffin of Belgium also advanced to the last four after rallying to beat Ukrainian Illya Marchenko 4-6, 7-6 (3), 6-2.', u'He next plays either Gilles Muller of Luxembourg or Marius Copil of Romania, who were playing their quarterfinal later Friday.']), ([u'The Debate Over 2 Auto Racing Series Is in the Details'], [u'There has been a great deal of chatter in racing circles recently about which of the two styles of racing is better, ', u' or ', u'.', u'It\u2019s true that most people involved in both say there is little similarity between them. Generally, the 24 Hours of Le Mans is considered the biggest racing spectacle in the world, while the Formula One championship is viewed as the top racing series in the world.', u'So where\u2019s the debate? It\u2019s in the details.', u'One example is that ', u' in the Le Mans series and controversial elements in the Formula One series have led many people to question the supremacy of the latter.', u'More fundamental, however, is the basic difference between sprint and endurance racing.', u'Le Mans and its sports-car racing series is part of the World Endurance Championship, a series in which races last from 6 to 24 hours. The Formula One Grands Prix, meanwhile, are sprints that last a maximum of two hours, and usually only about an hour and a half.', u'\u201cI think one of the main reasons that Formula One is so big compared to endurance racing is because it is normally easier to watch,\u201d said Jenson Button, a world-champion driver at the McLaren team in Formula One. \u201cYou\u2019re sat on your sofa, maybe had a big night out the night before, or someone has just cooked a roast dinner, and you say, \u2018Ah, stick Formula One on.\u2019 And it has been in the past reasonably easy to understand.\u201d', u'Watching a six-hour race requires considerable attention and understanding of tactics, with each car shared among three teammates. In Formula One, on the other hand, one driver races in one car from beginning to end of a much shorter race.', u'But ', u' have become more complex in recent years, and as a result, so have driving strategies. Drivers spend much of their time conserving fuel and tires and attending to other mechanical aspects of the car instead of just driving flat out. The public must thus be more knowledgeable to appreciate the racing.', u'At the same time, the two styles of racing are now showing more overlap of their various elements. In Formula One, for example, there is a revival of the old style of skills needed in endurance racing, while the World Endurance Championship has become more sprint-like.', u'Some critics of Formula One have suggested that the racing technology of endurance racing is more advanced in its capacity to handle a long race. But Paddy Lowe, executive director of the Mercedes Formula One team, noted that Formula One engines must now last for six races, bringing their mileage up to that of an endurance-race engine.', u'\u201cThese engines now are doing a huge mileage compared to history \u2014 4, 5, 6,000 kilometers, compared to barely 300 kilometers in the old days,\u201d Lowe said. \u201cSo they are already endurance engines, and I think that\u2019s a point to note and a point which we should appreciate and celebrate, actually.\u201d', u'There are other, nonmechanical differences between the two styles. For Tom Kristensen, who has won Le Mans a record nine times, the biggest difference is the night racing in Le Mans, which has no equivalent in Formula One, where the two night races are run under spotlights.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s the night that makes Le Mans special,\u201d said Kristensen, 47, who retired from racing this year. \u201cYour pulse rate goes up. You go through corners where you don\u2019t see it, you feel it. In Formula One, the night race is brighter than in the day.\u201d', u'This year, for the first time in many years, there is a driver who is truly equipped to judge both styles: Nico Hulkenberg is driving for the Force India team in Formula One and for Porsche in Le Mans this weekend.', u'\u201cThe cars are quite different,\u201d he said. In a Le Mans car, \u201cat the end of the day it\u2019s a race car: It\u2019s got a roof, four tires and a steering wheel, and you have to drive it fast, on the limit. But it\u2019s a four-wheel drive car, it\u2019s got traction control, and those are things that make it quite different. So you have to adapt the driving style a little bit to get the most out of it.\u201d', u'Mark Webber, who joined the sports-car series last year after more than a decade in Formula One, said the biggest change for any driver going from Formula One to Le Mans is the way of working with teammates.', u'In a Formula One team, each driver is focused on himself. He tries to get along with his teammate as diplomatically as possible, while still aiming to beat him and not share information about the car setup so as to keep an advantage. The opposite is true in endurance racing.', u'\u201cThe camaraderie with the teammate is very different,\u201d Webber said, referring to Le Mans-style racing. \u201cThat\u2019s a great part of this category that I like, that we actually do push together. And work on driving position, seatbelts, how do we feel the car, how do we work with the engineers. That\u2019s fun and rewarding. We\u2019re doing everything we can to help each other\u2019s performance. Because why would you have someone in the boat with you not rowing as hard as you, or as good as you can?\u201d', u'For engineers and technicians, Formula One has long been the most interesting place to work in racing because it has been home to the most advanced forms of racing technology. In recent years, however, Formula One has tightened its technological regulations, while the Le Mans series has become an open playground for engineers.', u'\u201cI think that what is really good in our series, in Le Mans and in the WEC, is that everybody taking part is embracing the new rules, the whole technology behind it,\u201d said Ralf J\xfcttner, director of Audi Sport Team Joest. \u201cAnd I don\u2019t have the feeling that that\u2019s necessarily the same in other series.\u201d', u'In Formula One, every team has the same kind of single-turbo, 1.6-liter, 6-cylinder engine. But in Le Mans, the top manufacturer teams all use different forms of technology \u2014 a gasoline engine here, a diesel engine there, a 4-cylinder engine at one team, a 6-cylinder or more at another. A new arrival to Le Mans this year, Nissan, has even put the engine in the front of the car instead of the back.', u'\u201cThis is a fantastic championship,\u201d said Darren Cox, director of the Nissan racing program. \u201cThe way that the rules have been written, you\u2019ve got four manufacturers, four different engines, four different hybrid systems, and one of them\u2019s got the engine in the wrong place.\u201d', u'In terms of pure performance, St\xe9phane Sarrazin, a French driver at the Toyota team who raced in Formula One 16 years ago, said Formula One remained the pinnacle. He added that \u201con the human side,\u201d however, \u201cLe Mans is worth 100 times Formula One.\u201d', u'\u201cBecause the people who are here are real purist fanatics,\u201d Sarrazin said. \u201cWhile there are your average fan as well, as in Formula One, here there are lots of people who follow the cars, the Audis, the Toyota, the Porsches, they follow the history of the constructors as well. And when they ask us for autographs, often they have books on us, with all the photos of the cars we have driven at Le Mans.\u201d']), ([u'Sei Young Kim Shoots 5-Under 68 for Lead in Westchester'], [u'HARRISON, N.Y. \u2014  Sei Young Kim of South Korea has already won twice in her rookie season on the LPGA Tour.', u"Now the 22-year-old is taking aim at a major title, making an eagle on the 15th hole for a 5-under 68 Friday and a one-shot lead after the second round of the KPMG Women's PGA Championship.", u'Kim overtook Hall-of-Famer Karrie Webb, who birdied the 18th for a 71. Kim, who turned pro in 2010 and played on the LPGA of Korea Tour, shot bogey-free golf to finish at 8-under 138 at the Westchester Country Club.', u'"My goal for this year is to become top five," Kim said through an interpreter, "and if I win a major, I could be one step closer."', u'Two-time defending champion Inbee Park (68) joined Webb a stroke back.', u'Suzann Pettersen rallied with seven birdies for the best round of the day at 66 and tied Canadian teenager Brooke Henderson (73) at 6 under. Overnight leader Jenny Shin (75) and third-ranked Stacy Lewis (71) were three shots behind the leader.', u'Pettersen improved her score from the opening round by eight shots, making seven birdies from No. 5 to No. 15. Coached by Butch Harmon, Pettersen was coming off a win in Canada.', u'"I felt my speed of the greens was a little bit off yesterday. But stuck to the game plan," she said. "I didn\'t practice much after. I\'m right where I want to be."', u'Top-ranked Lydia Ko (76) missed the cut, which was 2 over, ending her streak of 53 consecutive made cuts. She had a double bogey on No. 2 to start her day and finished with four bogeys and three birdies.', u'"I just made a double and just couldn\'t get anything turned around," said the 18-year-old from New Zealand. "I missed a lot of 9-footers. I made two good putts the last two holes; it was already kind of too late."', u'Kim won LPGA Tour events in the Bahamas and Hawaii this year. She said she likes the West Course, and watched a talented male pro play on the longtime home of the PGA Tour event now called The Barclays.', u'"I was inspired by Tiger Woods, how he was able to make shots and shot-making," Kim said.', u'The 40-year-old Webb had three birdies and a bogey on the par-3 16th on another steamy day with temperatures in the 80s, which helped dry the greens. She hit her pitch shot within 5 feet on the par-5, 525-yard final hole.', u'"Nice to finish with a birdie on the last," Webb said. "It was a little bit more difficult today. I think the greens really dried out a little bit. It was still quite challenging to get the ball close to the hole."', u'The 17-year-old Henderson had five birdies and five bogeys in an up-and-down round with her father Dave as caddie. After three-putting on her final hole Thursday to finish a shot behind Shin, she bogeyed two of the first five holes on Friday.', u'She hit her approach shot at No. 17 within 8 feet for a possible birdie putt and a tie for the lead, but it ran past on the right.', u'"I didn\'t have my A game," said Henderson, playing in her fourth major. "I hit a lot of shots just really close to being really good but would just roll off the back because the greens were a little bit firmer. Just one of those days you have to learn from and move on."', u"Henderson, who turned pro in December, is playing on a sponsor exemption because she is below the LPGA Tour's age requirement of 18.", u'"It\'s really exciting seeing my name up there with Stacy Lewis and Karrie Webb and all the big names," she said. "It\'s awesome. I think I just have to stay patient, stay consistent and keep working on my game and I think good things will happen."', u'After shooting a bogey-free, 7-under 66 Thursday for a one-stroke lead after the opening round, Shin needed nine more shots on Friday. The 22-year-old Shin, who is seeking her first major, started on No. 10 and eagled the par-5, 525 yard 18th hole. But she had bogeys on Nos. 2, 4, 6 and 8, with a birdie on No. 7, to finish the front nine at 39.', u'"I wanted to shoot under par and try to get away from everybody as much as possible and do the Jordan Spieth and win by like 10 shots," Shin said. "But I was so frustrated, and I think that\'s one of the reasons why I made so many bogeys."', u'Lewis recovered from a double bogey on No. 2 with consecutive birdies on the sixth and seventh holes and capped her round with a tap-in birdie at the 18th.', u'"I think the officials didn\'t quite like the 7 under they saw yesterday, so the golf course was set up a lot tougher," said Lewis, a two-time major winner. "It played more like a major, which I like."', u'Lexi Thompson, Cristie Kerr, and British teenager Charley Hull were in a group at 4 under. Hull, tied for the lead at 8 under at the 12th, bogeyed four of the last six holes to finish at 74.', u'Michelle Wie, bothered by ankle and hip injuries, birdied the 18th for a 72 to make the cut.']), ([u'Turkey Struggle to Beat Lowly Kazakhstan in Euro Qualifier'], [u'ALMATY \u2014  Turkey kept their Euro 2016 qualifying hopes alive with a hard-fought 1-0 win away to bottom side Kazakhstan thanks to a late Arda Turan strike in their Group A game on Friday.', u'The visitors, who handed Kazakhstan their heaviest ever home defeat when they beat them 6-0 last time the teams met in Almaty in 2006, dominated the game but missed several chances.', u"Turkey's top scorer in qualifying, Burak Y\u0131lmaz, missed the target in the 53rd minute and hit the woodwork 20 minutes later.", u'But it was Yilmaz who set up Arda Turan to score what proved to be the winner in the 83rd minute in a tough match.', u'Third-placed Turkey are on eight points after six games ahead of the Netherlands, who have seven from five and were visiting Latvia later on Friday when group leaders Czech Republic, on 13, were away to second-placed Iceland who have 12.', u'Kazakhstan, who have one point, opened their account with a 0-0 draw at home to Latvia but have lost all five of their subsequent fixtures.', u'The top two qualify for the finals with the best third-placed finisher in the nine groups. The eight remaining third-placed teams play off to determine the last four qualifiers.', u'(Reporting by Dmitry Solovyov; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Rugby: Sailor Aghast After Armwrestle Opponent Breaks Arm'], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  An armwrestle for charity involving former Australia international winger Wendell Sailor went horribly awry when his opponent's arm broke live on television.", u"Only seconds into the contest, Ben Ross, an Australian former rugby league professional, was screaming in pain after his arm snapped during the segment on 'The Footy Show', a local chat show broadcast live on Thursday.", u'Distressed, Sailor called for a "medical" as the studio audience sat stunned.', u'"We\'ll go to a break, we\'ll come back after this. We need an ambulance," the show\'s shaken host Paul \'Fatty\' Vautin stuttered as 35-year-old Ross crouched in pain.', u'Ross once broke his neck in a tackle when playing for Sydney-based National Rugby League team Cronulla but said from his Sydney hospital that the broken arm was "probably" the most painful injury he had ever had.', u'"When I looked at Wendell\'s face I knew something was wrong," he told local broadcaster, the Nine Network.', u'"His face, if it was possible, turned white."', u'Sailor on Friday told a breakfast show on Sydney radio station KIIS that Ross had warned him of a tight shoulder.', u'"He said: \'if it feels like it\'s going to go, I\'ll just tap out and let go\'," the 40-year-old said.', u'Sailor apologised profusely.', u'"Even if you didn\'t like someone you never want to do that to someone," he said. "Just watching his face, hearing that noise go snap ... it was just terrible."', u'Ross took the break in good spirit, though.', u'"Wasn\'t anyone\'s fault mate," he tweeted.', u'(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Lady Gaga Helps Open European Games Open in Azerbaijan'], [u'BAKU, Azerbaijan \u2014  The first European Games opened in Azerbaijan on Friday with an extravagant opening ceremony featuring Lady Gaga, although even her star power failed to dispel some of the concerns hanging over the event.', u"The games in the oil-rich nation's capital Baku have become a focal point for criticism Azerbaijan's human rights record, and worries over the competition's sporting credibility.", u"They were opened by the country's President Ilham Aliyev, who has held power since 2003 and whose regime has been accused of jailing political dissidents on trumped-up charges.", u'The ceremony featured all the pomp of an Olympic opening as Aliyev entered with a flaming torch at the start of an eclectic show combining Greek myth, a giant floating pomegranate and a video message from physicists at the Switzerland-based CERN research center.', u'"This spectacular celebration is the victory of independent Azerbaijan and each Azerbaijani citizen," said Aliyev\'s wife Mehriban Aliyeva, who heads the organizing committee for the games. "Dear athletes, these games are for you."', u"The venue for the extravaganza was Baku's 68,000-capacity Olympic Stadium, whose walls lit up in the colors of the Azerbaijani flag during a ceremony steeped in nationalism, including the booing of the delegation from traditional rival Armenia.", u"That stadium will also illustrate the European Games' struggles to establish itself as a new major sports event when it hosts a low-level track and field competition. Many sports will be of near-Olympic standard, especially combat events like boxing and wrestling, but others like athletics and swimming will not feature star names.", u"An element of tragedy also hung over the opening after a 15-year-old Austrian swimmer was left with serious spinal injuries when she was hit by a bus while walking in the athletes' village on Thursday. Two teammates received less serious injuries.", u"The games are the brainchild of the European Olympic Committees and the organization's president Patrick Hickey.", u'"We are witnessing, we are creating a landmark moment in European sport," he said.', u'Hickey did not mention human rights, although he said "sport has a unique power to effect positive change" in society.', u'Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan were among the world leaders in attendance.', u'Lady Gaga\'s performance was kept a secret until part-way through the ceremony, with the American singer performing John Lennon\'s song "Imagine" while playing a piano covered in flowers. The singer, who wore a simple white smock as opposed to one of her signature eccentric outfits, was given a rapturous reception for her performance, which included an unusually full-throated rendition of the final verse of Lennon\'s low-key classic.', u'"I\'m extremely honored to be playing at the opening ceremony in Baku, and to be celebrating all of the amazing athletes who will compete in the European Games in this beautiful city," she said in comments released by organizers.', u'Under pressure from human rights activists, Azerbaijan\'s government has demanded that politics and sport be kept separate during the games. However, politics intruded into the ceremony when the athletes from Armenia, Azerbaijan\'s traditional rival, were roundly booed by the crowd, who also shouted "Azerbaijan!"', u"Azerbaijan's Nagorno-Karabakh region and some adjacent territory have been under the control of Armenian soldiers and local Armenian forces since a 1994 cease-fire that ended a six-year war.", u"Other teams were warmly welcomed, with Azerbaijan's neighbor Turkey and fellow ex-Soviet states Ukraine and Russia receiving some of the loudest cheers - apart from the roar reserved for the host nation's team.", u'"I know I have made everybody - all my friends and family back home - really, really happy and I am honored myself," Olympic boxing champion Nicola Adams told The Associated Press earlier Friday as she prepared to be Britain\'s flagbearer at the ceremony. "It\'s an amazing opportunity and it is a once in a lifetime thing."', u'The ceremony saw athletes from Kosovo parade for the first time under their own flag at a major games, as one of the 50 nations which have sent athletes to compete across 20 sports.', u"Protests against Azerbaijan's human rights record took place in cities around the world Friday, although in Baku, where demonstrations are heavily restricted, opposition groups did not announce any protests ahead of the opening ceremony.", u'The day before, jailed journalist Khadija Ismayilova criticized Azerbaijan\'s government, writing that the country was in a "human rights crisis" and beset by high-level corruption.', u'"Things have never been worse," said Ismayilova\'s letter, released by the PEN organization, which said it had been smuggled out of prison in pieces.', u'The games run through June 28.']), ([u'Deontay Wilder Hoping Title Defense vs Molina First of Many'], [u"BIRMINGHAM, Ala. \u2014  Deontay Wilder isn't shy when it comes to his ambitions, or anything else for that matter.", u"The WBC heavyweight champion makes his first title defense Saturday night against Eric Molina at Bartow Arena on the UAB campus an hour from his hometown. Wilder is hoping it will be far from his last, unabashedly talking of his designs on unseating Wladimir Klitschko as the world's top heavyweight; bringing that division back to prominence; and turning his college football-loving state into a boxing hotbed, too.", u'First things first.', u'"I\'ve done worked too hard to get where I am, to just defend it one time and give it up," Wilder said. "I set forth to be the undisputed heavyweight champ of the world. Many people may say they just want to be the heavyweight champ.', u'"I want all the belts. I\'m greedy like that. I want it all. I don\'t just want chicken, I want some mashed potatoes and greens."', u'The gregarious Tuscaloosa native won his first 32 fights by knockout within the first four rounds before becoming the first American heavyweight to claim a piece of the title since Shannon Briggs in 2006. Wilder won a unanimous decision over Bermane Stiverne on Jan. 17, with Molina (23-2, 17 knockouts) on the undercard.', u"There hasn't been a title fight in any weight class in Alabama, though the state has produced champions Evander Holyfield and Joe Louis. This one features a 6-foot-7 Wilder versus the 6-5 Texan Molina, who has won his last five fights, including three knockouts.", u"Wilder, a 2008 Olympic bronze medalist, is happy to put on a show. He and members of Molina's camp exchanged trash talk during the prefight news conference Thursday, which also included Molina's flamboyant promoter Don King.", u'"When I knock him out I\'m going to tell him, \'Welcome to Alabama,\'" Wilder yelled during the feisty exchange. "You\'re going to leave with a bloody mouth, nose and a black eye. Congratulations."', u"Then he settled back into his calmer persona, acknowledging that's just part of the promotion and entertainment side of boxing.", u'Wilder has made no secret of his designs on an eventual fight with Klitschko and wants to fight twice more in 2015. Trainer Jay Deas has tried to smother talk of future matchups this week.', u'"We\'ve got a tough fight in front of us," Deas said. "Eric Molina\'s a big, strong, tough guy. Anybody who\'s talking about Klitschko, talking about (Alexander) Povetki, talking about Tyson Fury, you may as well be talking Chinese to us, because there is none of that without Eric Molina. Eric Molina is the task at hand. He\'s the guy in front of Deontay Wilder Saturday night. That\'s the fight that we\'re talking about."', u'The 33-year-old Molina has worked for the past four years with former heavyweight Oliver McCall, who knocked out Lennox Lewis in 1997. This would be a similarly large upset.', u'"He\'s prepped me for the moment to shock the world, like he did to Lennox Lewis," Molina said. "I\'ve dreamed about it. I\'ve thought about it, way before this fight even happened, before I knew I was fighting the champion. I dreamed about it. I didn\'t know who I was going to knock out, but I dreamed about it. Thought about it. It seemed so real to me in my mind.', u'"When we signed to fight Wilder, it just came all together in my mind. This is what I dreamed about. The whole world, everybody, has written me off."', u'Molina lost in his pro debut and again to Chris Arreola in 2012, both on first-round knockouts.', u"Wilder has knocked out 18 opponents in the opening round. Molina said those numbers don't change his approach.", u'"This fight, I\'m the most confident I\'ve ever been, and I\'m not just saying that," he said. "I\'m confident. I know what I can do. I know that I can hurt somebody. I know that I\'ve hurt many people, so I\'m not questioning that coming into this fight. I can hurt this guy. I\'m confident. I\'m relaxed, and I\'m focused. I\'m ready to fight."', u'Wilder, meanwhile, showcased his stamina and boxing abilities against Stiverne after being known mainly for his power and quick knockouts.', u"He's adamant that trying to impress a home crowd and making his first title defense don't faze him.", u'"I don\'t get nervous," Wilder said. "I don\'t get butterflies, because I love this. This is when I\'m my happiest. I get silly. I may dance. I may sing. This is all Deontay. This is me. I\'m just a silly guy."']), ([u"Bolt Confident He'll Be Back in Top Form by Worlds"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Usain Bolt remembers the rain, remembers the false start, and remembers his excitement at racing a big-name opponent in the 100 meters for the first time.', u"Just over seven years ago, the Jamaican sprinter arrived at Randall's Island, east of upper Manhattan, as a 200 and 400 runner considered too tall for the 100. In just slightly more than a blink of an eye \u2014 9.72 seconds, to be exact \u2014 Bolt became the sport's biggest name.", u"He's retained that title ever since.", u"On Saturday, Bolt returns to the stadium where he set his first world record May 31, 2008, in his first individual race in the U.S since then. Now the owner of six Olympic gold medals, he'll run the 200 at the Adidas Grand Prix, New York's stop on track's elite Diamond League series.", u"Bolt said Friday he hopes to break 20 seconds for the first time this season, a modest goal for someone whose world record is 19.19. Saturday's 200 does not count for Diamond League points, and no one else in the field has broken 20 seconds in 2015.", u"Slowed by injuries last year, Bolt's performances have been unremarkable so far this season: He ran a 10.12 in the 100 at an exhibition in Rio in April (his world record is now 9.58).", u'But Bolt has looked beatable before when the stakes aren\'t the highest. As he matter-of-factly put it Friday: "When it comes to the championship, everything always comes together for me."', u'"I never worry," Bolt said, and he certainly seemed relaxed Friday.', u"So he can only laugh when he's asked about American Justin Gatlin, who has run a 9.74 this season and proclaimed that for now at least, he's the man to beat.", u'"It\'s hard not to see what he\'s doing, because he talks a lot," Bolt said with a wide grin.', u"The only times that concern him are what he can run at the world championships in China, and Bolt assured everyone he can tell from his training that he's well on his way to some fast ones. The opening rounds of the 100 aren't until Aug. 22 \u2014 10 weeks away.", u'"Everything is coming together," Bolt said. "I\'m feeling better every day in training. All I need to do now is get more races and execute. ... I\'m just trying to work my way back into shape, work my way back up the ladder.', u'"I\'m sure when I get to Beijing, I\'ll be ready to go."', u'After worlds comes the even bigger stage: the 2016 Rio Olympics. Already the only man to win the 100 and 200 in back-to-back Olympics, Bolt wants to separate himself even more from history by doing it three times in a row. And he still wants to break 19 seconds in the 200.', u"As Bolt himself frequently mentions, he doesn't particularly enjoy training. But when the major meets near, he always seems to get enough work in, and he said the motivation is still very much there.", u'"There\'s going to be a lot of sacrifice next season," he said. "I\'m going to be dedicated to getting it done."', u'Then he plans to compete at the 2017 world championships in London and retire after that, capping a career that took off here in New York.', u'Bolt arrived in the city in 2008 a few weeks after running an out-of-nowhere 9.76 at a meet in Jamaica. That created an intriguing matchup against American Tyson Gay, then the reigning world champ.', u'The 100 that night was delayed by thunderstorms, then again by a false start. Gay ran a 9.85, which would have been a strong performance on another day; instead, he lost by .13, an eternity in the 100.', u"Bolt said Friday he doesn't miss the anonymity that vanished for him that night. Nothing seems to fluster him \u2014 except perhaps getting to meet Barack Obama in April, when the two struck Bolt's signature pose together during the president's trip to Jamaica.", u'"I was playing it cool, but when I actually met him it was a different situation: I was dumbstruck," Bolt recalled. "I really didn\'t know what to say to the president of the United States. It\'s one of those moments that puts you in awe."']), ([u"LeBron's 'Slight' Headache a Big Deal in the NBA Finals"], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James called it a "slight" headache, though nothing involving the game\'s best player is ever minor.', u'So when James got a cut on his head after falling into a TV camera during Game 4 of the NBA Finals, it led to questions about everything from how the NBA treats head injuries to whether someone taking pictures should be close enough to cause one.', u'The league tried to deal with both issues long before Thursday night.', u"Baseline photography and TV positions were already reduced last summer, and a concussion protocol was previously in place. But according to the league's policy, a cut on the head alone is not a trigger for it.", u"The protocol requires concussion evaluation when a player is suspected of having a concussion or exhibits signs or symptoms of one. Based on the player's response, teams make the clinical judgment call whether to evaluate.", u"James was bleeding but not showing concussion symptoms. He was thinking clearly, saying he was aware he needed to stay in the game to shoot his free throws after being fouled by Andrew Bogut, or he wouldn't have been able to re-enter, according to league rules.", u'"No, I didn\'t have to go through any concussion protocol. I had a slight headache, which I think every last one of you guys would probably have if you ran into a camera. You might have a little bit more than that," James said during his postgame news conference.', u'"But I didn\'t go through any protocol. I\'m fine. Like I said, I got a few stitches and I got a little slight headache right now, but I\'ll be fine with that."', u'The Warriors dealt with the concussion questions in their last series. Both Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson suffered head injuries in the Western Conference finals, with Thompson diagnosed with a concussion following their Game 5 victory over Houston and having to be cleared to play in the NBA Finals.', u"Commissioner Adam Silver said last week during his finals news conference that he was confident in the league's protocol and in the way it was followed with the Warriors.", u'"Right now we talked to the other leagues. We\'ve talked to medical advisers everywhere about the best way to approach this," he said. "As I said, we think the best way we\'re approaching it now is best in class in terms of medical and science information that\'s available to us. But we\'ll continue to look at it."', u'The league had already been looking at player safety behind the baselines over the previous five years.', u'New rules last summer mandated an extra foot of open space on both sides of the basket stanchion. The "escape lanes," the unoccupied area on either side of the stanchion to the closest photographer spot, increased from 3 to 4 feet, and only 20 camera positions, 10 on each baseline, remained, down from 24 in 2013-14 and 40 during the 2010-11 regular season.', u"Social media was already flooded with cries to move the photographers and TV cameramen further even before James' bleeding had stopped. But at least one person seems to believe enough space had already been created.", u"Bogut, adding insult to injury, indicated James' actions after the foul caused the injury.", u'"I think he jumped into the cameraman," Bogut said. "I think he came down and took two steps and then fell on the cameraman."']), ([u'Radwanska Into Semifinals at Nottingham, Will Play Niculescu'], [u'NOTTINGHAM, England \u2014  Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska kept up her serene progress at the Nottingham Open by beating Lauren Davis in straight sets to reach the semifinals of the Wimbledon warm-up tournament on Friday.', u'Finding some form after a disappointing first half of the year, the 13th-ranked Radwanska won 6-2, 6-2 for her third straight easy victory in central England this week and will play Monica Niculescu in the last four.', u'"Winning another title is always great \u2014 I am going to do everything in my power to get it," said Radwanska, a Wimbledon finalist in 2012. "Every match helps. Now I really feel the grass and I\'m comfortable on it."', u'Radwanska has not dropped more than three games in a set this week.', u'Niculescu, who is unseeded, beat Johanna Konta 6-2, 2-6, 6-2 to end British hopes of a home winner.', u'Fifth-seeded Alison Riske of the United States advanced from the quarterfinals after Belgian opponent Yanina Wickmayer retired because of food poisoning when losing 6-2, 2-0.', u'Play was then suspended for the day because of rain, meaning the fourth quarterfinal between Ana Konjuh and Sachia Vickery will be played Saturday.']), ([u'On Auto Racing\u2019s Deadliest Day'], [u'It was a brilliant, sunny Saturday, June 11, 1955, and more than 200,000 spectators had showed up in ', u' for the 24-hour race that was featuring many of the greatest Formula One drivers and endurance racers of the era.', u'There were stars like ', u', ', u', Mike Hawthorn and Peter Collins, and lesser-known drivers like Paul Fr\xe8re and Olivier Gendebien. It was a great year for the cars, as well, brands like Aston Martin, Ferrari, Jaguar and Porsche. But the attraction of the race that year was to be the return of Mercedes-Benz, which had won the event in 1952, but had then been absent in 1953 and 1954.', u'Its 300 SLR was a prototype based on its winning Formula One car. Its star drivers were Moss and Fangio, sharing the No.19 car. There were two other Mercedes cars, one driven by Karl Kling and Andr\xe9 Simon, the other by John Fitch and Pierre Levegh.', u'The new Mercedes were exciting to watch. To compensate for their conventional drum brakes, they had a so-called air brake, which looked like the rear trunk of the car opening up to use an aerodynamic drag effect to powerfully brake the car. The body of the 300 SLR was made of an ultralight magnesium alloy called Elektron.', u'But if that all sounds familiar to contemporary racing enthusiasts, there were other aspects of that mid-20th-century race that were quite different. The track was only about 10 meters, or 35 feet, across; the pits on the main straight were part of the track itself, not separated by a pitlane; and, facing the pits, the spectators sat on benches and bleachers, and some even made their own viewing perches, standing on trestle tables they had set up trackside.', u'It was a hodgepodge, a ragged mass of humanity grouped along and over the edge of the track, with only bales of straw and a mound of earth separating them from the racing cars traveling at top speeds of 300 kilometers, or 185 miles, an hour. Given those conditions, a disaster could have been in the making on that June day should anything go wrong.', u'And only two and a half hours after the 4 p.m. start of the race, something indeed went terribly, tragically wrong.', u'Hawthorn\u2019s Jaguar was leading the race when it came up the main straight to pass a much slower car from a lower category, an Austin Healey driven by Lance Macklin.', u'Hawthorn passed Macklin, and then belatedly noticed that his mechanics had signaled him to stop in the pits to refuel. So Hawthorn slammed on his disc brakes and slowed abruptly, shifting over to the right side of the track to stop at the pits.', u'This took Macklin by surprise. He braked with his own less powerful drum brakes and swerved to the left to avoid the rapidly decelerating Jaguar.', u'Meanwhile, Fangio, who was in second position, about 200 meters behind Hawthorn, was coming up to pass the Mercedes of Levegh.', u'Levegh, though, was surprised by Macklin\u2019s Austin-Healey swerving across the track. He could not slow in time. So while racing at 240 kilometers an hour, with Fangio right behind him, Levegh\u2019s Mercedes made contact with the left rear of Macklin\u2019s car and was catapulted into the air.', u'It crashed on the embankment on the spectator side of the track and exploded in a ball of flames from the fuel.', u'Levegh, 49, was thrown from the car and killed instantly. His car broke into several pieces. Both the engine and the rear hood, with the air brake, were ripped out of the car and plowed a furrow through the crowd.', u'Worse, the hood spun around like a disc through the packed group of spectators, decapitating dozens of people. Many other spectators were killed by the explosion.', u'The initial flames caused by the burning fuel raised the heat level of the chassis, causing the magnesium to explode in white-hot flames, sending embers into the crowd.', u'Firefighters, unaware that pouring water on burning magnesium was counterproductive, tried to douse the conflagration and only ignited it further. The flames burned on for hours.', u'In addition to Levegh, 83 spectators were killed and 120 were injured.', u'The race organizers decided to continue the race, to keep spectators from clogging the roads, which would hamper efforts to evacuate victims.', u'Mercedes withdrew from the race after midnight, with Fangio leading, but the race ran to the end on Sunday, with Hawthorn winning.', u'Several countries immediately banned auto racing, including France, Germany and Switzerland, until safety was improved for spectators. Switzerland still has a ban on circuit racing in force today.', u'Mercedes had withdrawn from racing by the end of the year, and did not return until more than 30 years later, first in sports cars racing, and then, as an engine supplier, in Formula One in the mid-1990s.', u'This year, the 60th anniversary of the 1955 accident was marked at Le Mans with a minute of silence and wreaths laid near a plaque beside the track honoring the victims.']), ([u'Smith Makes 199 as Australia Take Command'], [u'(Reuters) - Australia moved towards another massive victory over West Indies on the second day of the second test in Jamaica on Friday after the hosts collapsed for the third time in as many innings.', u'After Australia scored 399 in a first innings highlighted by a knock of 199 by Steve Smith, West Indies were left reeling at 143 for eight in reply, 256 runs behind and facing the prospect of having to follow-on on Saturday.', u'Off-spinner Nathan Lyon and fast bowler Josh Hazlewood both took three wickets in a balanced Australian attack, while Jermaine Blackwood scored 51 for the home team.', u'But the day belonged to Australian number three batsman Smith, who fell one run short of his double century when he was adjudged lbw off the bowling of Jerome Taylor after lunch.', u"The batsman indicated that he got an edge with his bat but, with no hot-spot technology available, the video evidence was inconclusive and the umpire's decision stood.", u'Smith was only the eighth batsman in test history to be out for 199, and the first since 2008.', u'He has notched five centuries in his past six tests, and improved his career batting average to more than 55.', u'Though the 26-year-old narrowly failed to become the third Australian to score a double-century at Sabina Park, it was his highest test score and put his team in a commanding position to sweep the two-test series, after a nine-wicket win last week.', u'Fast bowler Taylor was easily the pick of the West Indies attack, finishing with career-best figures of 6-47 off 25 impressive overs.', u'The West Indies fielding was also average. They dropped a couple of catches and a missed stumping did not help the cause.', u'The home team then plumbed new depths of misery with an inept batting display as the wickets tumbled quickly, notwithstanding the strong Australian attack.', u'Only Blackwood (51) and Shai Hope (26) made more than 14 runs.', u'"It was a decent knock but I was a bit disappointed the way I got out," Blackwood told the host broadcaster after dishing up an easy catch to mid-off.', u"Lyon, meanwhile, was 'very happy' with his figures of 3-35.", u'"I really enjoyed my time bowling," he said.', u'"There\'s enough (in the pitch) if you put the ball in the right area and have patience."', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Cooper Unsure if Bishop Will Play Game 5 of Final'], [u"BRANDON, Fla. \u2014  Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper is unsure if injured goalie Ben Bishop will return for Saturday night's Game 5 of the Stanley Cup Final against Chicago.", u"Bishop sat out the Lightning's 2-1 loss in Game 4 Wednesday night with an undisclosed lower body injury.  The series is tied 2-2.", u'"I do not know sitting here today if Ben Bishop is going to play on Saturday," Cooper said after Friday\'s practice. "I hope he plays. I don\'t know if he\'s going to. He\'s got to get back on the ice. If he\'s not in the pregame skate (Saturday), that\'s a pretty good indication of whether he\'s going to play or not."', u"Bishop didn't practice Friday, which was predetermined.", u'"Bish, don\'t be alarmed that he\'s not out there," Cooper said. "He\'s feeling better with each day. When we made the decision not to play him the other night, the decision just wasn\'t made, \'Oh, we\'re not going to play him.\' It\'s, \'We\'re not playing you and you\'re taking the next three days off.\'', u'"This was all in the plan."', u"Andrei Vasilevskiy will get another start if Bishop can't go. The 20-year-old Russian rookie won Game 2 in relief, and played well Wednesday in his first playoff start, giving Tampa Bay little reason to worry about the potentially precarious position.", u'Vasilevskiy said he is ready.', u'"For sure," he said. "That\'s why I\'m here. I\'m very excited."', u'?']), ([u'Ganassi to Make Le Mans Debut as Ford Returns to Race'], [u"DETROIT \u2014  Ford will return to Le Mans next year with Chip Ganassi Racing driving the automaker's new GT car.", u'The return will come on the 50th anniversary of Ford GT cars placing first, second and third in the 1966 24 Hours of Le Mans.', u'The new GT car will run the full 2016 schedules of the FIA World Endurance Championship, and will continue to compete in the TUDOR United SportsCar Championship. Ford will debut the GT at the Rolex 24 in Daytona next January.', u"Ganassi is now the one owner represented in nearly every form of motorsports. He fields Chevrolets in the NASCAR Sprint Cup Series and IndyCar Series, Fords in IMSA's sports car program, and made his debut this year Red Bull Global Rallycross with Ford."]), ([u'One Long, Hard Spin Around the Clock in France'], [u'LE MANS, France \u2014 For 24 hours here this weekend, a vast and disparate array of cars, drivers and technologies will join in a free-for-all around the wildest, most gruelling of racetracks \u2014 part permanent circuit, part public highway \u2014 for the 83rd edition of the world\u2019s most famous and ever-more-loopy endurance race.', u'Started in 1923, the ', u', which runs at the Circuit of the Sarthe in western France from Saturday afternoon until Sunday afternoon, is not only the world\u2019s oldest active sports car endurance race. It is also the biggest auto racing spectacle anywhere, and this year it is getting even bigger.', u'Throughout its history, ', u' and ', u', encompassing strikingly different car and engine designs. For the 2015 edition, a major new competitor has been added in the highest category of the race: Nissan.', u'In a race that has so far this century been dominated by one car manufacturer, Audi, the arrival of Nissan is yet another affirmation of the importance of the 24 Hours of Le Mans to the major manufacturers.', u'\u201cIt is an acknowledgement of an interest in the series, the fact that now a fourth manufacturer believes that this platform of relatively free engineering solutions is something where a company can prove their technological dominance or qualities,\u201d Ralf J\xfcttner, managing director of Audi Sport Team Joest, said of Nissan\u2019s arrival. \u201cFor us, we have to beat Toyota, we have to beat ', u', we have to beat Nissan now, too.\u201d', u'After Toyota joined three years ago, followed by Porsche last year, Nissan has now taken up a challenge that should not be underestimated. ', u' all but one edition of the race since 2000. Peugeot won in 2009, and the 2003 edition was won by a Bentley \u2014 a brand owned by Audi, and which used an Audi engine as well as the Audi team and drivers.', u'The best word to describe the 24 Hours of Le Mans in every sense, though, is \u201cbig.\u201d Only the Indianapolis 500 comes close as a racing spectacle, but it does not truly compare. The 24 Hour of Le Mans is a weeklong celebration of cars and motor racing in a city of 143,000 people, where the racetrack will draw 250,000 for the race.', u'\u201cIt is a truly popular event, it\u2019s not in any way elitist,\u201d said Aur\xe9lien Demotier, a taxi driver in Le Mans. \u201cFor just 78 euros, a spectator has access to everything: the race, the parade in the town, overnight celebrations, rides. The entire area for 50 kilometers around the track is full of people attending the race.\u201d', u'The test sessions, car technical checks, parades and other events have been going on all week. Even the test days two weeks ago were included in the cost of a ticket for the full event.', u'Traditionally, thousands of spectators have come from Britain: Le Mans is only about a seven-hour drive from central England, via the Channel Tunnel.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s great to see all the British fans here, but it is not just all about the Brits for a British driver,\u201d said Anthony Davidson, a British driver for the Toyota team. \u201cIt\u2019s a truly global event, one of the biggest races in the world, so it does feel like a proper global stage that you are on when you race here.\u201d', u'There are other 24-hour races, such as those at Daytona, in Florida; Spa, in Belgium; and the N\xfcrburgring, in Germany. But there is no other event quite like Le Mans, not only because of the French race\u2019s history, but also because the track itself remains one of the most difficult and unique in the world.', u'It is extremely long, running for 13.6 kilometers, or 8.4 miles, on both public roads and a permanent track.', u'\u201cA super, super long track \u2014 that\u2019s very unusual, how long the track is for this type of racing,\u201d said Mark Webber, a former Formula One driver who has been racing with the Porsche sports car team since last year and who drove at Le Mans before his Formula One career. \u201cThe risk element is still there, driving past houses behind the barriers, trees are still around. And there are fans jammed in all around the track everywhere. You have more than 200,000 here on race day; you can smell the barbecues in the morning.\u201d', u'\u201cThe fatigue element, for the mechanics, the drivers, it\u2019s a very, very dramatic race,\u201d Webber added, \u201cbecause I think the emotions here run very high, because of the fatigue factor, and the concentration. I view the race as not beating the competitors, as such. First of all you have to beat the bloody race. You\u2019ve got to beat Le Mans: Trying to do 6,000 kilometers on the limit, it\u2019s not easy.\u201d', u'It is in fact the technological challenge that has attracted so many manufacturers in recent years. The wide-open rules allow the ', u', LMP1, to innovate with car and engine technology.', u'Nissan is bringing yet another twist with its arrival. For the past 55 years, ever since John Cooper put a racing car engine in the back of his Formula One cars in the late 1950s and then started a revolution in car design in 1960, racing car engines have been at the back of the car. This year, Nissan decided to return to the past by placing its modern hybrid engine in the front of its GT-R LM Nismo.', u'Darren Cox, the Nissan racing program director, explained that the relatively few technological restrictions at Le Mans led to the innovation. The World Endurance Championship, or WEC, of which the 24 Hours of Le Mans is a part, imposes few restrictions on the engine, but the aerodynamics in the back of the cars is greatly restricted. That means most of the cars have similar rear wings and rear ends, allowing little possibility of creating aerodynamic downforce in the back of the car.', u'\u201cA very simple engineering rule is that you have to balance your aero distribution with your weight distribution,\u201d Cox said. \u201cSo basically, you\u2019ve got to move as much weight forward as possible. So what\u2019s the easiest way to move the weight as forward as possible? Stick the engine in the front.\u201d', u'That in turn led to front-wheel drive from the engine and then rear-wheel power from the hybrid system.', u'\u201cThis is really turning conventional engineering thinking on its head,\u201d Cox added. \u201cWhich is why we say we are about \u2018Innovation That Excites.\u2019 This is a very exciting championship, and this car is the most innovative car out there. So it fitted our brand, no question.\u201d', u'But Nissan\u2019s program has prompted some amused looks and is being taken with a grain of salt by some of its competitors.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s very funny \u2014 no, just joking, it\u2019s superb,\u201d said Pascal Vasselon, director of the Toyota team. \u201cIt\u2019s very interesting to see a new constructor here, and the series can only profit by the arrival of a new major actor. For the moment, we will not count them among our principal competitors. But we greet them with open arms.\u201d', u'In testing, the Nissan was not even fast enough to beat the second category of prototypes. There are four categories in the race: the two prototype categories, LMP1 and LMP2, and the two GT, or Grand Touring, categories, one for professional drivers and the other for amateur drivers, which mixes professionals and amateurs on the same team. There are plenty of major car manufacturers involved in the various categories, such as Aston Martin, Ferrari and Chevrolet.', u'Toyota, in Le Mans for the fourth year, is seeking its first victory in the top prototype category, though it easily beat Audi to win the WEC series last year. In the same category, Audi is aiming for its 14th victory, while Porsche, which returned to WEC racing last year and won only one race in the series, is hoping to extend its record of victories at Le Mans to 17.', u'But Le Mans has never been about only the top category, and drivers at the lower levels say it is just as difficult and as glorious to win in their categories.', u'\u201cWe are in the same race,\u201d said Richard Lietz, who is in the Porsche GTpro category. \u201cAnd to win, it doesn\u2019t matter in which category, it is always difficult in Le Mans. I think there have been years where the GT battle has been a lot harder than the LMP1 battle; there have been years where there were five cars in LMP1 or even less, or factory against private teams.\u201d', u'\u201cBut for the overall victory, of course, only that class has a chance to win it,\u201d he added, referring to the LMP1 category. \u201cBut from the competition side, and difficulty to win, I think every class should have the respect from the people, because it is really hard.\u201d', u'The incredible disparity of the drivers, the cutting-edge technology, the 24 hours of fluctuating racing conditions and excitement for spectators combine to make the Le Mans 24 Hours the most bizarre and exciting single race in the world.', u'Some of the drivers come from nontraditional racing backgrounds. Many in the Nissan program, for example, have come through the GT Academy, a PlayStation competition that has converted video-game players into racing car drivers. The first winner of that program, in 2009, was Lucas Ord\xf3\xf1ez of Spain, who is now racing in the top category in Le Mans.', u'\u201cLe Mans means the ultimate goal for me,\u201d Ord\xf3\xf1ez said. \u201cIt has been my target since I won the GT Academy and I\u2019m really proud to be in LMP1, the top class of the race. Fighting for overall victory we know is going to be a big challenge.\u201d', u'And Le Mans demands expertise like no other auto race.', u'\u201cThis is a unique race, for sure, and it needs a somewhat unique way to attack it as well,\u201d said J\xfcttner of Audi Sport Team Joest. \u201cAttacking is already the wrong word. You don\u2019t attack it, you let it come to you.\u201d']), ([u"LeBron's Weary Cavs Try to Fill Up Tank for Finals Push"], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James has carried the Cleveland Cavaliers throughout the NBA playoffs but getting them over the finish line could prove too big a challenge as his weary team's shortened bench is taking a toll.", u"The banged-up Cavaliers, already down two starting players and dealing with health issues to a few others, looked sluggish in Thursday's loss to the Golden States Warriors that knotted the best-of-seven NBA Finals at 2-2.", u'"The one thing we\'ve been preaching the whole series is that we wanted to wear them down," Warriors forward Draymond Green said after Thursday\'s 103-83 win.', u"The Warriors did just that on Thursday as they played with a much higher intensity level, contested shots, pounced on loose balls and battled for rebounds en route to posting their highest regulation point total of the NBA's championship series.", u"Feisty Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova went to hospital to be treated for dehydration following Tuesday's Game Three and Iman Shumpert is battling a painful shoulder bruise.", u'That is on top of losing All-Star guard Kyrie Irving in the opening game of the Finals and Kevin Love early in the playoffs.', u'And on Thursday, Cleveland nearly lost the heart and soul of their team when James crashed into a camera along the baseline, leaving him with a headache and a bloody gash on his head that required stitches.', u"Even James, one of the most competitive players in the NBA, needed rest during key moments on Thursday's pivotal game.", u"After cutting a 12-point halftime deficit to six points in the third, James needed a rest in the fourth. With Cleveland's best player sitting, the Warriors restored their double-digit lead and cruised to the most lopsided victory of the series.", u'"I was just hoping our team could just buy me a couple minutes," said James. "We weren\'t able to do that tonight in the fourth quarter, and, I mean, it\'s difficult.', u'"You want to be out there, but also you don\'t want to be -- you want to be effective while you\'re out there too. So they made a huge run, and we just couldn\'t regather after that."', u"During Thursday's game, the Cavaliers trainer was massaging the cramped legs of both James and Dellavedova.", u'"(It) was the third game in five days, including the trip back from the West Coast, and it seemed to have an impact on us," said Cavaliers head coach David Blatt.', u'After playing three games in five days, players will enjoy a two-day break before the series resumes on Sunday in Oakland where one team will move one win away from snapping a decades-long title drought.', u"The Warriors are seeking their first NBA title in 40 years while the Cavaliers are shooting for a maiden championship and the city of Cleveland's first since the 1964 Browns of the National Football League.", u"Now that the Warriors have seemed to solve the offensive woes that dogged them in Game Two and Game Three losses, coupled with the obvious fatigue plaguing the Cavaliers, the momentum has shifted back in Golden State's favor.", u'"Maybe because it\'s our first trip to the Finals, we thought we can just play hard -- but it\'s not just about playing hard," said Warriors head coach Steve Kerr said.', u'"It\'s about playing every single possession like it\'s your last. I thought (last night) our effort took a step up. And that\'s why we were able to win."', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Olympics-Ukraine's Beresnyeva Fails Doping Test From London 2012"], [u'(Reuters) - Ukrainian swimmer Olga Beresnyeva has tested positive for the banned blood booster EPO after her sample from the London 2012 Olympics was retested by the International Olympic Committee, it said on Friday.', u'"During further analyses conducted earlier this year on samples collected during London 2012, Beresnyeva, 29, was found to have tested positive for the presence of recombinant erythropoietin (rEPO)," the IOC said in a statement.', u'"These additional analyses were performed with improved analytical methods in order to detect prohibited substances which could not be identified with the analyses performed at the time (2012)."', u'The athlete had placed seventh in the 10km open water marathon.', u'The IOC keeps samples for several years after each Olympics in order to retest them using new methods or test them for performance-boosting substances that may have not been known at the time.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann in Baku; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'What to Watch For at the US Open'], [u'And to think only 15 years ago, gravel was being mined from a pit that is now a public course hosting the 115th ', u'.', u'The star attraction of this championship is Chambers Bay, the Robert Trent Jones Jr. design with wild changes in elevation, stunning views of Puget Sound and \u2014 get this \u2014 no rough around the greens.', u'In fact, there will be markings so that players are clear when the fairway ends and the green begins.', u"There's plenty more new, too. Fox Sports was awarded a 12-year deal to televise the U.S. Open, which starts this year. There will be different graphics and gadgets, but what's seen isn't the biggest difference. Johnny Miller and his blunt analysis were a big part of the U.S. Open show when it was on NBC for the last 20 years. Those duties now fall to Greg Norman.", u"Here's more to look for when the championship starts Thursday:", u"TALE OF THE TIGER: This is the seventh anniversary of the last major Tiger Woods won, and there would not appear to be any relief in sight. Woods hasn't won a tournament since August 2013, and he hasn't finished in the top 10 in his last 14 tournaments worldwide. He is No. 181 in the world. The last time his world ranking was that bad, Jordan Spieth had just turned 3.", u'BID FOR A SLAM: Phil Mickelson has been relatively quiet this year. He was runner-up at the Masters, but no one was going to catch Jordan Spieth. Still, this is the U.S. Open. This is the only major keeping Lefty from becoming the sixth player to capture the career Grand Slam (Rory McIlroy missed his chance at the Masters). Mickelson believes he has at least a couple of more chances in him. Maybe this will be one of them.', u'CHIRPING: That sound is more likely to come from the players than any birds. Chambers Bay is getting plenty of attention from players who have never seen it. There\'s a chance teeing grounds will not be level. There are enough contours in the fairway to make bounces unpredictable. "Some of the players will absolutely embrace the architecture and embrace the golf course setup," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "Others will chirp."', u"PAR IS JUST A NUMBER: Par could be two numbers on No. 1 and No. 18. For the first time, the USGA plans to change par on two holes during the course of the championship. On the days that No. 1 is a par 5, then No. 18 will be a par 4. And when No. 1 is a par 4, the closing hole will be a par 5. Either way, it adds to a par 70. And what hasn't changed is that the low score wins.", u'I THINK THAT I SHALL NEVER SEE: In another U.S. Open anomaly, the only tree on the golf course is a Douglas fir located on a hill above the 15th green. Get used to it, for Chambers Bay still has one more tree than the next two major championship sites \u2014 St. Andrews (British Open) and Whistling Straits (PGA Championship).', u"GALLERY CONTROL: Don't expect to see fans four-deep lining every fairway at Chambers Bay. With the rugged dunes and 100-foot changes in elevation, this might be the toughest course to walk all year. The USGA is encouraging fans to find a grandstand, which would allow them to see several holes at one time. Remember, there are no trees to block anyone's view.", u"ANCHORS AWAY: Webb Simpson remains the only player to use an anchored stroke (belly putter) to win the U.S. Open at Olympic Club in 2012. This will be the last U.S. Open that long putters pressed against a player's body is allowed. It will be banned on Jan. 1."]), ([u'New Zealand Take Revenge in High-Scoring Game'], [u'LONDON \u2014  A resurgent New Zealand beat England by 13 runs on the Duckworth/Lewis method in a high-scoring second one-day international marred by a late rain interruption at The Oval on Friday to level the five-match series at 1-1.', u'The tourists responded superbly to their pummelling in the first game by piling up a huge total of 398 for five and England, despite a fine 88 from captain Eoin Morgan, finished on 365 for nine.', u'Ross Taylor hit 119 not out, Kane Williamson 93 and Martin Guptill 50 as the Kiwis bludgeoned the England attack to all parts of the ground on a sultry day in south London.', u'New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum, who won the toss, smashed 39 off 22 balls to set the tone and Williamson struck a six and 12 fours in a typically fluent knock.', u"Taylor reached his 13th ODI century, off 87 deliveries, and New Zealand finished 10 runs short of England's total of 408 for nine in the first game of the series at Edgbaston on Tuesday.", u'Fast bowler Chris Jordan conceded 97 runs in nine overs, equalling the most expensive figures in a one-day international by an England player.', u'England made a very decent fist of chasing their enormous target with Jason Roy and Alex Hales adding 85 for the first wicket.', u"Roy made 39, Hales 54 and Morgan's 88 off 47 balls, including six sixes and six fours, kept the hosts in the hunt.", u'But they lost too many wickets and, chasing an improbable target following a rain delay, New Zealand, World Cup runners-up this year, ruthlessly closed out the victory.', u'The third match of the series is in Southampton on Sunday.', u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Job Done, but Chile Will Need to Improve'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Chile got the three points they needed from their opening Copa America match but will have to improve if they are to stage a serious bid for their first title.', u'They needed over an hour to break down a stubborn Ecuador side in Santiago\u2019s national stadium on Thursday and when they finally did, their goal came from the penalty spot.', u'Second-half substitute Eduardo Vargas added a late second to seal a 2-0 win, but overall it was a workmanlike start from the hosts.', u'"We won, maybe not as spectacularly as people would have liked, but the result was fair," coach Jorge Sampaoli said.', u'Midfielder Arturo Vidal, who scored the penalty, acknowledged that Chile will need to improve significantly if they are to challenge the likes of Argentina and Brazil for the Copa title.', u'"The first match is always difficult due to nerves. It always takes a little bit more (to win it)," he said.', u'Chile have developed a habit of dominating matches but struggling to find the back of the net.', u"Despite the tremendous talents of Arsenal forward Alexis Sanchez and Juventus's Vidal, they have often lacked an out-and-out striker.", u'Vargas has shown signs he could be that man. He combines well with Sanchez and gave an extra boost to the Chilean front line after coming on at halftime against the Ecuadorians.', u'The Chileans face Mexico on Monday in their next Group A match and will be without Fiorentina midfielder Matias Fernandez, who made a late appearance against Ecuador only to be sent off in the closing minutes.', u'The Mexicans take on Bolivia on Friday in their opening match of the competition.', u'(Reporting by Javier Leira; writing by Gideon Long; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Chambers Bay Ready for Eyes of World to See Unique Layout'], [u'UNIVERSITY PLACE, Wash. \u2014  For the students at the nearby high school, it was simply known as the "Sand Pit," the landmark two miles down the road where they would run as part of gym class.', u'For the passengers on the train between Seattle and Portland, Oregon, it was a moment to look out the other windows of the train car and take in the waters of Puget Sound. Looking the opposite direction meant staring into the teeth of the ugly old gravel and sand quarry hugging the shoreline.', u"A decade ago, that was the property now known as Chambers Bay. It was sand, and gravel and old concrete pilings. An eyesore. That's when the metamorphosis began, and it transformed from a sandy blemish into a swath of greenery cut through man-made mounds and dunes unique to American golf and, specifically, the Pacific Northwest.", u'Now the close-up for Chambers Bay has arrived: The 2015 ', u', a rare occasion where the golf course is getting more attention than the players.', u'"It will be everything I know about the game being realized," course designer Robert Trent Jones Jr. said. "These were dreams and very, very hard work to craft the great green stage upon which the dream will be fulfilled. That\'s the reality. It\'s no longer a dream."', u'Chambers Bay is a reclamation project for the land on which it sits and for golf in the Pacific Northwest, a segment of the United States that is infrequently visited by championship golf.', u'Looking for green, lush, tree-lined fairways the width of a hallway with emerald foliage? Head up the road about an hour to Sahalee Country Club, the host of the 1998 PGA Championship. This is the antithesis of the stereotype for a golf course in this corner of the country.', u"Chambers Bay was built as the opposite of traditional, from the way it was constructed, to the funding behind the project, to the type of grass used on every fairway and green. The course was a risk of political and financial capital. It's about to have its biggest payoff, with a worldwide audience tuning in to see the fescue grass fairways and greens, the undulating, rolling putting surfaces and the brown-hued sand dunes all with the backdrop of Puget Sound water, the Olympic Mountains and bald eagles flying overhead.", u"When the first group tees off Thursday morning, Chambers Bay will become the youngest golf course to host the U.S. Open since Hazeltine \u2014 constructed by Jones' father \u2014 in 1970.", u'The creation of Chambers Bay was championed by then Pierce County Executive John Ladenburg, who decided the former gravel and sand quarry should be purchased by the county and use $21 million for its construction. From the beginning, Ladenburg demanded a golf course that was unique. Part of the reason Jones and his firm was chosen was their ambition, including the tag "Chambers Creek, home of the 2030 U.S. Open," in their presentations to the county.', u'Thanks to Winged Foot withdrawing its bid to host the 2015 Open, that audacious goal was off by 15 years.', u'The golf course was built hand-in-hand with input from the USGA, which had on-site influence throughout construction. Put a path there for spectator movement. Flatten the tops of the dunes so tents and grandstands may be easily erected. Keep the concrete pilings along the 18th \u2014 someday they might be perfect for corporate suites.', u'The U.S. Open was always the goal. Even what seemed like minor decisions proved vital in having a winning bid. When more money could have been put into providing a clubhouse with grandeur overlooking the 930 acres of the golf course and neighboring public spaces, as an example, Ladenburg and county staff insisted the funds be used for features that mattered to course.', u'"Every time (Ladenburg) was given a choice between that and a better commercial result, meaning money, he made the right decision," Jones said.', u'Among the unique aspects of Chambers Bay is the lack of the trouble found on other American courses. There are no vertical hazards on the golf course, or trouble with water. The one tree, Lone Fir, sits stoically next to the 16th tee. Jones and his group put the defense of the course in the sandy waste areas and mounded, rolling green complexes that will likely cause grumbles.', u'"Right away it looks benign. It seems benign. So what we did is invest the defense of the course in and around the green complexes. That\'s the heart of the golf course," Jones said. "The pulsing blood, flowing place where half the strokes in the game, in a par round, are expected to be made on the greens or on and around the greens. They\'re strongly contoured. They\'re lightning fast. You can\'t even tell where the fairway begins and the green starts."', u'The course has changed through its brief history. The 2010 U.S. Amateur served as a laboratory to see how it would react to tournament conditions. Teeing grounds were added. Landing areas were softened. Greens were reconstructed to accept shots from longer clubs. The entire seventh green was lowered and moved forward after the amateur to be more forgiving. Jones and his team even went so far as to roll basketballs on the reconstructed green to make sure good shots were rewarded and not penalized.', u'Those changes and the versatility of the course will be on full display during the championship. Some will still remember their first impressions of the site when it was just a giant sandbox.', u'"Taking a look over this fence at the property, and at that point it was just piles of sand, remnants of this old gravel and sand mine," USGA executive director Mike Davis said. "To think about where it is today, it\'s fun to look back at how it happened so quickly."', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show the initial investment was $21 million and the presentation given to the county referred to hosting the 2030 U.S. Open, not 2025.']), ([u'Nadal Beats Tomic to Reach Semifinals at Mercedes Cup'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Top-seeded Rafael Nadal overcame stiff resistance from Bernard Tomic to reach the semifinals of the Mercedes Cup with a 6-4, 6-7 (6), 6-3 victory on Friday.', u'Nadal will next play fourth-seeded Gael Monfils, who beat Philipp Kohlschreiber 7-5, 3-6, 6-3.', u'Also, second-seeded Marin CIlic served 19 aces to rally past qualifier Mischa Zverev 4-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (5) to set up a semifinal against eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki, who beat Sam Groth 7-6 (3), 6-1.', u'The tournament is a grass-court tune-up for Wimbledon and Nadal said he was pleased with his game. After needing 2 hours, 40 minutes to beat Marcos Baghdatis on Thursday, Nadal was stretched again a day later, staying on court for 2 hours, 20 minutes.', u'"I played better than yesterday. This is probably his favorite surface so it\'s a great victory for me," Nadal said.', u'Nadal seized the early momentum in the third set by taking a 3-0 lead to finish off the fifth-seeded Tomic.', u'Cilic, the ', u' champion, took advantage of a pair of mistakes by Zverev in the tiebreakers. Zverev committed his only double-fault to give Cilic two set points in the first and let a shot go that landed inside the line in the second, giving Cilic two match points. On both occasions, Cilic used his second opportunity.', u'Troicki withstood 13 aces from Groth, who also had seven double-faults.']), ([u"World's Fastest Harness Horse Dies in Kentucky"], [u"(Reuters) - The world's fastest harness horse has died in Kentucky, horse racing officials said on Friday.", u'Cambest died on Wednesday at Walnut Hall Farm in Lexington where he went to stud after retiring from racing about 22 years ago. He was 27.', u'Cambest holds the world record for covering the mile (1.6 km) in 1:46.1 during a race at the Illinois State Fair in 1993.', u'"To see that record still stand is phenomenal," said Gabe Prewitt, executive secretary of the Kentucky Harness Horsemen\'s Association.', u"Cambest won $1.4 million during his four-year career. The horses he sired have won more than $134 million in purses, but none of them could top their sire's best time.", u'"He was a wonderful horse," said Alan Leavitt, president and general manager for Walnut Hall Farm. "He was a horse that never did a wrong thing. He was easy to handle. He was a loving horse."', u'Leavitt said Cambest had been trotting around in his paddock minutes before he died and he did not suffer.', u'Cambest will be laid to rest in the Walnut Hall cemetery, according farm officials.', u'(Reporting by Steve Bittenbender in Louisville; Editing by Sandra Maler)']), ([u'US Open Gets a New Look for 115th Edition'], [u"So much is brand new about America's oldest golf championship.", u'Not to worry. The ', u" hasn't lost its reputation as the toughest test in golf. And it's still the most democratic of the majors, with more than half the field \u2014 including a pair of two-time champions \u2014 having to go through qualifying.", u'Just about everything else at the 115th U.S. Open is breaking new ground, starting with where it is being played.', u"Chambers Bay, a public course perched along Puget Sound south of Seattle, for more than a century was a sand and gravel pit used for mining. Ten years ago, it was still being built. And now it's the first U.S. Open in the Pacific Northwest, and the first major in the area since Vijay Singh won the PGA Championship in 1998 at Sahalee. No other golf course has been awarded a U.S. Open so soon after it opened.", u'Also new this year: Fox Sports was awarded a 12-year contract that starts this year. Johnny Miller no longer will be calling the shots. That now falls to Greg Norman. And Fox will be making its debut in major championship golf with a course hardly anyone has seen.', u"It's more than location that makes it so different.", u'Instead of thick rough typical of a U.S. Open, Chambers Bay has fine fescue grass that allows the ball to bounce and roll, similar to a links course. There are no tree-lined fairways because there is only one tree on the golf course.', u'"It\'s everything like a British Open," Phil Mickelson said after playing the Robert Trent Jones Jr. design. "I\'ve never seen this type of fescue in the United States. I\'ve never seen greens with fescue grass in the United States. The ball runs like the British. You\'re hitting the same shots as the British."', u"Maybe that bodes well for Mickelson, who hasn't won a tournament since the 2013 British Open. This is his second shot at trying to become only the sixth player with the career Grand Slam. All he has from the U.S. Open, the only major he has never won, is a record six silver medals.", u"The par 70, but even that is different. The USGA plans to move the tees and alternate par between 4 and 5 on the first and 18th holes. And there's a par 3 (No. 9) that has two sets of tees \u2014 one that makes it play slightly uphill, the other has a 100-foot drop to the green.", u'Players already are suspicious, especially after USGA executive director Mike Davis said that anyone who plays only two practice rounds and has his caddie walk the course to get the yardage off the tee and to the green is "done."', u"It's not clear if the USGA is trying to identify the best player or the best student of architecture.", u'"There\'s going to be someone lifting the trophy at the end of the week," said Rory McIlroy, the world\'s No. 1 player. "It\'s a bit of an unknown to most people, so you have to prepare. But you can fall into the trap of trying to over-prepare."', u"He said that right before he missed consecutive cuts in Europe, his final competition before the second major of the year. Missing cuts is nothing new for McIlroy, but no less startling for the world's No. 1 player who has made mini-slumps in the summer two of the last three years.", u'Still, nothing is more surprising these days than Tiger Woods.', u'The last time the four-time champion played in the U.S. Open, at Merion in 2013, he was No. 1 in the world and in the midst of a five-win season. Now he is No. 181 and has gone nearly two years since his last victory. Woods took two months off early in the year when his game hit an all-time low \u2014 an 82 in the Phoenix Open \u2014 and then three tournaments into his return, he shot an 85 at the Memorial.', u'Woods also took a reconnaissance trip to Chambers Bay and was struck by how different it could play, with a variety of tees that could allow some par 4s to be reached off the tee, and other par 4s that required a fairway metal for the second shot.', u'"What combinations is Mike going to present us?" Woods said. "He could make it to where it\'s just brutal, or he can make it to where it\'s pretty easy and give us a combination of both, and then switch it up on every other hole. That\'s going to be the interesting part."', u'McIlroy and Masters champion Jordan Spieth are the betting favorites, and the form is with Spieth. Only three times in his last 10 events has Spieth finished out of the top three, including a 65 at the Memorial in his final start. The 21-year-old Texan also has the advantage of being one of the few to have competed at Chambers Bay, although it may be a bad memory.', u'It hosted the 2010 U.S. Amateur, during which it played bone dry and was much more unpredictable than it is now. Spieth was among 11 players at the U.S. Amateur who are back at the U.S. Open.', u"Spieth shot 83 and failed to advance to match play, though he wasn't alone. Brooks Koepka shot 81. Russell Henley shot 82.", u'"I didn\'t really see much of it," Spieth said. "Actually, I saw a lot of it \u2014 I didn\'t see much of the places I want to see."', u"This is a mystery that the world's best will have four days to solve."]), ([u'Even Without Many Bloop Hits, Stanton Has Eye-Popping Stats'], [u'MIAMI \u2014  Major league home run and RBI leader Giancarlo Stanton believes he has been unlucky this season, and he might be right.', u'Scratch hits have been tough to come by for the Miami Marlins slugger, who went into the weekend with only 24 singles and was batting just .249. Last season he had 96 singles and hit .288.', u"He's confident his fortunes will improve, as will his average.", u'"It\'s going to take a while to get that up," he said. "Stay the course over the next weeks and months, and it should be back."', u"Not that the Marlins gave Stanton a record $325 million, 13-year contract last November because of bloopers and bleeders. His hits tend to produce dented balls rather than broken bats, and he's whacking mammoth home runs at his customary pace.", u'His 22nd homer of the season on Thursday against Colorado was a typical eye-popper \u2014 a laser drive whose trajectory likely never climbed above 20 feet before the ball slammed into the Rockies bullpen.', u'"I was running from first, trying to score on a double," teammate Christian Yelich said. "I thought it was going to hit the wall, and it went over. He\'s probably the only guy in the league where that\'s a homer."', u'By one estimate, Stanton has five of the nine longest homers in the majors, including a 484-foot shot last week at Colorado that ranks No. 1.', u'He drove in another run Thursday with a different kind of tape-measure blow \u2014 a two-out swinging bunt that came to rest on the third-base foul line. It was only his second infield single this year.', u'"Not the ideal hit, but whatever works," he said. "I need to rack those up for us."', u"The fourth-place Marlins could indeed use even more from Stanton, although it's tough to argue he has underachieved.", u"With 55 RBIs entering the weekend, he's on pace for a career-high 146, and his projected 58 homers would easily represent a personal best. Manager Dan Jennings said 60 homers is a possibility.", u'"Nothing this guy might do will surprise me," Jennings said. "He\'s a freak of nature."', u'Questions about his recovery from a beaning last September have stopped, although he still wears a face mask against right-handed pitchers. His success as a run-producer comes while playing half his games in vast Marlins Park, which has yielded the fewest homers of any stadium in the majors.', u'But Stanton also entered the weekend with a major-league-high 84 strikeouts, giving him a shot at an odd trifecta. He could become the first player to lead the big leagues in home runs, RBIs and strikeouts since Cecil Fielder of the Tigers in 1990, according to STATS.', u"Jennings said he's not concerned about Stanton's strikeout pace.", u'"I just want the big man to keep being the big man," Jennings said. "We\'ll take big \'G\' just as he is. When he does impact the ball, there\'s damage coming."', u"But the strikeouts have weighed down the batting average, which was under .230 early this month. Many of Stanton's Ks have come with runners on base, and he's tied for sixth in the majors in runners left on base.", u'Only two of his homers have come with more than one runner aboard, in part because pitchers are anxious to work around him in those situations.', u'"I haven\'t been at my best there," he said.', u"When Stanton does make contact, he's batting .393 \u2014 no surprise because he hits the ball so hard. Just ask Yelich, who often bats ahead of him.", u'"It stinks being on third base when he\'s hitting," Yelich said. "You\'ve got to keep your head on a swivel, and try to get out of the way the best you can if he yanks one down there."', u'With Stanton at bat, Yelich knows better than to expect many 40-foot dribblers.']), ([u'Froome Likely to Sleep on Wheels During Tour De France'], [u'VILLARD DE LANS, France \u2014  Team Sky leader Chris Froome is likely to sleep in a private motorhome during the ', u' instead of French hotels, team principal Dave Brailsford said on Friday.', u"The British outfit tried out the set-up in last month's Giro d'Italia with Richie Porte, who abandoned the race injured after two weeks.", u'"It was interesting, that was definitely an advantage. There were some challenges with it, logistically, and silly little things that we had not thought about like you plug all your electrics into a hotel and you blow their kitchen, you\'ve got to think about that," Brailsford told reporters after the sixth stage of the Criterium du Dauphine, the leading warm-up race for the Tour de France.', u'Asked if Sky would take the motorhome to the July 4-26 Tour de France, Brailsford said: "Potentially, not 100 per cent guaranteed.', u'"In modern times, if a lead rider should be sharing a twin room and wake up at the crack of dawn... I thought the sport was about moving forward."', u'Brailsford said that the hotel Team Sky were provided with on Thursday by Amaury Sport Organisation (ASO), which organises the Tour and the Criterium du Dauphine, was not ideal.', u'"The hotel we were in last night, it wasn\'t great you know... then you\'ve got to pack and unpack. We were leaving at a quarter to eight this morning.', u'"Sport science is massive on sleep at the moment."', u'Insiders in the sport have criticised Sky for their marginal-gain philosophy and laughed at them bringing a motorhome to the Giro.', u'Brailsford could not care less.', u'"Things change, you only have to go to a MotoGP or a world rallying championship. At the Mugello GP recently there were 43 motorhomes and we\'re all having a laugh about one 10-year-old motorhome causing such a stir in our sport," he said.', u'Froome, the 2013 Tour de France champion, is seventh overall in the Criterium du Dauphine with two stages left, one minute 21 seconds behind yellow jersey holder Vincenzo Nibali of Italy.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Man United Complete Depay Signing'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Manchester United have completed the signing of PSV Eindhoven forward Memphis Depay on a four-year contract, the Premier League club said on Friday.', u'United announced last month they had reached a deal to sign the 21-year-old Netherlands international for a fee reported to be around 30 million euros ($33.67 million).', u"Depay, who has spent his entire career with PSV, making 124 senior appearances, finished as the Dutch league's top scorer last season with 22 goals in 30 games as Phillip Cocu's side wrapped up their first title in seven seasons.", u'"This is a dream come true for me; to play for the biggest club in the world and also to have the chance to work with someone who I believe is the best manager in the world, Louis van Gaal," Depay told the club\'s website (', u').', u'"I have great belief in my ability and I work hard to strive to achieve my dreams."', u"Depay, who can play on the left of a front three or as a central striker, scored two goals at last year's World Cup as the Netherlands finished third under the guidance of United manager Louis van Gaal.", u'"I know Memphis well from our time working together in the Netherlands national team," Van Gaal said.', u'"He is a young versatile player who has the ability to play in a number of different positions.', u'"It will take time for Memphis to get used to the rhythm of the Premier League but I have no doubt that he has the potential to become a great footballer for this club and he is at the right club to continue the good work he has done so far."', u'(Reporting By Michael Hann)']), ([u'Jazz Hits the Right Notes to Join Kim in Thailand Lead'], [u'(Reuters) - Thai teen Jazz Janewattananond fired a six-under-par 66 to join Korean Kim Kyungtae at the clubhouse lead at the halfway mark of the Thailand Open on Friday.', u'The 19-year-old Thai, looking for his maiden title since turning pro at 14, made seven birdies and a bogey to join Kim at top on nine-under.', u'A two-hour-and-45-minute delay due to bad weather meant 57 players will return on Saturday to complete their rounds.', u'"I have been playing pretty good lately so it is good to keep it going in my national Open," said Jazz.', u'"My ball striking has been great so that makes everything easier as this is a difficult course. The greens are tough but I hit all my shots close to the hole so that helped."', u'Kim sank eight birdies in his bogey-free 64, showing glimpse of form that helped him become the first Korean to win the Japan Golf Tour money list in 2010.', u'"I am focusing on playing shots and not thinking about my golf swing," he said.', u'"It has helped my game a lot and my confidence is coming back. The only other area I am working on is keeping a good rhythm."', u"Thailand's Namchok Tantipokhakul (66) and Zhang Xin-jun (67) of China also rushed through their rounds to finish the day one shot adrift of the leaders in the $1 million tournament co-sanctioned by OneAsia and the Japan tours.", u'(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Ford to Return to Le Mans in 2016 With GT Car'], [u"LE MANS, France \u2014  Ford will mark the 50th anniversary of its 1966 Le Mans 24 Hours victory by returning with a new GT car for next year's event as well as entering the full world endurance championship, the manufacturer announced on Friday.", u"The plans were revealed at the Sarthe circuit in western France on the eve of this year's event, one of the biggest motorsport draws in the world with a crowd of some 250,000 spectators.", u'Ford will compete in the Le Mans GT Endurance class for professional teams (LM GTE pro), rather than the top tier Le Mans Prototype 1 (LMP1) category which has been dominated by Audi recently.', u"This year's race has 56 entries, ranging from the awesome diesel hybrid Audi R18 e-tron quattro to regular sportscars like Porsche 911s, Aston Martin Vantages and Chevrolet Corvettes.", u'"When the GT40 competed at Le Mans in the 1960s, Henry Ford II sought to prove Ford could beat endurance racing\u2019s most legendary manufacturers," executive chairman Bill Ford said in a statement.', u'"We are still extremely proud of having won this iconic race four times in a row, and that same spirit that drove the innovation behind the first Ford GT still drives us today."', u'The new Ford GT car will compete in the full 2016 world endurance championship and United SportsCar Championship in the United States, making its race debut in January at the Daytona 24 Hours.', u"Ford will enter two teams, to be operated by Chip Ganassi Racing with Felix Sabates, with a four-car entry at Le Mans in a year's time.", u'Ford swept the top three places at the 1966 Le Mans 24 Hours and won the next three editions of the race.', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Pavlov Makes Dog's Dinner of Opening Hole at Lyoness Open"], [u"(Reuters) - Russia's Andrey Pavlov recorded the second-worst score for a single hole in European Tour history on Friday, taking 17 on the par-five first at the Lyoness Open in Austria.", u'Pavlov, who carded 71 in the first round, landed in the water six times on the 506-yard opening hole, eventually carding an 18-over 90 to miss the cut for the 15th time in 15 attempts on both the European and Challenge Tours.', u"The 28-year-old matched Englishman Chris Gane's feat of taking 17 on one hole at Gleneagles in 2003. Frenchman Philippe Porquier tops the European Tour list with a 20 at the 1978 ", u'.', u'The 1,598th-ranked Pavlov entered the Lyoness Open by invitation. He finished 26 over at the same tournament last year.', u'(Reporting by Michael Hann, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Interpol Ditches FIFA Deal as Corruption Scandal Deepens'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Interpol suspended a 20-million-euro ($22 million) sports "integrity" agreement with FIFA on Friday, at the end of testing week for soccer\'s scandal-hit ruling body that saw its chief spokesman quit, bidding for the 2026 World Cup shelved and records seized from its Zurich headquarters.', u'FIFA also faced growing calls -- this time from the European parliament -- for its outgoing president, Sepp Blatter, to step aside at once, while plans by Germany to reform the way the organization is run were roundly rejected by soccer chiefs in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean.', u"Interpol's decision to freeze funding from FIFA to fight match fixing and illegal gambling was perhaps inevitable, coming only days after the international police organization put two former FIFA officials on its most-wanted list and the corruption crisis in world soccer deepened.", u"The increasing damage to FIFA's reputation raised questions about how long other associated bodies and even sponsors would continue to work with it.", u'"The real damage of this decision by Interpol is the wider perception that conflicted organizations are now deserting FIFA. It further exacerbates FIFA\'s \'unclean\' image and its escalating isolation," said Chris Eaton, an ex-Interpol officer and former FIFA adviser on anti-corruption, now with the International Center for Sport Security.', u'Interpol\'s decision was a disappointment, FIFA said, since the 2011 "integrity in sport" program was not connected to the "current issues" it faced.', u'The corruption scandal erupted when police descended on a luxury hotel in Zurich on May 27 and arrested seven FIFA officials, pending extradition to the United States.', u'At the center of the investigation are transactions that went into accounts held in a bank in Trinidad in the name of CONCACAF, the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football, that were "controlled" by former FIFA Vice President Jack Warner.', u'In an interview with British television, Oliver Camps, described as Warner\'s right-hand man, said he felt "used and abused" by his old friend and associate.', u'"We were like brothers. I realize that I should not have put so much confidence in him because he made me do the wrong thing and I was doing it very innocently. I knew nothing about those things," Camps told Channel 4 News.', u'Warner has denied all charges leveled against him. He was not immediately available for comment.', u"Channel 4 News said Camps, Caribbean soccer's finance committee chairman, had signed cheques worth millions of dollars on Warner's behalf, which were supposed to finance Trinidad's team in the 2006 World Cup in Germany. It said he was still signing the cheques three years after the World Cup ended.", u'SCANDAL WORSENS', u'It has been another bleak week for FIFA.', u'On Wednesday, FIFA postponed the bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup, with Secretary General Jerome Valcke saying during a visit to Russia that it would be "nonsense" to start the process under present circumstances.', u'Then, perhaps reflecting the growing crisis, the usually composed Valcke unburdened himself of an emotional tirade, saying he was being destroyed by the media in his native France and defending his decision to sign off on a $10 million payment at the center of the U.S. bribery investigation.', u'Brandishing his pen, a clearly irritated Valcke demanded of journalists: "You want me to take this pen and to hit my head and say \'Hey! I have been stupid, I should have asked many more questions?\'"', u'"You have decided that after Blatter I have to be next head to be cut?" Valcke told a news conference.', u'On Thursday, Communications director Walter de Gregorio, the public face of the soccer body, resigned after telling a joke at the expense of his employers on Swiss television.', u'"The FIFA president, secretary general and media director are sitting in a car. Who\'s driving. Answer? The police."', u'Despite announcing his resignation, Blatter has remained at his desk, saying he wants to usher in reforms at FIFA before his successor is chosen. FIFA announced that would happen at an election some time between December and February.', u'The German Football Association meanwhile came up with a radical reform plan under which FIFA\'s voting structure should be based on the "size and sporting relevance" of its member federations.', u"At present, each of FIFA's 209 members has a vote, giving soccer power-houses Germany and Brazil the same influence as tiny Pacific islands.", u"Soccer chiefs in developing countries, who have enjoyed generous funding to promote the game from FIFA during Blatter's 17 years in power, denounced the plan as unfair and racist.", u'The South American confederation CONMEBOL meanwhile came under pressure of its own when Congress in Paraguay, where the soccer body is based, approved a measure withdrawing immunity from its Asuncion headquarters.', u'A draft bill to remove the immunity was put to Congress last month after U.S. authorities announced indictments of 14 past and present senior soccer officials and sports media executives connected to FIFA.', u'"There is an urgent need to repeal this law and get on with the investigation," Senator Juan Carlos Galaverna said during a debate over the measure, which is expected to be signed into law by President Horacio Cartes.', u'(Writing by Giles Elgood and Crispian Balmer; Editing by Peter Millership and Andrew Heavens)']), ([u"Injuries Won't Change My Game, Says England's Wilshere"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Arsenal and England midfielder Jack Wilshere will continue with his all-action displays despite considering a calmer approach to matches following a string of injuries.', u"The 23-year-old is returning to full fitness for the first time in six months after undergoing an ankle operation following a late challenge from Manchester United's Paddy McNair in November.", u'During his recovery period Wilshere, whose career has been plagued by persistent injuries, thought about adapting his style following suggestions it would help avoid similar knocks.', u'"When I was injured I read a few people who said that. I thought maybe they are right, maybe I should change it a little bit," Wilshere told a news conference on Friday.', u'"As soon as I came back on my first game naturally I wanted to pick up the ball up and run with it, I can\'t change that. I can work on a few things maybe.', u'"You look at the best dribblers in the world like Lionel Messi and Andres Iniesta, and when they run with the ball the ball\'s always close to them.', u'"I can work on that. But I definitely won\'t be changing my game."', u'England are top of Euro 2016 qualifying Group E with 15 points from five games and play Slovenia on Sunday hoping to extend their unbeaten run of 10 matches.', u"Roy Hodgson's side drew 0-0 against Ireland in a drab friendly in Dublin last weekend but Wilshere believes England will be much sharper against Slovenia.", u'"We are not going into the game thinking we want a draw. But at the same time we don\'t want to lose a game," he said.', u'"We want to keep that unbeaten run going. We feel we have enough quality to go over there and win the game.', u'"We kept a clean sheet on Sunday, it wasn\'t the best performance but we did keep a clean sheet. If we can do that on Sunday, I think we can win the game."', u'(Reporting by Michael Hann, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Porsche Chasing First Victory in 17 Years at Le Mans'], [u'LE MANS, France \u2014  Brace for a tough fight between Porsche and Audi at the 24 Hours Le Mans this weekend.', u'Porsche, the most successful manufacturer at Le Mans with 16 titles, will have its trio of 919 Hybrids on the top three positions of the grid on Saturday after Neel Jani, Romain Dumas, and Marc Lieb posted the fastest time in qualifying.', u"Audi, which has dominated the world's most famous endurance race over the past 15 years, sealed the next three spots.", u'"To be in pole position in the 24 Hours of Le Mans, with a mythical brand such as Porsche, is exceptional," Jani said.', u'With a fastest lap of 3 minutes 16:887 seconds at the 13.6-kilometer circuit, Jani set a new record for an LM P1 car in qualifying, and became the first Swiss driver since Jo Siffert in 1968 to secure pole position at the western France track.', u'"Now we are aware that the hardest is yet to come," Jani said.', u'In its return to Le Mans after a 16-year absence in the top category, Porsche missed out on victory last year after its leading car was stuck in the pits because of a mechanical problem as Marcel Fassler, Andre Lotterer, and Benoit Treluye drove Audi to its fifth straight title.', u'This year is different, with the three Porsches having improved their reliability, and said to hold a speed advantage on the long straight lines of the circuit.', u'"People have great expectations of us, we have a sensational record here in the past," said former Formula One driver Mark Webber, who will drive Porsche No. 17 from the second spot with Brendon Hartley and Timo Bernhard.', u'Behind them in third will be the No. 19 Porsche driven by Nick Tandy, Earl Bamber and Nico Hulkenberg.', u'"Porsche is synonymous with success here. It\'s a great burden for us to carry, we\'re proud of that, but it\'s not something that will guarantee us results on Sunday," Webber said.', u'Behind the two German manufacturers, Toyota is betting on reliability rather than speed to defy the odds, with its two hybrid cars starting from seventh and eighth.', u'"If we really focused on qualifying we could have been quite a bit closer, but that wasn\'t the target," said Anthony Davidson, teaming up with world endurance co-champion Sebastien Buemi and Kazuki Nakajima. "We have concentrated all through the week on getting a nice balance. From the team and drivers side, we have done everything we planned to do. I feel good going into the race."']), ([u"Austrian Swimmer Not in 'Acute Danger'"], [u'BAKU \u2014  The Austrian synchronised swimmer hit by a shuttle bus in the European Games athletes\' village is out of "acute" danger but will require more surgery with her spine also affected, the country\'s Olympic committee said on Friday.', u'Vanessa Sahinovic, 15, was one of three Austrian swimmers injured as she walked along the pavement in the village on Thursday. She was flown back to Vienna the same day.', u'"The 15-year-old suffered multiple fractures and was flown to Vienna where she was operated on all night," the Austrian Olympic Committee (AOC) said in a statement.', u'"Apart from her hip region and thigh, her spine has also been affected," it said.', u'"Sahinovic is at the moment in an artificial deep sleep and will undergo more operations in the coming days."', u'Games organisers said police have launched an investigation into the accident.', u'Team mate Luna Pajer, who was also flown back, broke her arm and will be released from hospital soon while Verena Breit received treatment in Baku and returned to the team.', u'"We are still all in a state of shock," AOC President Karl Stoss said.', u'"It is difficult to comprehend that his accident happened without any involvement of the girls who were walking on the pavement in the athletes\' village."', u'The European Games officially start later on Friday and run until June 28.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Brazil May Lift Visa Needed by Americans Heading to Olympics'], [u"RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  Brazil's tourism minister said Thursday the visa requirements may be lifted for Americans wishing to attend next year's Rio de Janeiro Olympics, an effort that may boost ticket sales.", u'"We would expand the exception for the visa for the American market for those who want to come to the Olympics," Henrique Eduardo Alves said, speaking at the Olympic Park being built in the western suburb of Barra da Tijuca.', u'He gave no specifics and did not mention other countries.', u'The minister said Brazil \u2014 a country of 200 million \u2014 receives 6 million foreign tourists annually. France, with one-third the population, received about 85 million in 2013, according to United Nations figures. The United States was second with 70 million.', u'Rio Olympic organizers say they are satisfied with the early ticket demand, though some estimates show demand at this stage lagging well behind the 2012 London Olympics.', u'Ticket sales to Brazilians appear to be strong for events like soccer, basketball, volleyball and track and field, but weaker for Olympic events that are not widely followed in the South American country.', u'Research into the impact of the Olympics or World Cup on tourism suggests a modest to neutral effect on tourism, or in many instances a decrease. Predictions by organizers or the host country are typically inflated and inaccurate.', u'Some travelers avoid the mega-events, preferring to miss soaring hotel rates and price gouging.', u'"Brazil has chronic difficulties, we know that," Alves said, listing security and public services. "All those problems are not just for the Olympics, but for Brazil in general, specifically the poorest regions."', u'He said the work on the Rio venues was going "OK" and expressed no concerns.', u'Brazil is spending about $13 billion to prepare for the Olympics, a mix of private and public money', u'Rio was criticized a year ago by a top IOC official for the "worst" preparations in recent history, but work has accelerated in the last year with the Olympic Park rising quickly. About two-thirds of the events will take place there with others spread around the city.', u'Soccer will be played in Rio, and in five other cities: Sao Paulo, Salvador, Manaus, Brasilia and Belo Horizonte.', u'___', u'AP video reporter Luiz Lopes contributed to this report.', u'___']), ([u'Arsenal Charged Over Chambers Transfer'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Arsenal have been charged for allegedly breaching rules relating to football agents' regulations, the FA said on Friday.", u"The charge relates to the Premier League club's signing of young Southampton defender Calum Chambers for around 16 million pounds ($24.8 million) last year.", u"Agent Alan Middleton has also been charged over breaking the FA's agent regulations relating to the same transfer.", u'Arsenal have until June 26 to respond.', u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'England on the Attack Against Mexico, Says Kirby'], [u"(Reuters) - Striker Fran Kirby says England will use their tactical nous to  exploit Mexico's weaknesses in Saturday's Group F match at the Women's World Cup.", u"Mark Sampson's side were beaten 1-0 by France in their opening game of the tournament in Canada after opting for a 4-1-4-1 formation that drew a blank against Les Bleus.", u'England sit bottom of Group F but the 21-year-old Kirby believes they will be more adventurous in attack against Mexico.', u'"There has not been anyone who has been downhearted and there\'s nobody that doesn\'t think that we can\'t prove a point against Mexico," Kirby told the FA website (', u').', u'"There are 23 players in this squad and the (same) 11 won\'t start every game. Mark is going to change it up a bit, he\'s going to play certain ways to suit different opponents.', u'"We\'re looking forward to attacking against Mexico and hopefully play some really nice football and get the win," the Reading striker continued.', u'"Mark would have known for a long time what system he wants to play against Mexico. (The coaches) have been doing loads of work on all three (Group F opponents) ever since we were drawn against them.', u'"They have looked at what Mexico are good at, what Colombia are good at, what they are not so good at, what their weaknesses are, and they pick players to suit that game."', u"England's final group match is against Colombia in Montreal on June 17.", u'(Reporting By Michael Hann, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Morocco Midfielder Taarabt Leaves QPR'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Morocco midfielder Adel Taarabt has left Queen's Park Rangers after his contract was terminated by mutual consent, the English Championship (second tier) club said on Friday.", u'The controversial 26-year-old made 164 appearances, scoring 34 goals, after joining QPR in March 2009 from Tottenham Hotspur, initially on loan before completing a permanent transfer the following year.', u"In 2010/11, the Moroccan captained QPR to the Championship title and was named the division's Player of the Year after a stunning season in which he scored 19 goals and had 19 assists, helping the club return to the top flight after a 15-year absence.", u'The next season he helped QPR retain their Premier League status, scoring crucial goals in victories over Arsenal and Tottenham Hotspur, but the team were relegated last season.', u'(Writing by Ken Ferris; editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'No Return to Milan Despite Galliani Contact-Ibra'], [u"STOCKHOLM \u2014  Sweden captain Zlatan Ibrahimovic is not about to leave Paris St Germain and return to AC Milan despite his good relationship with the Italian club's CEO Adriano Galliani, he said on Friday.", u'"Rumours about Milan? It\'s the media blowing it up and talking a lot, but there\'s nothing behind it. I\'m a PSG player and I have one year left," the striker told a news conference ahead of Sweden\'s European Championship qualifier against Montenegro on Sunday.', u'"You never know what will happen in football, but at the moment it doesn\'t look like that," the 33-year-old said. "I\'m happy at PSG, we hade a magical year, we won everything we could win and made the quarter-finals of the Champions League."', u'PSG fans are unlikely to be comforted by the comments, however, as the striker said he had been in regular contact with Galliani since leaving Italy in 2012 to join PSG.', u'"We talk often. Galliani and I have been in contact since I left Milan," Ibrahimovic said. "For a while we didn\'t speak, but then we started talking again."', u"Ibrahimovic's three goals in qualifying for France 2016 have helped Sweden into second place in Group G on nine points, four behind leaders Austria and four ahead of Montenegro.", u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Brazil Can't Escape Germany Even in Chile"], [u"SANTIAGO \u2014  Brazil's players may hope to banish the memory of last year's 7-1 World Cup semi-final defeat by winning the Copa America but they got an unwelcome reminder at their hotel in Chile where the address is Germany Avenue.", u'The Brazil squad, including David Luiz and Fernandinho who played in that thrashing by eventual world champions Germany, checked in to the Dreams hotel on Avenida Alemania in Temuco on Thursday.', u'The city in southern Chile opened its doors to many German immigrants and the irony will not be lost on Brazilian fans and players who have been spent a year trying to forget their most embarrassing defeat ever.', u'Brazil play their first game against Peru on Sunday at German Becker Stadium.', u'(Writing by Andrew Downie in Sao Paulo; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'UK Body to Review Salazar, Farah Relationship'], [u'LONDON \u2014  UK Athletics will conduct a formal review into the relationship between coach Alberto Salazar and British double Olympic champion Mo Farah, the ruling body said on Friday.', u"The review, which is expected to be completed by the first week in August, comes after a BBC documentary aired last week alleged that Farah's coach Salazar and U.S. Olympic silver medalist Galen Rupp had violated anti-doping rules.", u"UK Athletics (UKA) said it will establish whether its confidence in the Oregon Project, the U.S. training camp where Farah has been based since 2011, is well founded in regard to Farah's training program and that of the UKA's Endurance Programme.", u'"This review is a serious response to the questions raised in recent days," Ed Warner, the chair of UK Athletics, said in a statement.', u'"It demonstrates to all athletics fans the importance we place on ensuring that the high performance system around Mo Farah by British Athletics is robust and of the utmost integrity.', u'"We are taking nothing for granted however, and our independent directors are charged with conducting a rigorous review of that system in a timely manner."', u"Farah, who is not accused of any wrongdoing, withdrew from last Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Birmingham a day after expressing anger over the allegations made about Salazar.", u'The 32-year-old, who won gold in the 5,000 and 10,000 meters at the 2012 London Olympics, said he was upset his name had "been dragged through the mud".', u'American Salazar, who has worked as a consultant for British Athletics since 2013, has denied the allegations, saying the BBC and U.S. website ProPublica had engaged in "inaccurate and unfounded journalism".', u'(Reporting by Michael Hann, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Krol to Take Over at Raja Casablanca'], [u'CASABLANCA \u2014  Former Dutch World Cup captain Ruud Krol was named coach of Morocco\u2019s Raja Casablanca on a two-year deal, club officials said on Friday.', u'Krol becomes the third man to take charge of the club in a matter of months. Raja fired Portuguese coach Jose Romao after failing to qualify for the group phase of the African Champions League and his successor Faouzi Benzarti went back to his native Tunisia after just three weeks in the job.', u'It is a fifth job in north Africa over the last two years for the 66-year-old Krol. In 2013 he took CS Sfaxien of Tunisia to the African Confederation Cup title and was then briefly caretaker coach of Tunisia when they lost in the World Cup qualifying play-offs to Cameroon.', u'He followed that with brief spells at Esperance in Tunisia and Al Ahli Tripoli of Libya.', u'Krol has also previously coached in Egypt and South Africa, where he won championship honours.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Johannesburg, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Triple Crown Winner American Pharoah Jogs at Churchill Downs'], [u'LOUISVILLE, Ky. \u2014  American Pharoah looked strong and fresh in his first exercise as a ', u' champion before meeting a veterinarian who has seen six of his brethren.', u"After several days of walking around Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert's Barn 33, the bay colt returned to the dirt Friday morning for a clockwise jog before reporters and adoring fans as the sun rose over Churchill Downs.", u'Like many moments throughout his triumphant run this spring, American Pharoah was calm after the work.', u'"He still looks like the picture of health," Baffert said of the horse while standing in front of plaques marking his achievement. "He\'s starting to get better, and that shows what he\'s made of. He\'s still happy and is enjoying the track."', u'American Pharoah is still basking in the afterglow of his achievement.', u'After getting his public bath before a group of camera-clicking spectators, he posed for pictures with fans young and old and relished the gentle pats and kisses on his cheek.', u"The horse's laid-back demeanor through all the oohs and ahhs certainly impressed Lexington veterinarian William McGee, 98, who recalls seeing or treating at least six Triple Crown champions in his career.", u"American Pharoah calmly walked over to McGee's wheelchair and cozied up to him for a pat on the head that confirmed McGee's belief in how special he is.", u'"His temperament is outstanding," McGee said. "Most horses just won\'t stand for the closeness of people as he did. I look for the best from him."', u"The public will get its chance to congratulate horse racing's 12th Triple Crown winner Saturday night as American Pharoah parades around the famed track before his connections receive gold and silver trophies for last month's ", u' victory.', u'His name has already been added in gold letters to a ring of fame with previous Triple Crown champions in the paddock area, and he wore a Triple Crown blanket before being led back to his stall.', u"A resident at Baffert's barn since late April, American Pharoah will leave Louisville June 18 to return to California to prepare for his next phase of competition.", u"Though the trainer said the horse will definitely compete in the Breeders' Cup Classic at Keeneland in Lexington this fall, his summer schedule is undecided.", u'"The goal is to bring him back healthy," said Baffert, joking that he wants to put the champion "in bubble wrap" to protect him.', u'"I don\'t want to get ahead of myself. I just want to see how he responds."', u"If Friday's brief jog around Churchill Downs offered any clues, American Pharoah seemed to be refreshed from the 1\xbd-mile ", u" that he won by 5\xbd lengths. He seemed to glide while going around the outside of the main track in the opposite direction of many horses and looked as if he could've gone farther if asked.", u'That will come in time for the champion, who just needed to stretch his legs again.']), ([u'Rain Thwarts India After Vijay Ton'], [u'DHAKA \u2014  Murali Vijay struck his sixth test century while Ajinkya Rahane fell agonisingly short of his hundred as India reached 462 for six after rain allowed only a little over 47 overs on day three of their one-off test against Bangladesh on Friday.', u"Torrential rain had already washed away 34 overs on day one and the entire second day's play and India lost six wickets in their bid for quick runs in two stop-start sessions before the entire third session was called off.", u'Ravichandran Ashwin (two) and Harbhajan Singh (seven) were at the crease when rained forced the players off the ground, virtually killing the prospect of any result in the match.', u'After India resumed on 239 for no loss, Shakib (4-105) and leg-spinner Jubair Hossain (2-113) took all six wickets between them as the visitors went for quick runs.', u"Shakib ended India's 283-run opening stand by dismissing Shikhar Dhawan (173) and also claimed the wickets of Vijay (150), Rohit Sharma (six) and Rahane (98).", u'Vijay steered left-arm spinner Taijul Islam for a four to bring up his sixth test hundred in the morning session but his opening partner Dhawan could not better his personal test best of 187.', u'The southpaw gave Shakib a soft return catch to depart after a 195-ball knock that included 23 boundaries.', u'Shakib struck again in his next over, uprooting the off-stump of Rohit, the only batsman with two 200-plus scores in one-dayers who continues to struggle in tests.', u'India skipper Virat Kohli (14) was slightly unlucky as his fluffed drive resulted in an inside edge which hit his pad before rolling onto the stumps to knock off the bail.', u"Vijay and Rahane, however, had little problem negotiating the hosts' limited bowling resources and they added 114 runs for the fourth wicket.", u'Vijay was trapped leg-before by Shakib after a 272-ball knock that included 12 boundaries and the only six of the Indian innings.', u'Rahane fell two runs short of what could have been his fourth test hundred, playing aggressively and hitting Shakib for back-to-back boundaries before losing his off-stump to the next ball while attempting a pull shot.', u'(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Del Bosque Urges Spanish Unity Before Belarus Game'], [u'MADRID \u2014  Spain coach Vicente del Bosque has called for "unity" before Sunday\'s Euro 2016 qualifier in Belarus after defender Gerard Pique was given a hostile reception by some La Roja fans in Leon this week.', u'Pique, who plays for treble-winning Catalan club Barcelona, angered Spain supporters who are also fans of Real Madrid by mocking Real forward Cristiano Ronaldo after Barca won the Champions League final last weekend.', u'Pique was whistled before and during Thursday\'s 2-1 friendly win over Costa Rica, prompting Del Bosque to leap to his defence and scold local media for what he said was fuelling "violence and hatred" between Spanish regions.', u'"I don\'t think what happened is right," Del Bosque told a news conference.', u'"Whistling one player is the same as whistling the whole team," he added.', u'"It leaves me with a very bad taste. The most important thing is that we are united."', u"Pique's treatment has its origins in the historic tension between Madrid, which represents central government, and Barcelona, where many are strongly in favour of independence from Spain.", u"Along with many Barca players who are also proud Catalans, like Xavi, Carles Puyol, Cesc Fabregas and Sergio Busquets, Pique has been a key part of Spain's recent success, helping them to a debut World Cup triumph in South Africa in 2010 and a second straight European Championship two years later.", u'They will be bidding for a third consecutive continental title at the tournament in France next year.', u'With five matches played, Spain are second in qualification Group C on 12 points ahead of their trip to Borisov, three behind leaders Slovakia, who beat them 2-1 in Zilina in October.', u'Ukraine are third on nine points and Belarus fourth on four, with Macedonia (3) and Luxembourg (1) in fifth and sixth.', u'The top two teams qualify directly, as well as the best third-placed side.', u'Belarus coach Alexander Khatskevich admits Spain are far superior but is hoping hard work will help the eastern Europeans exploit some of their weaknesses.', u'"I will accept any result as long as there are no half-hearted players in the team," Khatskevich was quoted as saying on ', u' on Friday.', u'"Of course Spain are better than us in every aspect but we can fight them with our team game and try to exploit their weaknesses," he added. "And they have those weaknesses, trust me."', u'(Additional reporting by Dmitriy Rogovitskiy, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Bourdy Shoots 67 to Extend Lead to 4 Strokes at Lyoness Open'], [u'ATZENBRUGG, Austria \u2014  Gregory Bourdy widened his lead at the Lyoness Open Friday by shooting a 5-under 67 to go four strokes clear of fellow Frenchman Gary Stal and Chris Wood of England.', u"Bourdy, seeking his fifth European Tour title, followed up his 65 from Thursday with five birdies on his front nine before dropping his first stroke of the week. He's at 12-under 132 at the midway stage.", u'Stal carded five birdies on his way to a 68, while Woods had two bogeys on the front nine to go with five birdies for a 69.', u'Spanish pair Carlos Pigem and Rafa Cabrera-Bello shared fourth, another stroke off the lead.', u'Former champion Bernd Wiesberger, at No. 37 the highest-ranked player in the field, shot a 67 but missed the cut following his 79 from the first day.', u"Last year's winner Mikael Lundberg of Sweden shot a 70 to trail leader Bourdy by 10 strokes.", u'Earlier Friday, Andrey Pavlov needed 17 strokes on a single hole in excellent weather conditions, tying for the second worse score on the European Tour.', u'On the par-5 first, the 28-year-old Russian found the water on six attempts. The Diamond Country Club course is known for its many water hazards.', u"Chris Gane also scored a 17 at Gleneagles 12 years ago, still three strokes less than Philippe Porquier's record of 20 at the ", u' in 1978.', u'After entering the event on invitation, the 1,598th-ranked Pavlov opened with a 71 and looked set to make his first cut on the European Tour before finishing at 17 over.']), ([u'Ratchanok Leads Thai Women to Badminton Glory'], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  Thailand's Ratchanok Intanon made a successful cameo appearance at the Southeast Asian Games on Friday, the world number five leading from the front in her country's crushing 3-0 victory over Malaysia in the women's team badminton final.", u'The power-packed Thai team won all their matches in straight sets, reclaiming a title they last won in 2011 with two rubbers to spare in a win that was never in doubt once Ratchanok scored the first of the three points needed for victory.', u"The 2013 world champion is in a rich vein of form coming into an important part of the badminton season and on Friday's evidence the 20-year-old will be a major contender to secure a second global title in Jakarta later this year.", u"A few hours later, Indonesia's men rallied to deny Thailand a team double when Ihsan Maulana Mustofa fought back from a game down to edge out Suppanyu Avihingsanon 20\u201322 21\u201316 21\u20139 to secure a 3-2 victory for the region's dominant badminton force.", u"Ratchanok arrived in Singapore fresh from a Super Series victory in the Indonesian capital and picked up where she left off with a comfortable 21-13 21-14 victory over Malaysia's Lim Yin Fun in front of a packed Indoor Stadium crowd.", u'The Thai started slowly but was in exhibition mode by the second game, showing off a full array of shots from all angles, dominating her 20-year-old opponent with deft backhands at the net and some devastating smashes as she pulled clear.', u'Ratchanok had shown very little emotion throughout the contest but let out a yelp of delight when she finally got over the line after frittering away three match points as Lim offered some late resistance.', u'"I didn\'t start to well as I felt my opponent was free of pressure and able to make her shots," Ratchanok, who is not playing in the singles event, told Reuters.', u'"I improved once I settled down and it was nice to get the first win for the team in front of a lot of Thai supporters."', u'CHIPPED AWAY', u'Puttita Supajirakul and Sapsiree Taerattanachai then teamed up to put Thailand on the brink of the gold with a stirring 22-20 21-18 victory over Amelia Alicia Anscelly and Soong Fie Cho in a hard-fought doubles encounter.', u'The Thai pair are ranked 13th in the world, 13 places above their opponents, and needed to dig deep into their reserves to rally from behind in the first game and overcome a worrying deficit in the second.', u'Trailing 6-1, Puttita needed some lengthy on-court treatment when she landed heavily on her right knee after slipping as she attempted to retrieve a drop shot.', u'Slowly but surely the Thais chipped away at the deficit, eventually silencing a noisy Malaysian contingent in the stands when they earned four match points, securing victory on the third of them when Anscelly netted tamely after a long rally.', u'The stage was then set for Busanan Ongbumrungpan to finish off the job and the 19-year-old world number 18 duly obliged with a straightforward 21-8 21-15 victory over Ho Yen Mei in the second singles.', u'The Malaysian tried hard but was simply outclassed by a woman ranked more than 100 places above her, leaving Busanan to be mobbed by her delighted team mates when she forced Ho into a backhand error on match point.', u'The Thai men won the first two singles matches through Tanongsak Saensomboonsuk and Boonsak Ponsana, only to be pegged back each time in the doubles, before Mustofa roared to victory in the decider to set off wild celebrations on the centre of the court.', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty and Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Lady Gaga Surprise Guest at Games Opening Ceremony'], [u"BAKU \u2014  Pop star Lady Gaga sang John Lennon's 'Imagine' sitting at a flower-covered piano as the inaugural European Games got off to a glamorous start in the Azeri capital with a dazzling opening ceremony on Friday.", u'The American six-time ', u" winner was a surprise addition to the ceremony, aimed at setting the stage for 16 days of competition in the continent's first multi-sports event which Azerbaijan hopes will put it firmly on the global sports map.", u'In a two-hour curtain-raiser produced by Dimitris Papaioannou, who was in charge of the Athens 2004 Olympics ceremonies, the history of the nation on the shores of the Caspian sea unfurled in a kaleidoscope of colours and sounds.', u'"This is the proudest moment in the history of the European Olympic Committees," EOC President Patrick Hickey, whose organisation awarded the Games to Baku in 2012, said in a brief speech.', u'"We are creating a landmark moment in European sport. Tonight we add the missing fifth ring to the continental Games of the world."', u'The 6,000 athletes entered the stadium with Azeri President Ilham Aliyev watching from the stands, along with Russian President Vladimir Putin, sitting next to International Olympic Committee President Thomas Bach, and 35 other heads of state.', u'A wide security cordon was thrown around the stadium and the surrounding area hours before the ceremony started.', u'The energy-rich nation has spent well over a billion dollars to stage its biggest sports extravaganza to date, building several venues from scratch for the 16-day competition.', u'ARMENIA BOOED', u'The Games, featuring 50 nations, have, however failed to attract the biggest track and field athletes and swimmers. Instead, lower-ranked competitors will take part in two of the most popular sports in the Olympic world.', u'The second edition in 2019 is also up in the air after Netherlands withdraw from hosting it two days ago and less than a month after being awarded the event citing the cost.', u'Kosovo, only recently admitted to the Olympic family, made its maiden appearance at an international multi-sports event but there were loud boos and jeers when the Armenian team entered the Olympic stadium.', u'The two countries are at odds over the Nagorno-Karabakh region and as recently as April several soldiers from both sides were killed and more were injured.', u"Armenia's Olympic committee chief has not travelled to Baku while the country's participation in the Games was only possible after the intervention of Bach last year.", u'Azerbaijan, whose government has banned officials from human rights organisations as well as some media from entering the country, is facing accusations of consistent human rights violations in the run-up to the Games.', u'Ruled by the Aliyev family since 1993, Azerbaijan has rejected the accusations saying they were an effort by "some western circles to politicize the Games."', u'While the opening ceremony offered organisers a brief respite from these questions, they are set to return when the competition starts in earnest on Saturday.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"FIFA Dismayed as Interpol Suspends 20 Million Euro 'Integrity' Pact"], [u'PARIS \u2014  World soccer\'s governing body, FIFA, expressed dismay on Friday after Interpol suspended a 20 million euro ($22 million) arrangement on fighting corruption, adding to what a former insider in both organizations called FIFA\'s "escalating isolation".', u'The international police body said it would stop using funds it gets from FIFA for the "Integrity in Sport" program in light of the investigations into corruption surrounding FIFA.', u'"All external partners, whether public or private, must share the fundamental values and principles of the organization, as well as those of the wider law enforcement community," said Juergen Stock, Interpol\'s secretary general.', u"FIFA agreed in 2011 to give Interpol 20 million euros to fund a 10-year program to tackle match-rigging and illegal gambling, Interpol's biggest single contribution from any private partner.", u'It said in a statement that it was "disappointed to learn of the decision", adding that the program "has been a key part of addressing the transnational problem of match fixing".', u'FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation last week as U.S. and Swiss authorities widened their investigations into bribery and corruption at the Swiss-based organization.', u'Former Interpol officer Chris Eaton, who also served as FIFA\'s head of security, told Reuters that Interpol\'s move "further exacerbates FIFA\'s \'unclean\' image and its escalating isolation".', u'"The real damage ... is the wider perception that conflicted organizations are now deserting FIFA," he said.', u'Eaton added that the agreement provided only for Interpol to deliver anti-corruption training and advice to FIFA, especially in the fight against match-fixing, but no operational information or intelligence.', u'An Interpol spokeswoman said the program had other funding, and would continue.', u'She said the FIFA money had been spent on education and prevention measures. Under the agreement, 4 million euros were to be spent in each of the first two years of the project, and 1.5 million each year thereafter.', u"Interpol's total budget is 80 million euros a year, according to its website.", u'(Editing by Ossian Shine and Kevin Liffey)']), ([u'Liverpool Sign Goalkeeper Bogdan From Bolton'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Liverpool have signed Bolton Wanderers goalkeeper Adam Bogdan on a free transfer, the Premier League club said on Friday.', u"The 27-year-old Hungary international is out of contract at Championship side Bolton and will join Brendan Rodgers's side on July 1, Liverpool said on their website.", u"Bogdan becomes Liverpool's third signing of the close season following the arrivals of midfielder James Milner from Manchester City and Burnley striker Danny Ings.", u'Liverpool boss Rodgers has been looking for a goalkeeper to compete with Simon Mignolet after second choice Brad Jones was released following the expiry of his contract.', u'(Reporting By Michael Hann; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Tug of War, Bridge Among 26 Sports Bidding for Tokyo Spot'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Tug of war, sumo wrestling, surfing and frisbee throwing are among 26 sports leading the charge for an Olympic place after Games officials opened the door for new attractions at the 2020 Tokyo Games.', u'The 26, which also include korfball, billiards, orienteering, bridge and chess, have applied for inclusion in the Games, Tokyo organizers said on Friday.', u'Baseball and softball, united under the World Baseball Softball Confederation (WBSC), were also on the list and will be strong favorites to return to the Olympics for the first time since Asia last hosted the Games in Beijing in 2008.', u'As part of reforms initiated by International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach last year, Games hosts have the chance to bring in one or more sports popular in their country to boost ratings and attract greater sponsorship.', u'As well as baseball and softball, the martial art of karate and sumo wrestling would perhaps best fulfill the criteria of local popularity, although the latter has limited international appeal.', u'Yoshiro Mori, head of the organizing committee, told the news conference that while the IOC had not given them any concrete guidelines on which sports should be included, Bach had put heavy emphasis on "sports that appeal to youth".', u'Mori acknowledged that this was important but also noted that there were sports on the list which were not well-known or especially popular in Japan, which means new venues might have to be constructed to host them.', u'"There are sports on this list that are not done in Japan, and we can\'t spend a lot of money on venues for these," he said.', u'Organizing committee chief executive Toshiro Muto echoed Mori in being leery of any extra venue construction and said a panel would rank the sports and produce a shortlist on June 22.', u'International federations will make presentations in Tokyo in early August and the organizing committee will then submit their final proposal to the IOC.', u'Tug of war, which was contested at every summer Olympics from 1900 to 1920, is perhaps unlikely to feature on the shortlist but if it did make a remarkable return, Britain would defend the title it won at the Antwerp Olympics.', u'(Writing by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"LeBron Has 'Slight Headache' After Collision With Camera"], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James needed stitches to close a bloody cut on his head after a hard collision with a courtside camera during Game Four of the NBA Finals on Thursday.', u'James went head first into a camera along the baseline after a hard foul by Golden State Warriors center Andrew Bogut caused him to lose his balance.', u'The four-times Most Valuable Player and two-time NBA champion remained down for a few minutes but did not miss any game time and did not undergo any concussion protocol.', u'"I had a slight headache, which I think every one of you guy would probably have if you ran into a camera," James told reporters when asked about the incident.', u'"But I didn\'t go through any protocol. I\'m fine. Like I said, I got a few stitches and I got a slight headache right now but I\'ll be fine with that."', u'While James remained in the game, he went on to have his worst offensive night of the best-of-seven series, which is now tied at 2-2 with Game Five scheduled for Sunday in Oakland.', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Brooks Koepka Shoots 3-Under 67 for 36-Hole Lead at St. Jude'], [u'MEMPHIS, Tenn. \u2014  Brooks Koepka is tuning up quite nicely for the ', u' at the event he added at the deadline.', u'Koepka, who had a share of the lead after the first round, shot a 3-under 67 Friday to lead the St. Jude Classic by a stroke after 36 holes. He turned in a four birdie-one bogey round for a 9-under 131.', u'"Playing solid golf, no mistakes, being very patient, waiting for my opportunities to come," Koepka said. "And when they have come, I\'ve kind of taken advantage of them, but I still feel like I could be about 5, 6 under par ... Really haven\'t been firing on all cylinders, but good enough to be at the top."', u"Austin Cook (64) was at 132. The Arkansas native is playing his tour event after getting a sponsor's exemption.", u'"There\'s a lot of people here, and I\'m sure lot more buying tickets right now to come tomorrow," Cook said after matching the best round.', u'TPC Southwind played firmer with temperatures in the 90s drying out the course, and that has greens playing faster along with some tricky pin placements Friday.', u'Koepka hit 14 of 18 greens for a second straight round and needed 28 putts Friday. The Floridian who won his first career title in February in Phoenix likes his chances going into the weekend as he tries to join Rory McIlroy, Jordan Spieth and Jimmy Walker as multiple winners on tour this season.', u'"I haven\'t blitzed the golf course yet," Koepka said. "You can shoot 8, 9 under in a round out here. I feel like the greens are so good, you put the ball in the fairway you really take it 8, 9 under. Being in the lead is nice, but would have liked to have been a few more under par."', u'Steve Alker briefly had the lead at 10 under with two holes to play only to finish bogey-double bogey. He had a 68-133 total and needed only 23 putts Friday as he got to 10 under with his sixth birdie of the round.', u'Alker said he picked the wrong club on the par-3 No. 8 where his tee shot landed short of the green leading to his second bogey of the round. Then he put his first three shots on No. 9 \u2014 his 18th hole \u2014 in the rough leading to double bogey.', u"The New Zealand native who now lives in Arizona said he wasn't aware he was the first to 10 under at TPC Southwind.", u'"It\'s a good thing it\'s not Sunday and finish two behind that would be bad," Alker said. "You have to look at the positives and say, \'I\'ve got two days left.\' I\'ve been swinging it pretty good and still learning the putter, so there\'s a lot of good things going on."', u'Chris Smith (67), Russell Knox (64) and Greg Owen (70) were among seven tied at 134. Ryan Palmer (71) shared the first-round lead with Koepka and Owen and was tied with three others at 135.', u'At one point Friday, as many as five were tied atop the leaderboard with eight having a piece of the lead at some point.', u'Koepka was tied with four others when he teed off in the afternoon and promptly birdied his opening hole to take the lead to himself. Koepka, who played at Florida State and joined the PGA Tour last year, took the lead back with consecutive birdies on Nos. 15 and 16.', u'He called his birdie on the par-5 16th a bit embarrassing after his attempted chip for eagle missed by 3 feet.', u'Phil Mickelson was tied with seven others at 137 after a 69. He spent some time on the range before his afternoon tee time, which helped him hit better shots both off the tee and with his irons. Mickelson said pin placements kept him from attacking the greens, but he agrees that this course can give up even a 7-under round to anyone making birdies.', u'"The swing is starting to feel a lot better," Mickelson said. "I feel a lot more confident on where the ball is going to go, and so hopefully I\'ll be able to put it together tomorrow and have a good round and get in contention."', u'Divots: Steven Bowditch and Retief Goosen were among those missing the cut at 1 over with 76 playing the weekend. ... David Hearn had his hole-in-one on tour on No. 4 with a 6-iron from 185 yards, and Hudson Swafford had an ace on No. 14 with a 9-iron from 169 yards. Hearn said this was his eighth overall and first since holing out on No. 8 here in a practice round with the same club. ... Kevin Chappell tied the course record with a 29 on the back nine with six birdies. He finished with a 64-135.']), ([u"Kawamata, Kiyotake to Miss Japan's Qualifier v Singapore"], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan will be without the injured duo of Kengo Kawamata and Hiroshi Kiyotake in Tuesday's World Cup qualifier against Singapore, local media reported on Friday.", u'Nagoya Grampus striker Kawamata has pulled out with a bruised thigh after sustaining the injury in a J-League clash last weekend, Kyodo news agency reported.', u'Hannover have announced their midfielder Kiyotake will undergo a surgery to repair a broken right metatarsal which rules him out of action for several weeks.', u'"It is real shame that I have to leave the team now," Kiyotake said in a statement issued by Japan Football Association (JFA).', u'Japan, who beat Iraq 4-0 in a friendly on Thursday, begin their qualifying campaign in the second round with the Group E match against Singapore in Saitama.', u'(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Organizers Hope Tokyo Stadium Final Design Will Be Ready in July'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  The final design for Tokyo's new National Stadium, the centerpiece of the 2020 Summer Olympic games, is currently expected at the start of July but could be delayed, Japanese officials said on Friday.", u'But they said the stadium would definitely be finished in time for the Rugby World Cup in 2019 and that Tokyo has no intention of scrapping the current design and starting again from scratch, as some critics have suggested.', u'Construction of the new National Stadium has run into numerous problems, including skyrocketing costs and demolition delays that have prompted speculation it might not be finished in time, as well as feuding over who will pay what for it.', u'Education Minister Hakubun Shimomura, who also holds the sports portfolio, said Japan was consulting with the company of architect Zaha Hadid on a design aimed at cutting costs, with the final decision and contract expected at the start of July.', u'Though the Olympics are not until July 2020, the stadium is also set to be used for the 2019 Rugby World Cup, which begins almost a year earlier. Hadid designed the aquatics center for the London 2012 Summer Olympics.', u'"At this point we expect that a contract will be concluded at the start of July, but we\'re still exploring cost cuts and revisions, and if a better plan emerges later the contract could also slip to later," Shimomura told a news conference.', u'"The absolute priority is that the stadium must be finished by the spring of 2019, and then that costs be cut."', u'From the start, the stadium has been sharply criticized for its size and design, which critics, including international prize-winning architects, say is unsuited to the downtown Tokyo neighborhood where it will be built.', u'Soaring costs have also prompted several downsizing proposals, including postponing the installation of a retractable roof until after the Games and making a number of stadium seats temporary.', u"A recent Japanese media report even suggested that Tokyo might look into breaking the current contract and starting again if things don't work out.", u'The problems have drawn the attention of International Olympics Committee (IOC) President Thomas Bach, who said on Monday that he wanted Japan to settle plans soon.', u'NOT STARTING OVER', u'Yoshiro Mori, head of the Tokyo 2020 organizing committee, said at a news conference that Shimomura assured him that Japan has no intention of starting over on the stadium design.', u'"It would be even more delayed, and this would draw international criticism too," Mori said on Friday.', u'"So the design will be respected but costs will be cut as much as possible, and it will definitely be finished by 2019, before the Rugby World Cup. That\'s what he said, and I told him to carry on."', u'In May, Tokyo governor Yoichi Masuzoe lashed out at being asked to foot $400 million of the stadium cost without further details of plans and how the money will be spent, calling the expense "ridiculous." The Games were won under his predecessor, who was forced to quit due to a bribery scandal.', u'Masuzoe and Shimomura remain at odds over the issue, and Shimomura said on Friday that until the plans are finalised, he can give Masuzoe no final cost estimates.', u'Toshiro Muto, CEO of the Tokyo 2020 organizing committee, said that recent venue changes, approved by the IOC earlier this week, have cut some 170 billion yen ($1.38 billion) of overall expenses for the games. Mori added that still more budget cuts had been made previously.', u'"Bidding for the Olympics was something that Tokyo pushed for, as was advancing that bid. The governors have changed, that is true, but the bid and accepting the games has not," he said.', u'"This is certainly something that Masuzoe knew when he ran for governor and won election."', u'($1 = 123.5300 yen)', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Dreams Come True for Belarus Swimmers at European Games'], [u'BAKU \u2014  Dominika Tsyplakova had dreamt she was the first ever competitor at the inaugural European Games and on Friday her wish was granted when she and best friend Hanna Shulhina took to the pool as the first synchronised swimming pair.', u'Her sport kicked off hours before the opening ceremony with the free routine preliminary round and they were drawn to start first.', u'"I slept well and had this dream," said Czech-born Tsyplakova. "I imagined it would happen and yet when the draw was made on Thursday, we felt a bit nervous about it.', u'"But about an hour later, we thought, \'we\'re going to be the very first competitors in the first Games\'. That\'s when it sank in. Then we thought, \'wow\'. We\'re really proud."', u'But her dreams did not stop there with the 17-year-old waking up on Friday, having dreamt of make-up failure, as crucial as the routine for the swimmers, before her performance.', u'"I had a dream that there was a problem with my make-up and that it was messed up before the competition," she said.', u'"When I got to the competition, there was a mess with my lipstick and we had to find some wet towels to clear up the problem. So my dream came true again."', u'But the dream of a medal is unlikely to become reality, said her partner Shulhina.', u'"Everything is possible -- but not at these Games," Shulhina said when asked about their medal hopes.', u'The European Games have competitions in 20 sports, 16 of which are Olympic, and run to June 28.', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Cabaye Wants to Leave PSG, Eyes Premier League Return'], [u'(Reuters) - Yohan Cabaye wants to leave Paris St Germain to help his chances of playing the Euro 2016 finals on home soil, the France midfielder said on Friday.', u'Asked by French sports daily L\'Equipe if he was considering staying at PSG where he has only started 13 Ligue 1 games this season, the former Newcastle United played said: "Not really.  I know that if I stay, whatever I\'ll do, nothing will change."', u'Cabaye joined from Newcastle in 2013 but he has failed to settle in at PSG, where Italians Marco Verratti and Thiago Motta or fellow Frenchman Blaise Matuidi is often preferred over him.', u'Cabaye is now looking to return to the Premier League.', u'"If there is an opportunity to go back to England, I hope everyone will be smart enough to do things well. But there could be other destinations," he said.', u'Cabaye features in the France squad, who were beaten by Belgium 4-3 at the Stade de France in a friendly last Sunday, and travel to Albania on Saturday.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Iguodala Delivers Clutch Performance in Rare Warriors Start'], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  Getting his first start of the season on the game's biggest stage, Golden State Warriors forward Andre Iguodala delivered a standout performance that may ultimately prove to be the turning point in the NBA Finals.", u'After losing consecutive games to the Cleveland Cavaliers, the Warriors were looking for a spark on Thursday that would send them home with the best-of-seven series tied at 2-2 rather than facing elimination.', u'That spark came in the form of a 31-year-old veteran, who not only delivered his best offensive performance of the season in the 103-82 win but also contained Cavs forward LeBron James, the best player of his generation.', u'"We needed to shift the tempo, and that\'s why we did it," Kerr said about the decision to start Iguodala in place of Andrew Bogut. "And who knew if it was going to work out or not? but it went our way tonight."', u'Iguodala had averaged 12.3 points off the bench over the first three games of the series but dug deep when it mattered most, given that none of the 32 teams who have fallen behind 3-1 in the NBA Finals have come back to win the series.', u'Known more for his defense, Iguodala coolly drained four three-pointers en route to a season-high 22 points in 39 minutes for the top-seeded Warriors.', u'James has been carrying Cleveland and averaged 41 points over the first three games of the series but had a tough time against Iguodala, managing just 20 points on 7-of-22 shooting.', u'Iguodala was open about his strategy for defending James.', u'"Make him work as hard as possible. Make him take tough shots," said Iguodala. "You look at his strengths, his weaknesses, which way he wants to go, which way he prefers to play, and you try to take him out of his comfort zone."', u'After having his minutes limited all season long, Iguodala looked like the most energetic player on the court all night. His performance drew high praise from team mate and reigning league Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry.', u'"He pretty much embodies what he just talked about, always being ready," said Curry. "I think he likes the challenge of his match-up, and especially in this series and throughout the course of the season.', u'"Or each game, no matter what he\'s asked to do, being ready to bring it. Confidence in knocking down shots when he\'s open, making plays."', u'(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Bloodied and Beaten, LeBron Has Off Night in Game 4 Loss'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James was bloodied and later beaten.', u'When he pulled on his warmup jersey to signal the end of his night, there were still about three minutes remaining.', u'He had nothing going in the fourth quarter, anyway.', u'James was shut out in the period and slowed for the first time in the NBA Finals, as Golden State beat the Cleveland Cavaliers 103-82 on Thursday to even the series 2-2.', u'"They\'re playing seven guys, sometimes eight, but the majority of the time they\'re playing seven guys, and LeBron is having to shoulder a lot of the load," Golden State\'s Draymond Green said.', u'"So you just want to continue to try to wear them down, wear them down, and we were able to do that tonight."', u'James finished with 20 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists, good numbers but nowhere near the impact he had been making on the series. In fact, he finished with less than half the 41 points he was averaging in what had been one of the best finals performances in history.', u"But he couldn't keep it up while playing 41 minutes and looking tired. He shot 7 for 22 from the field and rested his hands on his hips multiple times in the fourth quarter, when he took only two shots.", u'"They doubled me a little bit more tonight," James said. "They kind of made me give the ball up, seeing if some of my teammates can beat those guys."', u'James was trying to catch a quick rest to start the fourth quarter and the game got away from the Cavs while he did. They made the first two baskets while he sat to push the lead back to double digits after Cleveland had been within three points in the final minute of the third, and it turned into a blowout shortly after he returned.', u'"I was hoping my team could just buy me a couple minutes," James said. "We weren\'t able to do that tonight in the fourth quarter and, I mean, it\'s difficult. You want to be out there, but also you don\'t want to be. You want to be effective while you\'re out there, too. So they made a huge run and we just couldn\'t regather after that."', u'Coach David Blatt said he needed to be able to give James rest at some point.', u'"If I don\'t, I\'m really going to put him under more duress than he already is," Blatt said. "When he is out, everyone else has got to step up and give a little bit more."', u"James had been hurt earlier when he was fouled along the baseline by Andrew Bogut. He tumbled out of bounds and he crashed into a photographer's camera, opening a cut in the back of his head. He remained down for a couple of minutes before getting up and holding a towel over the cut. He stayed in the game and made one of the free throws and said after the game he had gotten stitches.", u'"I was just trying to regain my composure and I was holding my head," James said. "It was hurting. I was just hoping I wasn\'t bleeding. But obviously the camera cut me pretty bad. Our medical staff did a great job of stopping the bleeding."', u"James wasn't the only one who looked weary. Matthew Dellavedova, who needed treatment at the hospital for dehydration after scoring a postseason career-high 20 in Game 3, had just 10 points on 3-of-14 shooting. He looked like he could have used his usual pregame coffee that he gave up Thursday to remain hydrated.", u'"He played his heart out, like he always does. He\'ll tell you differently," Blatt said. "I don\'t think he was a hundred percent, but he gave us a hundred percent of what he had."', u"The point guard went to the bench early in the second half to get his legs massaged and didn't do much from there as Stephen Curry scored 22 points.", u'The Cavs have lost home-court advantage but at least have two days to rest before Game 5 on Sunday at Oracle Arena.', u'Right now, rest looks like what James needs most.']), ([u'Warriors Top Cavaliers, Take Command of NBA Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The top-seeded Golden State Warriors rediscovered their scoring touch and tied the NBA Finals at 2-2 with a momentum-stealing 103-83 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers on Thursday in Game Four.', u'NBA Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry, and Andre Iguodala each had 22 points for Golden State as the Warriors breathed new life into their title hopes by avoiding their first three-game skid of the season.', u'"We controlled the tempo and rhythm of the game," said Warriors coach Steve Kerr. "It\'s not just about playing hard. It\'s about playing every single possession like it\'s your last.', u'"And I thought tonight our effort took a step up and that\'s why we were able to win."', u"Cleveland's Timofey Mozgov had a game-high 28 points while LeBron James, who went down hard in the second quarter after slamming his head on a camera, finished with 20 points on 7-of-22 shooting.", u'Game Five is scheduled for Sunday in Oakland.', u'Like the last two games, the Warriors stumbled out of the gate, falling behind 7-0 in the first three minutes before taking an early timeout to regroup. From there, the Warriors found their rhythm.', u'Curry helped cut the deficit with a pair of three pointers and Golden State closed the quarter with an impressive 14-4 run to build a 31-24 lead that set the tone the rest of the way.', u'The Warriors, showing glimpses of the run-and-gun offense that was absent for much of the last two games, kept their foot on the gas during the second quarter where they built a 15-point lead with about four minutes to go before the break.', u'Cleveland then got a scare when James, the best player of his generation, hit his head on a camera along the baseline after a foul by Andrew Bogut caused him to lose his balance.', u'James, who suffered a cut to his head on the play, stayed down for a while as the home crowd went silent but remained in the game.', u'"I was just trying to regain my composure, and I was holding my head. It was hurting," said James, who missed three of his next four free throws after the incident. "I was just hoping I wasn\'t bleeding. But obviously the camera cut me pretty bad."', u'Iguodala made the most out of his first start of the campaign with his best offensive performance of the season along with eight rebounds and a solid job defending James.', u'Trailing by 12 to start the half, Cleveland got to within three points when James emphatically threw down an impressive alley-oop dunk on a pass from Matthew Dellavedova to cap a 12-2 Cavs run with five minutes to play in the third.', u'But the Warriors, playing with a sense of desperation, were never tested the rest of the way as they cruised through the fourth quarter and had many fans heading to the exits with five minutes left in the game.', u'The performance could not have come at a better time for the Warriors as none of the 32 teams who have fallen behind 3-1 in the NBA Finals have come back to win the series.', u'"Tonight we came in with the mentality that, obviously, like we were saying, we had to win this game," Curry told reporters. "It was about effort and consistent effort every possession."', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom/Sudipto Ganguly/Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'N.B.A. Finals: Golden State Warriors Get Mad and Pull Even With Cleveland Cavaliers'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Before they arrived at Quicken Loans Arena on Thursday night, the Golden State Warriors spent roughly 45 hours stewing over their predicament in the N.B.A. finals. Choose an adjective, any adjective: upset, frustrated, angry or perhaps several others not suitable for print.', u'The Warriors were mad, and Andre Iguodala went so far as to express displeasure that he even had to show up at the arena on Wednesday for news media responsibilities.', u'When they took the court against the ', u' for Game 4, the Warriors looked determined to even things up by playing with greater energy. But they also leaned heavily on tactics, opting for speed over size in hopes of jarring the series loose from its languid pace.', u'Iguodala, who started for the first time all season, had a lot to do with that. The game was not always pretty \u2014 these two teams are grappling for space on every possession \u2014 but the Warriors unearthed more than enough offense for a 103-82 victory, tying the series at two games each. Game 5 will be in Oakland, Calif., on Sunday.', u'\u201cWe needed a change,\u201d said Steve Kerr, the coach of the Warriors. \u201cWe needed to shift the tempo, and that\u2019s why we did it.\u201d', u'Iguodala, the team\u2019s best player in the series, according to Kerr, infused Golden State with energy and quickness, finishing with 22 points and 8 rebounds. Stephen Curry also had 22 points for the Warriors, who shot 46.8 percent from the field and played smothering defense. The Cavaliers were 4 of 27 from the 3-point line.', u'\u201cWe didn\u2019t make shots,\u201d said David Blatt, the coach of the Cavaliers.', u'Fans began to funnel toward the exits midway through the fourth quarter, a deflating outcome with the Cavaliers still two wins from their first championship.', u', who had been so ', u' for Cleveland through the first three games of the series, finished with 20 points on 7-of-22 shooting. Defended by Iguodala for much of the game, James hit the floor more than once, with varying degrees of severity.', u'\u201cYou just try to take him out of his comfort zone,\u201d Iguodala said. \u201cIt sounds easier said than done.\u201d', u'The Cavaliers were trailing by 12 when the Warriors\u2019 Andrew Bogut fouled James on a baseline drive. After tumbling headfirst into a large camera along the baseline, James remained on the court, cradling his bleeding head as teammates gathered around him. He remained in the game, not that his night improved much.', u'\u201cI was just trying to regain my composure,\u201d James said. \u201cI was just hoping I wasn\u2019t bleeding, but obviously the camera cut me pretty bad.\u201d', u'Without the injured Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love to help ease his scoring burden, James was again left to try to do the superhuman for Cleveland. But his familiar burst was lacking, Matthew Dellavedova and J. R. Smith combined to shoot 5 of 26, and the team\u2019s game operations staff seemed to sense doom before halftime.', u'\u201cWe have no reason to panic whatsoever!\u201d came the cry over the arena\u2019s speakers.', u'Except they did. The series has turned into a psychological test.', u'\u201cMy brain is fried,\u201d Iguodala said.', u'After trailing by as many as 15 points in the first half, the Cavaliers rallied at the start of the third quarter behind Dellavedova, who hit two 3-pointers. Later, James scored consecutive baskets \u2014 a layup and a soaring alley-oop dunk after a turnover by the Warriors \u2014 to trim Golden State\u2019s lead to 65-62.', u'James kept shedding defenders, one after another, searching for the rim. He scored on a putback that cut the Cavaliers\u2019 deficit to 4 late in the third.', u'But Draymond Green opened the fourth with a fast-break dunk, and Curry soon fed Klay Thompson for a layup and a 10-point lead. Iguodala put the Warriors ahead by 16 with a 3-pointer, and the Cavaliers were out of answers. Blatt cited fatigue as a factor.', u'\u201cTonight was the third game in five days, including the trip back from the West Coast,\u201d he said. \u201cIt seemed to have an impact.\u201d', u'James said, \u201cI ran through those 12 minutes in the third and just gassed out.\u201d', u'The Warriors were coming off dismal efforts in ', u' and ', u', their offense stymied as James slowed the pace of each game. The fact that both games were decided in the final seconds was cause for some optimism given the Warriors\u2019 dire circumstances.', u'Kerr knew he needed to make adjustments in Game 4. Despite saying about an hour before the game that his starting lineup would remain the same \u2014 \u201cI lied,\u201d he clarified later \u2014 he opted for Iguodala to replace the struggling Bogut. Green shifted to center from power forward.', u'It was an unusual move. Iguodala had been a regular off the bench, and the absence of Bogut left the lane open for James to penetrate. But this was a gamble that Kerr was willing to take. He would sacrifice rim protection for more flow \u2014 or at least some flow \u2014 on the offensive end.', u'\u201cWe had five guys out there that can run pretty fast,\u201d Kerr said.', u'It did not go so well at the start. The Cavaliers grabbed five of the game\u2019s first six rebounds and ran out to a 7-0 lead before Kerr called his first timeout. But he stuck with the lineup, clearly hoping his players could weather the storm \u2014 and they did, running out in transition and finding open shots from the perimeter.', u'Harrison Barnes, after shooting 0 for 8 in Game 3, made two shots in the opening eight minutes of Game 4. Thompson later buried a jumper for a 22-20 lead.', u'Kerr quickly made another move, summoning David Lee from the bench \u2014 yes, the same David Lee who did not play a single minute in the first two games of the series. But he had led the Warriors late in Game 3 by setting screens and clearing space for Curry.', u'Kerr wanted more of the same in Game 4, and sure enough, the Warriors\u2019 lead began to swell. Lee escaped for a backdoor layup. Thompson made a 3-pointer. Shaun Livingston hit a turnaround jumper, and the Warriors went ahead by 54-42 at halftime, fully prepared to spend another two quarters grinding out a win.', u'\u201cWe understand the commitment and the sacrifice we need to make,\u201d Iguodala said.']), ([u'Confident South Korean Star Kang Fitting in With Pirates'], [u'PITTSBURGH \u2014  Jung Ho Kang chose the gray T-shirt because he thought it looked cool. That\'s it. The fact "The Trillest" \u2014 a mashup of "true" and "real" that serves as slang for someone considered most authentic \u2014 was splashed across the front was purely incidental.', u'And only too appropriate.', u"The one constant from the day the South Korean-born infielder walked into the Pittsburgh Pirates spring training complex in February in the T-shirt equivalent of a humble brag has been Kang's belief in his own abilities, something never in danger of getting lost in translation as the 28-year-old became the first position player to jump directly from the Korean Baseball Organization to the majors.", u'"He was the baddest dude over there, by far," Pirates manager Clint Hurdle said. "There was separation. He didn\'t come over here and say \'I hope I\'m going to be a bad dude over here.\' He came over here with the intent to play, to play well and work his way into whatever he is going to work his way into and make a difference on our team in this league."', u'Kang (pronounced "GAHNNGG") is hitting .280 with three homers and 20 RBIs for the Pirates, who figure to be in the thick of the playoff chase for a third straight summer.', u'"It\'s going to get a lot more fun," Kang said through interpreter HK Kim.', u'Really, isn\'t that the point? While Kang understands he\'s a trailblazer of sorts, he\'s a ballplayer at heart. Press him on what he likes about the U.S. and the bachelor quickly responds: "the girls." Hurdle refers to him as "a guy" that is quickly closing the culture gap on his teammates.', u'English lessons help, along with a willingness to immerse himself in the nuances of American baseball. Kang is still getting used defensive shifts and his batting stance remains a symphony of curiously moving parts, including a left foot that he picks up then drops as he swings like an overzealous piano player stomping on the pedals.', u'It\'s a lot to take in but Kang shakes his head and offers a polite "no" when asked if he\'s homesick. While Pittsburgh isn\'t exactly a haven for Korean cuisine, Kang makes do with late-night meals in the team kitchen and satisfies unique cravings on the road.', u"Mostly, he's up for anything, a mindset that allowed a leap that many of his countrymen have not taken. Kang transitioned in the middle of his prime to a contender after signing a four-year, $11-million deal in January.", u'"A lot of guys are afraid to come over here, but he did it," said Texas Rangers outfielder Shin-Soo Choo, who signed with Seattle as an teenager out of South Korea in 2000 then worked through the minors for nearly a decade before becoming an everyday player.', u'"He\'s not afraid. He wants to play here," Choo said.', u'Kang laid the gantlet down from the start, ticking off a partial to-do list once he arrived in the states, namely get a hit off Cincinnati closer Aroldis Chapman and supplant Jordy Mercer as the everyday shortstop. He tagged Chapman for a double in May and is pushing Mercer and third baseman Josh Harrison for regular playing time.', u'Pirates third base coach Rick Sofield sees a similar confidence in superstar center fielder Andrew McCutchen.', u'"You can\'t tell them any different that they can\'t be good," Sofield said. "That at any time, in any scenario, that they can\'t deliver. Jung Ho has that."', u"That confidence never wavered in the KBO, where Kang hit .356 with 40 home runs in 2014 to spark a bidding war (the Pirates paid the Nexen Heroes $5 million to negotiate with Kang). It didn't budge in March even as he slogged through an uneven spring, homering his first game but hitting just .200. It remained unmoved while he languished on the bench in April as general manager Neal Huntington repeatedly defended the decision to not send Kang to the minors for more seasoning.", u'Huntington preached patience and Hurdle eased Kang into the lineup, staying sensitive to team chemistry.', u'Kang never worried about fitting in. Outfielders Starling Marte and Gregory Polanco \u2014 one-time prospects from the Dominican Republican who understood the adjustment \u2014 taught Kang a handful of Spanish sayings. Kang returned the favor with a crash course in basic Korean.', u"All nice, though irrelevant if Kang couldn't hit. But he can. When Pittsburgh's game at San Diego on May 28 aired live nationally in South Korea, Kang hit a three-run homer 434 feet to the outer reaches of Petco Park.", u"South Korea is celebrating Kang's success with a hint of trepidation. Each milestone validates Kang's KBO roots while also raising the possibility other homegrown stars could bolt and weaken the league.", u'"We obviously root for a former KBO player to do good when he goes abroad," KBO spokesman Park Keun-chan said. "But we also prefer star players to keep displaying their talents in front of Korean fans."', u"Kang understands but doesn't dwell on the possible ripple effect.", u'"I try to think simple and just focus on my daily routine on my daily work," he said. "That is going to complicate my thinking."', u"Trying to find his place on this side of the world is hard enough. His education is speeding up. Technically, Kang is a rookie. Yet he also knows he's not.", u'Kang was working on his defensive footwork recently when Hurdle walked over. Hurdle asked Kim to tell Kang not to get nervous, that he was just sneaking a closer peek. Kang\'s response \u2014 "I\'m a veteran, I\'ve got this" \u2014 earned a good-natured laugh from Hurdle.', u'That night, Kang fielded flawlessly and added three hits in a win, but also got thrown out at second trying to stretch an easy single into a double. The Pirates can live with the growing pains.', u"So can a fan base whose skepticism has abated while being won over by Kang's swagger and refusal to be intimidated by the stage.", u'"There\'s a mystical thing going on," Sofield said. "You see how he is, how he fits. This city has embraced him."', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Janie McCauley in Oakland and Associated Press correspondent Kim Tong-hyung in Seoul, South Korea contributed to this report.']), ([u'Bolt Focus on 200 in Quest to Break 19-Second Barrier'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Usain Bolt has two main goals still to achieve in his brilliant sprinting career and may offer a peak of his progress toward one of them at the Adidas Grand Prix athletics meet on Saturday.', u"Bolt is running the 200 meters at Randall's Island, the distance he is focusing on in a quest to smash his own world record of 19.19 and break the 19-second barrier.", u'"I have two more main goals that I want to get," Bolt, 28, told a news conference on Friday.', u'"The hardest one is trying to get under 19 seconds," said Bolt, who set the world record at the 2009 world championships.', u'The other is to sweep the Olympics sprints for a third time in Rio next year.', u'He has six gold medals after winning the 100 meters, 200 meters and 4x100 meters relay at both the 2008 Beijing and 2012 London Games.', u'"Those are my two big goals. That\'s what keeps me going, keeps me motivated. Next season is going to be a big season, but I have to take it one step at a time."', u"Other featured athletes in the Diamond League meet include Olympic champions David Rudisha of Kenya in the 800 meters and women's pole vaulter Jenn Suhr, while American sprinter Tyson Gay faces a trio of Jamaicans in the 100 meters.", u'Rudisha, the world record-holder in the 800, began the year with a pair of wins in Australia, but three weeks ago in Ostrava pulled up in discomfort after 150 meters.', u'"I feel good," Rudisha said about returning to race."', u'As for Bolt, he is gradually ramping up as he comes back from a 2014 season limited to three races due to foot and hamstring injuries.', u'The Jamaican ran 20.20 in Kingston and 20.13 in Ostrava this year but feels he is getting stronger and aims to crack 20 seconds on Saturday, just another step toward his goal.', u'"I really want to run sub-19," he told Reuters. "If I\'m going to do that, I have to get back in the mode of running a lot of 200 meters and getting back to the perfection that I\'m used to running the curve.', u'"I think the 100 meters will benefit from me running the 200 meters also."', u'Bolt expects to benefit from crowd support.', u'"There\'s going to be a large Jamaican crowd, they\'re always there to support Jamaicans. They come out in the thousands. I appreciate that. It\'s like a second home to me.', u'"I know it\'s going to be wonderful, I know it\'s going to be loud and I know the energy is going to be great."', u'(Editing by Andrew Both)']), ([u'Two First-Round Picks Are Signed'], [u'The ', u' and the ', u' have signed their first-round draft choices. Cedric Ogbuehi, an offensive tackle from Texas A&M, was selected by Cincinnati with the 21st overall pick. Laken Tomlinson, an offensive guard out of Duke, was selected 28th over all by Detroit.']), ([u'Charles Helps Liberty Top Mercury'], [u'Tina Charles had 19 points and 11 rebounds to lead the Liberty to a 68-57 win over the Phoenix Mercury at Madison Square Garden. The Liberty (3-1) never trailed and ended their four-game losing streak against Phoenix. Brittney Griner missed the Mercury\u2019s trip to New York because she is serving a suspension after being arrested on domestic violence charges in April.']), ([u'China Steal Late Win, Hosts Canada Held'], [u"(Reuters) - An injury-time goal earned China a dramatic victory, while hosts Canada and Germany and Norway all had to settle for draws on a competitive Thursday at the Women's World Cup.", u'Wang Lisi scored in the first minute of injury time lifting China past the Netherlands in a 1-0 victory that kept both teams a point behind group leaders Canada, who have four.', u'Wang received a ball from team mate Tan Ruyin in the penalty box and tapped in at the far post to give her a team an exciting win that put them in the group mix.', u'It was much more of a slog for Canada who battled to a scoreless draw with New Zealand on a stormy, wet night.', u'The contest got off to a soggy start when play was suspended after five minutes due to severe weather forcing players off the pitch.', u'Following a 30-minute delay, action resumed under sunny skies but the dreary play continued.', u"Canada's scoring struggles continued after edging China on an injury time goal from Christine Sinclair in the opener.", u'In Group B, top-ranked Germany had a win snatched from their grasp after Maren Mjelde scored on a free kick in the 61st minute to earn Norway a 1-1 draw.', u"The result left both teams tied on four points, though Germany lead on goal difference. Germany's Anja Mittag netted the opener in the sixth minute.", u"Elsewhere, Thailand earned a historic 3-2 win against Ivory Coast in a victory that saw both teams score their first ever goals of the Women's World Cup.    Orathai Srimanee led the way with a pair of first-half goals for Thailand who close group play against Germany on Monday. Norway will face Ivory Coast.", u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Judge Orders Blazer's Plea Agreement Unsealed"], [u'(Reuters) - The U.S. judge presiding over the corruption cases of indicted soccer officials has\xa0ordered the unsealing of the\xa0plea agreement between former FIFA executive committee member Chuck Blazer and the U.S. government.', u'Media outlets last week called for the plea agreement to be unsealed in the wake of the indictments of 14 soccer and media executives for corruption but U.S. authorities have opposed the move.', u'"Because the court concludes that the government has not met its high burden of establishing that continued sealing is necessary to prevent a substantial probability of prejudice to a compelling government interest, the applications to unseal the agreement are granted,"\xa0U.S. District Judge Raymond Dearie in Brooklyn, New York, wrote on Thursday.', u'Dearie stayed his order until Monday, giving prosecutors\xa0time to consider whether to appeal his decision.', u'The judge also gave the government until Friday to apply to redact any\xa0portion of the agreement.', u'Blazer, the former general secretary of CONCACAF, soccer\u2019s governing body in North and Central America and the Caribbean, secretly pleaded guilty to 10 criminal counts in New York in 2013 as part of an agreement with U.S. prosecutors, according to \xa0a transcript of the hearing released last week.', u'Blazer told Dearie in 2013 that he and other FIFA officials took bribes in connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups among other tournaments.', u"According to U.S. officials, Blazer\u2019s cooperation has helped build the sprawling corruption case that has engulfed FIFA and led the governing body's president Sepp Blatter to announce his resignation only days after winning re-election for a fifth term.", u'Blazer, 70, is one of four\xa0individuals\xa0in the case who pleaded guilty in secret and agreed to assist U.S. investigators.', u"A Justice Department spokeswoman declined comment. Blazer's lawyer did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Friday.", u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Nick Mulvenney and Martin Howell)']), ([u'Three Share Lead in Memphis'], [u'Ryan Palmer, Brooks Koepka and Greg Owen are tied at six-under-par 64 after the opening round of the St. Jude Classic in Memphis. Palmer, a three-time PGA Tour winner, turned in a bogey-free round with six birdies. Koepka, who won in Phoenix this year, had eight birdies and two bogeys, while Owen finished with no bogeys and six birdies. Scott Brown, Steven Alker, Brian Davis and Richard Sterne each shot a 65.', u'\u25a0 Bernhard Langer had four birdies on the final five holes to tie a course record with a six-under-par 65 in the first round of the Senior Players Championship in Belmont, Mass.']), ([u'David Wilson Makes Jump (Actually Three) to Life After N.F.L.'], [u'Ten months after saying a tearful goodbye to football, the former Giants running back David Wilson is running again.', u'And jumping.', u'Wilson will make his professional track and field debut in the triple jump at Icahn Stadium on Saturday in the Adidas Grand Prix.', u'Early Thursday morning, Wilson spoke with a small news media contingent who had watched his workout and discussed the steps that had taken him from the N.F.L. to the track.', u'Wilson, a 5-foot-9-inch speed merchant, left a game against Philadelphia in 2013 after being gang tackled. He never returned to the playing field.', u'Wilson played five games that year before a neck injury ended his season. He had surgery the following January, tried to practice that July, but was forced to leave practice after sustaining yet another arm-numbing injury to his neck.', u'A month later, following the advice of team doctors, Wilson announced his retirement. He was finished with football at age 23.', u'\u201cHaving to leave football was like being in love with a girl who broke up with me,\u201d he said. \u201cYou can get depressed, but then, there\u2019s other fish in the sea.\u201d', u'Fortunately for Wilson, the other fish was track and field.', u'Although something of a rebound love, track, buoyed by faith, became a lifeline for Wilson at a point when things could have could have turned dark.', u'He had been an all-American in track at George Washington High School in Danville, Va. He was the high school indoor national champion in the triple jump. In his junior and senior years, Wilson set the high school Nike indoor meet record in the triple jump.', u'His last track meet was in 2011 for Virginia Tech at the N.C.A.A. championships, where Wilson finished sixth in the triple jump with a personal-best leap of 53.1 feet.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not like I\u2019m just coming to do it,\u201d he said, referring to track. \u201cI\u2019m experienced in the field. I\u2019ve never been able to perfect it because I was always training for football. I didn\u2019t really focus on track or care about track at all. I just did it stay in shape for football.\u201d', u'Wilson had a glimpse of retirement and didn\u2019t like it.', u'The most difficult part, especially for a 23-year-old former player who seemed to have so much running room ahead of him, was watching athletic contests. Wilson was starving for competition, and he watched everything.', u'\u201cI watched every kind game I could get in front of,\u201d he said.', u'\u201cI\u2019m at home, trying to beat people in pool and video games and in cleaning up: \u2018I can clean better than you.\u2019 I was trying to find competition anywhere I could.\u201d', u'Shortly after Wilson announced his forced retirement, his college chaplain called and reminded him of the conversation they had in 2009, just before Wilson began his freshman year at Virginia Tech.', u'The chaplain had asked Wilson what his goals were. Wilson was clear: He wanted to start at running back; he wanted to break the university rushing record; after that, he wanted to get drafted by an N.F.L. team. He also wanted to run track, and he wanted to compete in the Olympics.', u'\u201cWhen I resigned from football, he was the first one to contact me and he was like, \u2018Remember you told me you was going to do the Olympics?\u2019 I didn\u2019t even click with it until he told me that.\u201d', u'Wilson is more fortunate than even he knows.', u'His father, Dwight, knows. He admitted feeling a weight off his shoulders when his son announced his retirement.', u'\u201cI was kind of relieved,\u201d he said from his home in Stone Mountain, Ga. \u201cThose were some big guys out there.', u'\u201cYou wouldn\u2019t believe this, but a lot of David\u2019s touchdowns in football, I was at the games, but I didn\u2019t ever see them.\u201d', u'Why?', u'\u201cI was too busy praying,\u201d he said. \u201cI told my wife when he got out of football, \u2018Maybe he\u2019ll play baseball or track or something, and then I can watch it.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Being forced out of the game with what still seems to Wilson like an invisible injury (\u201cThey were telling me I couldn\u2019t play, and I was like: \u2018Why? I feel fine.\u2019\xa0\u201d) has given Wilson a new, more compassionate view of injuries and how players respond to them.', u'\u201cBut then when I see a guy make an amazing play, Odell Beckham, or Marshawn Lynch running people over, I\u2019m like, \u2018Capable of that, I can do that, I used to do that.\u2019', u'\u201cThen I just apply that motivation to something else, which is track.\u201d', u'He reached back into his track and field roots, dusted off his triple-jump skills and has set a goal of competing in the ', u'.', u'The first leg of that journey unfolds on Saturday, when he will compete against some of the best in the world.', u'Wilson said that he would consider himself victorious by qualifying for the U.S.A. Track & Field championships and jumping 55 feet.', u'\u201cWhen I come out here on Saturday, it\u2019s not to beat everybody,\u201d he said. \u201cIt being able to have the chance to compete again. The main thing is to get my feet wet out here, compete, be a competitor. What I miss doing the most, just getting that chance to be part of the competition.\u201d', u'His father hinted that the drive to compete would drive him back to football.', u'\u201cI think David\u2019s going to come back to the N.F.L.,\u201d he said.', u'Hopefully not. Hopefully, the pursuit of an Olympic berth will satisfy Wilson\u2019s competitive itch. Whether he returns to football is beside the point.', u'The good news is that David Wilson is running.', u'And jumping.']), ([u'Knee Injury Also Hurts Finances of New Jet'], [u'FLORHAM PARK, N.J. \u2014  When Stevan Ridley excelled as a running back at Louisiana State, he dreamed of earning a lucrative N.F.L. contract one day and the material pleasures it would bring. When he signed a relatively modest deal as a third-round draft choice of the New England Patriots in 2011, he drew motivation from knowing that free agency could yield the big money he desired once he proved himself.', u'Ridley showed he belonged by rushing for a career-high 1,263 yards and 12 touchdowns in his second season, and he tacked on 773 yards in 2013. He appeared to be on course for more solid results when he was New England\u2019s leading rusher with 340 yards early last year in his final season before free agency. A contract that could bring financial security had never seemed more within reach.', u'And then it was not.', u'He tore the anterior cruciate and medial collateral ligaments in his right knee Oct. 12 against the Buffalo Bills and was placed on season-ending injured reserve. The swelling in his knee was so severe that he did not have surgery until Nov. 18.', u'With teams wary of such a devastating injury, Ridley attracted minimal interest. The ', u', the Dolphins and the Redskins explored signing him, and his long-awaited free-agent payday was a one-year contract from the Jets worth $1.25 million. Only $80,000 was guaranteed because it constituted his signing bonus.', u'\u201cAnytime you go through an injury on a contract year, it\u2019s tough, man; I can\u2019t lie to you on that,\u201d Ridley said as the Jets concluded their three-day mandatory minicamp Thursday. \u201cThat\u2019s hard because you work so hard your whole life and dream so big about getting to a certain point, and when it\u2019s time to cash in and get that big payday, to have an injury come at that time, it\u2019s a shot, man.\u201d', u'Because Ridley has been unable to participate in off-season activities, Coach Todd Bowles ranked four running backs ahead of him when the players return for training camp: Chris Ivory, Bilal Powell, Daryl Richardson and Zac Stacy.', u'It remains unclear how much, if anything, Ridley will be able to do when camp opens and competition at the crowded running back position begins.', u'\u201cI see him running straight ahead,\u201d Bowles said. \u201cThe trainers are going to evaluate his side-to-side stuff, and I guess it\u2019s going to depend on how he feels.\u201d', u'Ridley, 5 feet 11 inches and 220 pounds, built a reputation in New England as a rugged ball carrier, but he also had problems protecting the football.', u'As much as Ridley understands the importance of showing his new team what he can do during practices and preseason games, he also knows he can ill afford a setback. He is being careful not to set any timetable related to camp.', u'\u201cI really can\u2019t predict the future, man,\u201d Ridley said. \u201cI\u2019ve got to be ready for Week 1. That\u2019s the goal right now. I\u2019m not going to set myself up for any false hope or say that I\u2019m going to do something that I\u2019m not. What I will say is I\u2019m working hard. I\u2019ve just got to make sure that I\u2019m 100 percent healthy, and that when I do hit the field, I\u2019m making an impact.\u201d', u'Ridley also chose his words carefully when asked about the Patriots and the uproar over the deflated footballs the team used in January\u2019s A.F.C. championship game.', u'Although he said he had no \u201cfirsthand information\u201d that footballs were deflated, he said his former team \u201cmade a mistake.\u201d', u'He accompanied the Patriots to the White House in late April to help celebrate their ', u' victory, and he does not believe the controversy should tarnish that win.', u'\u201cThe Super Bowl champs are the Super Bowl champs,\u201d he said. \u201cThe football is deflated or not, it took a lot of hard work to get there.\u201d', u'Still, as much as Ridley said he enjoyed his time in New England, he is now committed to the other side of the fierce rivalry. His right arm bears a large Jets tattoo.']), ([u'Nadal and Tomic Advance in Germany'], [u'Top-seeded ', u' opened his grass-court season with a 7-6 (5), 6-7 (5), 6-2 victory over Marcos Baghdatis that sent him into the quarterfinals of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany. Nadal will face fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic, who defeated Tommy Haas, 7-6 (6), 6-2.', u'\u25a0 Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska beat Christina McHale, 6-3, 6-1, to advance to the quarterfinals of the Nottingham Open in England. Radwanska next plays Lauren Davis.']), ([u'Paraguay Senate Moves to Repeal Immunity for South America\u2019s Soccer Confederation'], [u'\u2019s top spokesman left his job Thursday, hours after Sepp Blatter was urged to do the same by the European Parliament. The communications director, Walter De Gregorio, has been closely tied to Blatter, the embattled president, since 2011. In Strasbourg, France, lawmakers from 28 European nations voted on a resolution calling for Blatter to speed up his announced resignation. Blatter is a target of an American investigation of corruption in soccer, and Swiss prosecutors are leading a separate inquiry into bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cup.', u'\u25a0 Paraguay\u2019s Senate voted to repeal a law giving immunity to the headquarters of South America\u2019s soccer confederation, Conmebol, the latest fallout from a United States investigation into FIFA. The Senate\u2019s decision sent the bill to President Horacio Cartes, who has said he supports it. The measure was approved last week by the House of Deputies. One of 14 soccer officials indicted by the United States Justice Department was Nicol\xe1s Leoz, a Paraguayan and former FIFA executive committee member.', u'\u25a0 ', u', an eight-time N.B.A. All-Star, will be an owner of Puerto Rico F.C., an expansion team in the North American Soccer League, the league announced. The league said the team would begin play in the second half of the 2016 season. The team will play in Juan Ram\xf3n Loubriel Stadium in Bayam\xf3n. Anthony\u2019s father was born in Puerto Rico, and his ties to the island are strong, he has said. VICTOR MATHER']), ([u'An Unfamiliar and Tricky Course Adds to the Challenge in an L.P.G.A. Major'], [u'HARRISON, N.Y. \u2014  On any given week on the L.P.G.A. Tour, Christina Kim\u2019s routine has few wrinkles. Play some practice-round holes before the tournament starts, keep putting preparation to about 20 minutes, then go out and play. But that has changed this week.', u'Golfers have been playing on Westchester Country Club\u2019s West Course since 1922, but this is the first time the women on tour have seen it. The pressure of playing in a major \u2014 the Women\u2019s P.G.A. Championship \u2014 was hard enough, but before Thursday\u2019s first round, players had to do some extra homework to get to know the classically tricky layout.', u'\u201cWe play some great courses on tour,\u201d Kim said. \u201cBut truly, the last time I\u2019ve had a course have this much impact on me was Oakmont in 2010 at the U.S. Women\u2019s Open. That course is still No. 1 in my eyes. This course might top it by the end of the week, because it\u2019s so demanding and so iconic.\u201d', u'If the L.P.G.A. Tour and the P.G.A. of America were aiming high in their first collaborative effort in the tour\u2019s second major of the season, the West Course measured up. Players who showed up early, practiced often and put in their learning time before the event began had a good chance of joining the logjam at the top of the leaderboard.', u'Players who did not do those things could run into problems.', u'\u201cThere are some blind tee shots, so you have to trust your lines, and today they actually moved tees around a little bit,\u201d Karrie Webb said. \u201cSo our lines, we had not hit off any of those tees, so it was a matter of really trusting that they knew where the fairway was, and those were the lines that you had to hit.\u201d', u'Webb, 40, is a veteran. She has seen plenty of courses for the first time \u2014 at major championships and elsewhere \u2014 to know how the routine works. Her first-round score of five-under-par 68 put her two strokes behind the leader, Jenny Shin.', u'Trying to decipher a new course can be trying. Westchester is known for its elevation changes, tight fairways, deep bunkers and fast greens. Allowing the L.P.G.A. to conduct a major championship on its West Course was going to challenge the field this week, especially with the P.G.A. of America setting up the course \u2014 an arrangement none of these players had seen before.', u'Five strokes separate 38 golfers from the top of the leaderboard.', u'\u201cYou don\u2019t want to short-side yourself because the greens are usually very fast,\u201d said Lexi Thompson, one of 15 golfers tied for eighth at three under.', u'Thompson does not carry a yardage book, allowing her caddie Benji Thompson \u2014 no relation \u2014 to do the preparation for her. Kim, who shot a two-under 71, said the normal yardage book had a few notes on where to play and where to miss. Not this week.', u'As she went through her practice rounds earlier in the week, she drew lines on the green maps to indicate which way she thought certain putts broke. With the help of her caddie, T. J. Jones, she dissected all 18 holes in preparation for attacking the layout this week. Instead of the usual 20 minutes of practice putting each day, she increased the time to two hours.', u'Her rationale was that the more she familiarized herself with the course, the easier it would be. Since the West Course is almost 100 years old, there would be very few surprises.', u'\u201cCourses like this don\u2019t change,\u201d Kim said. \u201cThey\u2019re consistent all the way through. You\u2019ll come to a course that opened in 2008 or 2009 and there are still seams out there on the putting greens. You can relax a little bit knowing that the course has been here so long.\u201d', u'That is, as long as you did your homework.', u'\u201cIt is an extremely tough course,\u201d said 17-year-old Brooke Henderson, who is in second place at six under. \u201cBut a lot of fun to play. If you hit some good shots, you\u2019ll be rewarded.\u201d']), ([u'Good Fortune Comes and Goes, but Mets Grind Out a Win '], [u'When ', u' Manager Terry Collins ran into the Hall 0f Fame pitcher John Smoltz on Thursday afternoon, he had to reply with a mix of humor and curtness when asked how he was doing.', u'\u201cI said, \u2018Well, we just got no-hit and my star pitcher just got his brains beat out, my best two hitters are on the D.L., and we had 14 others to join them, so how do you think I\u2019m doing?\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'The last few days at Citi Field have not seen the best of times for the Mets. ', u' on Tuesday, and the ', u'\u2019 offense rocked Matt Harvey for three home runs the next night.', u'The downward trend appeared to continue early in the day, as every bit of positive news the Mets received seemed to be canceled out by a dispiriting development.', u'But the Mets, short-handed and reeling after two demoralizing losses to the defending World Series champions, scrapped their way to a 5-4 win on Thursday at Citi Field, avoiding a sweep and their first three-game losing streak at home this season.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s huge morale-wise for us,\u201d Collins said.', u'The victory did not come easy.', u'Jon Niese, who was 0-4 with a 7.96 E.R.A. in his last five starts, allowed two runs in the first inning.', u'On the other end, five of the first 10 outs recorded by the Giants\u2019 starter Tim Lincecum were strikeouts, and the Mets were hitless and looked overmatched.', u'The tables turned when Travis d\u2019Arnaud singled in a run in the fourth and the Mets added two runs in the fifth, spurred by a double by Niese, who settled in and began pitching his best baseball in more than a month while Lincecum unraveled.', u'\u201cIt was a good outing to build on, my stuff felt great,\u201d said Niese, who added that a change in mechanics \u2014 staying back in his windup a bit longer and a new alignment in his stride off the mound \u2014 allowed him to locate his pitches better.', u'At one point, Niese retired 12 batters in a row.', u'Justin Maxwell appeared to be No. 13 after hitting a slow ground ball to third base in the sixth. But the Mets\u2019 good fortune evaporated when Eric Campbell bobbled the ball and was charged with an error. Brandon Crawford promptly hit a two-run homer over the right-center-field wall to give the Giants a 4-3 lead.', u'The Mets tied the score in the seventh, before Michael Cuddyer hit a winning single in the ninth to score Curtis Granderson.', u'\u201cIt speaks volumes about our resiliency,\u201d Cuddyer said of the win. The prospect of extra innings was ominous, as the Mets\u2019 infield was stretched precariously thin.', u'Shortly after Collins arrived at Citi Field, the third base coach Tim Teufel approached him with a question he undoubtedly did not want to hear.', u'\u201c\xa0\u2018How are we going to handle it if we don\u2019t have anybody, if somebody gets hurt?\u2019\xa0\u201d Collins recalled Teufel inquiring.', u'Because of a long string of injuries and personal obligations, Collins was forced to ponder an unsettling alignment in an emergency with the backup catcher Anthony Recker at third base, or Cuddyer at second.', u'Already gone were David Wright and Daniel Murphy. Before the game, Dilson Herrera returned from the disabled list, but Ruben Tejada was granted paternity leave after the birth of his daughter.', u'The Mets were unable to add an infielder because catcher Kevin Plawecki remained out with symptoms of dizziness, but General Manager Sandy Alderson said the team could not yet place him on the disabled list because doctors could not identify the cause of his ailment.', u'In addition, Bobby Parnell\u2019s reinstatement from the disabled list was matched by the announcement that Dillon Gee was put on the bereavement list after the death of his grandmother.', u'Alderson spoke for about 15 minutes about these roster issues, and both he and Collins expressed concern about Harvey\u2019s recent struggles.', u'\u201cHopefully, adjustments will be made as a result of experiences the last three or four times out and we\u2019ll get him back on track,\u201d Alderson said. \u201cWe need to get everybody on track. Hopefully, getting some of these position players back off the D.L. will help a little bit and take a little pressure off the pitching.\u201d', u'Among those players Alderson was referring to was d\u2019Arnaud, who returned on Wednesday after a seven-week absence. He had two hits and drove in a run on Thursday, after scoring twice and collecting another hit in his first game back.', u'\u201cHis presence in the lineup changes the looks of things,\u201d Collins said.', u'Later, Collins received an update on Plawecki that was also encouraging \u2014 he is believed to have a clogged sinus, which was causing the dizziness \u2014 showing that maybe, at the end of a day of mixed results, the Mets could be getting back on track.']), ([u'Padres Top Braves in 11 Despite Manager\u2019s Ejection in Testy Game'], [u'Yangervis Solarte hit a two-run single in the 11th inning, lifting the ', u' over the host ', u', 6-4, on Thursday after a benches-clearing incident and the ejection of San Diego Manager Bud Black.', u'The players left their dugouts in the first inning after Atlanta\u2019s Julio Teheran hit Matt Kemp with a 90-mile-an-hour fastball. No punches were thrown, and no one was ejected.', u'Black was thrown out in the seventh inning for arguing with the umpires Jordan Baker and Jerry Meals.', u' Giovanny Urshela hit his first major league home run, Shaun Marcum and relievers combined on a two-hitter, and Cleveland beat visiting Seattle.', u'Urshela, a 23-year-old from Colombia who made his big league debut Tuesday, grounded a run-scoring single past shortstop Brad Miller in a four-run third. He was the first batter after Tom Wilhelmsen had relieved J. A. Happ (3-2).', u' Scott Kazmir allowed one hit in eight innings to end a nine-start winless streak and lead host Oakland over Texas.', u'Kazmir (3-4) retired 13 of the first 14 Rangers batters. Evan Scribner threw nine pitches in a perfect ninth to complete a one-hitter.', u' Adam Jones hit the first of three home runs off Wade Miley, and host Baltimore edged Boston for its first sweep of the season.', u'Nolan Reimold and Manny Machado also homered for the Orioles. Miley (5-6) allowed five runs and nine hits over four innings.', u' Giancarlo Stanton drove in four runs with his 22nd homer and a 40-foot single, and host Miami ended a three-game losing streak by beating Colorado.', u'David Phelps (3-3) pitched a career-high eight innings, allowing four hits. Chris Rusin (2-1) gave up 11 hits and six runs in five and a third innings.', u' Michael Cuddyer singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning, and the host Mets defeated San Francisco to prevent a three-game sweep.', u'Curtis Granderson scored twice and drove in a run. Sergio Romo (0-3) hit Granderson in the back on an 0-2 pitch with one out in the ninth. Granderson advanced to second on Andrew Susac\u2019s passed ball and to third on Juan Lagares\u2019s groundout before Lucas Duda was intentionally walked.', u' Albert Pujols hit his 537th home run to move ahead of Mickey Mantle into 16th place on the career list and complete the scoring for Los Angeles in a victory over host Tampa Bay.', u'Mike Trout drove in two runs with his 17th home run and a double.', u' Miguel Montero and Dexter Fowler homered, and host Chicago ended Cincinnati\u2019s four-game winning streak.', u'With Wrigley Field\u2019s rebuilt right-field bleachers in use for the first time this season, the Cubs won for the fourth time in five games.', u' Scooter Gennett drove in the go-ahead run with a two-out single in the bottom of the eighth, capping host Milwaukee\u2019s rally from a four-run deficit for a win over Washington.', u'Gennett\u2019s bouncer trickled just inside third base and into left to drive home Shane Peterson from third. A throwing error by second baseman Anthony Rendon that had allowed Peterson to reach two batters earlier proved costly for reliever Aaron Barrett (3-2).']), ([u'Women\u2019s Pro League Offering Pay Signs Its First Player'], [u'Janine Weber became the first player to join the newly formed ', u' on Thursday, signing a free-agent contract with the New York Riveters.', u'Weber previously competed in the ', u', which had been the only high-level professional women\u2019s hockey league in North America during the past eight years.', u'In March, during the Canadian league\u2019s final, Weber scored the winning goal for the Boston Blades.', u'Weber said she was immediately interested when the new league formed shortly after the Canadian league\u2019s season. The new league, which will have teams in New York, Buffalo, Connecticut and Boston, will pay players a salary, whereas the Canadian league does not.', u'Players in the American league will also not have to buy their own equipment. After Weber scored the goal that won the championship, she was asked to donate her stick to the Hockey Hall of Fame. She was initially hesitant because it was the only stick she had on hand.', u'Weber said the opportunity to earn a salary in the National Women\u2019s Hockey League had tilted her decision. An Austrian citizen, Weber, 23, will have to apply for a visa to work in the United States. Dani Rylan, the commissioner of the league and the Riveters\u2019 general manager, said players in that situation would have the help of an immigration lawyer sought out by the league.', u'\u201cWe want the best players from around the world to compete in the N.W.H.L.,\u201d Rylan said.', u'The commissioner of the Canadian league, Brenda Andress, said in a statement: \u201cWe can confirm that a few players, including Janine Weber, have received releases from their contracts in order to explore other hockey opportunities, including the N.W.H.L. and Europe. We wish these players every success and thank them for their contributions to the C.W.H.L.\u201d', u'Weber signed a one-year contract, with financial terms not disclosed. Each team will have a roster of 18 players, and with owners subject to a salary cap of $270,000, a player\u2019s average pay will be $15,000.', u'Having lived in Providence, where she went to college, Weber will probably have to move to New York to play for the Riveters, who recently signed an agreement, Rylan said, to play at ', u' in Brooklyn.', u'\u201cI\u2019m obviously a little worried, but I think I\u2019m more excited than that,\u201d Weber said about the cost of living in New York.', u'The next few months could be a scramble between the two leagues to sign the world\u2019s top players. This month, Marie-Philip Poulin, a two-time Olympic gold medalist for Canada, registered for the Canadian league\u2019s 2015 draft, set for Aug. 23. Andress said that registrations for her league\u2019s draft were up more than 30 percent.', u'The American league\u2019s inaugural draft will be June 20.', u'Hilary Knight, a United States Olympian who played for the Blades last season, attended the new league\u2019s launch party in April and noted her excitement over the formation of a league that would offer salaries.', u'\u201cI think there\u2019s going to be a huge wave after this,\u201d Rylan said. \u201cI expect future signings to come in bunches.\u201d', u'The league will begin its first season on Oct. 17.']), ([u'Carmelo Anthony Becomes a Soccer Team Owner in Puerto Rico'], [u'While fans are wondering about his comeback from knee surgery and who will surround him on the Knicks next season, ', u' has turned his focus to another sport.', u'Anthony, an eight-time N.B.A. All-Star, will be an owner of Puerto Rico F.C., an expansion team in the North American Soccer League, the league announced on Thursday.', u'The league says the franchise will begin play in the second half of the 2016 season. The team will play in the 12,500-seat Juan Ram\xf3n Loubriel Stadium in Bayam\xf3n, near San Juan.', u'Anthony\u2019s father was born in Puerto Rico, and his ties to the island are strong, he has said. He is also a soccer fan and ', u' when the team toured the United States last year, posing for pictures and getting in a quick kickabout.', u'Despite his new venture, he says basketball remains his top priority.', u'\u201cRight now it\u2019s about putting the right people in place so that when I\u2019m back to my regular job, basketball is my main focus,\u201d Anthony ', u'. \u201cI\u2019ll have a solid group of people running it on a day-to-day basis.\u201d', u'The N.A.S.L., the second tier in the American soccer pyramid, has 11 teams in Canada and the United States, including the Cosmos, who play in Hempstead, N.Y. A Miami team is also to join the league next year.']), ([u'In Draft, Yankees Try to Minimize Risk and Maximize Pitching'], [u'With two first-round picks, including the highest one the team has had in 22 years, the ', u'\u2019 scouting director, Damon Oppenheimer, said Thursday in evaluating the team\u2019s draft that he felt pressure to get this one right.', u'\u201cIt does feel like that,\u201d he said, speaking on a conference call the day after the draft concluded. \u201cI\u2019m not going to lie about it.\u201d', u'Whether those first two picks, pitcher James Kaprielian from U.C.L.A. (16th over all) and shortstop Kyle Holder from the University of San Diego (30th), develop into productive players \u2014 a rarity for the ', u' since the 1990s \u2014 will not be known right away.', u'But the Yankees\u2019 draft reflects a continuing philosophical shift away from the high-risk picks that have so rarely panned out for them.', u'They stayed away from players with an injury history, passing on Brady Aiken \u2014 the top pick from last year who did not sign and had Tommy John surgery \u2014 to select Kaprielian, who pitched in one of the strongest college conferences and under a coach, John Savage, who is well regarded for helping to develop Barry Zito, Gerrit Cole and Trevor Bauer.', u'\u201cThe first thing we liked about James is he\u2019s been a healthy pitcher,\u201d said Oppenheimer, who was with the Yankees in 2007 when they drafted Andrew Brackman in the first round, gave him a $3.5 million signing bonus and ', u'. Brackman pitched three games for the Yankees, all in 2011.', u'Oppenheimer said he liked that Kaprielian\u2019s breaking pitches drew swings and misses and that the Yankees\u2019 player development director, Gary Denbo, was around Kaprielian as an assistant coach for the United States national team.', u'The Yankees were given a secondary first-round pick as compensation for losing reliever David Robertson to the Chicago White Sox as a free agent. They used it to select Holder, who Oppenheimer said was something of a wizard with the glove, comparing some of his skills to Omar Vizquel\u2019s. Oppenheimer also defended the shortstop\u2019s hitting, which has been a criticism. But he noted that the left-handed-hitting Holder batted .348 in the West Coast Conference and had as many walks as strikeouts.', u'\u201cThose aren\u2019t numbers to scoff at,\u201d Oppenheimer said. \u201cHe\u2019s going to be a fine offensive player to go along with some stellar defense.\u201d', u'After taking high school players with the top selection from 2007 to 2012 \u2014 only Slade Heathcott (2009) has reached the major leagues \u2014 the Yankees have turned their focus to college players. This year, 23 of their top 26 selections were college players. Last year, only one of their first 16 picks was a high school player, and their top choice, the left-handed reliever Jacob Lindgren, made his debut for the Yankees this season.', u'In this draft, they stockpiled pitchers, who accounted for 24 of their top 36 picks.', u'\u201cYou get a better opportunity to evaluate them against higher-end talent, see how their stuff matches up,\u201d Oppenheimer said of college pitchers, who often get to pitch in international competition, which allows scouts to evaluate their makeup. \u201cYou get to answer a few more questions.\u201d', u'In addition to Kaprielian, who is 6 feet 4 inches tall, the Yankees also sated their appetite for tall pitchers, choosing the 6-5 right-hander Cody Carroll of Southern Mississippi and the 6-6 right-hander Garrett Mundell of Fresno State.', u'Buried near the bottom of their draft were two intriguing prospects. The Army right-hander Alex Robinett, who struck out 21 batters in a game against Air Force \u2014 the most since Stephen Strasburg struck out 23 in a game in 2008 \u2014 was chosen in the 32nd round. Oppenheimer said Robinett was expected to sign with the Yankees and pitch in their minor leagues this summer until he is called in for his military commitment. Mitch Harris, a graduate of the Naval Academy, made his debut this season for the Cardinals at age 29, after completing a five-year stint in the Navy.', u'The Yankees used their 34th-round pick on a high school pitcher with a familiar profile: a left-hander named Andrew Miller. This Miller, unlike their closer, who is currently out with a muscle strain, is from Sterling, N.J., just outside Philadelphia.', u'Oppenheimer said the Yankees would keep an eye on Miller, who has committed to the University of Maryland, while he pitches for his American Legion team this summer and then decide whether to offer him a contract.', u'Closer ANDREW MILLER (forearm muscle strain) was placed on the 15-day disabled list, retroactive to Wednesday. The right-handed reliever CHRIS MARTIN, who started the season with the Yankees, was recalled from Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to take Miller\u2019s spot in the bullpen and also give the Yankees some balance in the bullpen. DELLIN BETANCES and ESMIL ROGERS had been the only right-handers. Outfielder MASON WILLIAMS, who is fleet with a good glove, was recalled from Scranton/Wilkes-Barre to fill the spot cleared when second baseman JOSE PIRELA was sent down after Wednesday\u2019s loss to Washington. Pirela was made superfluous when infielder BRENDAN RYAN was activated, while Williams fills the need for a left-handed-hitting, defensive outfielder the Yankees can use late in games to replace right fielder CARLOS BELTRAN.', u'The Yankees acquired the minor league infielder TONY RENDA from Washington in exchange for reliever DAVID CARPENTER, who had been designated for assignment.']), ([u'Christen Press Went Abroad and Found a Place on the U.S. Team'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014 When Christen Press scored a goal on Monday in the United States\u2019 game against Australia, there was a lightness to her celebration.', u'In her first World Cup match, after her first World Cup goal, she spread her arms like the wings of a plane and jogged forward with a vast, sweet smile. Nothing about it was fiery or in-your-face, which it very well could have been, considering she had just put her team ahead in a game that the Americans, at times, seemed in danger of losing.', u'Instead, it was simple and beautiful, as if she were running toward an old friend at the airport.', u'Seeing her made it hard to believe that not so long ago, Press despised the game of soccer.', u'As a forward at Stanford \u2014 before she became a starter for the United States team, which faces Sweden here on Friday night \u2014 Press often felt suffocated by her need to succeed. To score every goal. To lead her team to wins. To live up to expectations. To be the star.', u'At times, she would cry during games because she hadn\u2019t yet found the net, and even today she has recurring worries that she will never score again.', u'\u201cI hate soccer, I really hate soccer,\u201d she wrote on her personal blog about that time in her life. \u201cThere is just so much PRESSURE. It\u2019s making me miserable.\u201d', u'Press, now 26, would become the career scoring leader at Stanford. She would be named national player of the year. She would go on to sign a professional contract, and to be named her league\u2019s ', u'.', u'But it wasn\u2019t enough. For Press, who in high school would peek at her classmates\u2019 graded papers to see if hers was the best, it was never enough.', u'She wanted to play for the national team. Yet that team \u2014 stocked with spectacular forwards like Abby Wambach, Sydney Leroux and Alex Morgan \u2014 never called.', u'Then, when her league, Women\u2019s Professional Soccer, folded in 2012, Press saw her life\u2019s goals topple and land with a thud. Without the league, she thought, the national team coaches would never see her play and would never invite her to compete on soccer\u2019s highest stage.', u'\u201cI thought, How could this happen; this didn\u2019t just happen because I\u2019m not done yet; please, no,\u201d she recalled.', u'Sometimes, though, bad things turn into good things, and maybe even necessary things. Press\u2019s pink slip led her thousands of miles from her Southern California home to Sweden, where she signed for a team in the country\u2019s women\u2019s pro league. That was where she found her way. That\u2019s where, she said, she found herself, too.', u'\u201cI just knew I needed to get out of there, away from the American sports culture,\u201d she said. \u201cAnd so, away from everyone, with nobody watching, I learned that my best is really good enough. I found my love of the game again. It was fun again.\u201d', u'In Sweden, Press could exhale. That little voice in her head that constantly told her she wasn\u2019t good enough began to go from a shout to just a whisper.', u'She had moved out of her comfort zone and emerged the better for it.', u'Press learned how to use a hair dryer to warm up her toes before practices and games to fight off the cold. She learned how to work with her teammates to spell out words on the field with their bodies, by coach\u2019s (goofy) orders. How to order a latte in Swedish.', u'It finally sank in that she didn\u2019t need every 15 minutes of her day scheduled with activities or training \u2014 tasks she had logged in her daily planner. That life wasn\u2019t meant to be painted by numbers, just as soccer isn\u2019t supposed to be, either.', u'Press started writing a blog, which turned into a fascinating collection of pep talks and life lessons, with quotes from Shakespeare and Kipling and Civil War officers and Victorian poets. She learned to live by the words of Glinda the Good Witch from \u201cThe Wizard of Oz,\u201d who also ', u': You\u2019ve always had the power, Glinda said, but had to learn it for yourself.', u'Press had to go all the way to Sweden to figure that out. Just a few months into her stay, she got her first call-up to the national team. In early 2013, she scored twice in her first game. Now she is not only a staple of the team, but also a big part of its future.', u'\u201cGoing to Sweden was the best thing she could\u2019ve done,\u201d said Jill Ellis, the United States coach.', u'The detour had saved her career but \u2014 more important \u2014 her passion for the game, and competition. In Sweden, Press\u2019s coaches taught her to play with more nuance than she had in the United States. Don\u2019t be so American and shout if you are open, they\u2019d tell her. Just be in the right place.', u'Which is right where she was in the Americans\u2019 opener on Monday.', u'Leroux was dribbling fast down the left side toward the end line, drawing several defenders to her and sending others sprinting back to protect the goal mouth. Sensing Wambach barreling up the middle, Press held back almost imperceptibly, revealing herself in the pocket of space that opened about 12 yards from the goal. The fact that she calmly ', u', rather than blasting a shot, impressed the former United States coach Tony DiCicco, who was calling the game for Fox Sports. \u201cIt\u2019s like a pitcher in baseball,\u201d he said. \u201cShe has not just a fastball, but now a curve and a slider and a changeup.\u201d', u'He added, \u201cWe\u2019re just scratching the surface on how good this kid can be.\u201d', u'Playing in Sweden had taught Press how to execute in that moment, but also something more important: how to savor it.', u'\u201cIt allowed me to play with joy,\u201d she said, \u201cand that\u2019s the most important thing in the end.\u201d']), ([u'Serena Williams Is a Star Who Matches LeBron James, From a Different Court'], [u'This week, Steve Kerr was asked if he thought ', u' was the best active athlete he could think of. After kiddingly throwing out the name of the Triple Crown winner American Pharoah, Kerr, the Golden State Warriors\u2019 coach, added: \u201cNo, I think I said when I was a broadcaster with TNT, I think I might have made the comment that he\u2019s arguably the best athlete that any of us have ever seen in terms of size and speed and strength. I mean, he\u2019s a force.\u201d', u'Kerr was probably thinking in terms of team-sport athletes, and men typically respond to such questions by limiting their selections to, you know, men.', u'But if there is one athlete who is incontestably comparable to James in terms of physicality and \u2014 just as important \u2014 competitive willpower, it would have to be the recently crowned ', u' champion ', u'.', u'While both once struggled with mental approaches that lagged behind their obvious physical advantages, Williams and James have long since moved well beyond early career criticisms to unquestioned environmental dominance. Yet in what amounts to a compelling paradox, they have also managed to cast themselves as quasi underdogs in their latest title-seeking adventures.', u'In Paris, where she claimed her 20th Grand Slam singles title, Williams played a first-time semifinalist, Timea Bacsinszky, and a novice finalist in Lucie Safarova. But while dealing with an illness, Williams staggered around the red clay like a punch-drunk pugilist before seemingly willing herself to move her feet and whack enough winners when she needed them most.', u'In his first season back with the ', u', James is playing in his fifth consecutive N.B.A. finals, after four with Miami, against a Warriors team that has struggled in the spotlight of its first championship series stage. But James has become the sentimental favorite by leading a battered Cavaliers roster against a team that won 67 regular-season games and whose ascension was believed to be imminent after Cleveland lost Kyrie Irving to an injury in a Game 1 overtime defeat.', u'The outcome of the finals remained a tossup Thursday night as the Warriors broke out of their offensive doldrums and won Game 4, 103-82, at Quicken Loans Arena, regaining home-court advantage heading home for Game 5.', u'Respect for James, whether he ultimately wins or loses, had soared to a career high after he dragged his self-proclaimed grit squad to consecutive victories by exhausting himself while serving notice to the Warriors that those pretty high-arcing jump shots they had been winning with all season were not going to be enough.', u'It is amazing how far James has come since the 2011 finals, his first in Miami, when he became a public pi\xf1ata for the way he played \u2014 especially in the fourth quarters \u2014 in a six-game loss to the Dallas Mavericks. One year after his overdone departure from Cleveland, the news media delighted in heaping abuse on James to the point where it became much too excessive.', u'That summer, James went home to Akron, Ohio, and, rather than work on his commercial brand, further developed his back-to-the-basket game, which has allowed him to become much more than the force of nature he was from the moment he stepped on an N.B.A. court. Able to control the flow from the left post, in addition to the offense he could already generate from the perimeter and off the dribble, James developed an attitudinal toughness, the certainty that there really was no preferable way to guard him.', u'Let him back his man in and dictate a more methodical pace, as he has in this series? Or double-team him sooner and allow him to find an open shooter?', u'Kerr chose the second strategy in Game 4. James was limited by Andre Iguodala and company to 20 points after averaging 41 over the first three games. He was left with a headache and lacerations after crashing into a photographer\u2019s camera.', u'He bleeds. He\u2019s human.', u'At 30, James has entered that part of his career \u2014 the period in which Michael Jordan was immortalized \u2014 when he understands the credibility he has earned and the influence he exerts. Better yet, in the moment, he knows that there is no substitute for effort, no matter how big you have become.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re undermanned, we\u2019re undermatched, and we\u2019re fighting,\u201d James said.', u'Jordan was great at that, convincing people and mostly himself that he was the one with the most to overcome. The motivation to do the same physically and mentally draining thing over and over has to come from somewhere.', u'\u201cBeing the sole leader of a team and a franchise, it\u2019s taxing, but I accept the challenge,\u201d James said.', u'Such proclamations occasionally sound melodramatic, even self-absorbed.', u'During Williams\u2019s ', u' travails, more than a few people rolled their eyes at her on-court suffering, as if her muscled appendages should make her immune to viruses and other microscopic invaders.', u'Yes, she plays it for maximum effect, and the argument could be made that it rises to the level of gamesmanship in distracting less-credentialed opponents who want to experience only once what Williams has made routine. But whereas she used to take heat for surrendering to adversity, she is now celebrated for not giving in.', u'And whereas James pulled off his Cavaliers jersey and blew out of Cleveland five years ago because the cast around him wasn\u2019t good enough, he now makes no excuses and sets an example.', u'No question, on paper, the Warriors are the better team, and they looked it for much of Game 4.', u'But as Kerr said: \u201cIt\u2019s the finals. It\u2019s hard. It\u2019s supposed to be.\u201d', u'It\u2019s even harder when you are a first-timer up against an opponent with that aura, muscle and clout. Ask anyone who has in recent years tried to take a third set from ', u'.']), ([u'Pipeline of Young Talent Infuses the Blackhawks'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Andrew Shaw walked into the locker room after the ', u'\u2019 morning skate, looked around and muttered an expletive. Between him and his locker were several dozen members of a news media horde. Shaw had to dodge a boom microphone before he could get his equipment off.', u'Later Wednesday, he acknowledged that the circus might not be all bad, given that there would be no reporters here if Chicago were not vying for a championship.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not the worst thing in the world,\u201d he said. \u201cI guess I should be used to it.\u201d', u'After the ', u' emerged with a 2-1 victory over the ', u' on Wednesday night that tied the series at two games each, Shaw can look forward to another week of crowded locker rooms.', u'The winning goal was scored by Brandon Saad, who, like Shaw, is a relative newcomer to the Blackhawks but is nevertheless accustomed to this stage. Neither played on the 2010 championship team; each made his debut in Chicago in 2011, after the first group in the Blackhawks\u2019 budding dynasty was disbanded because of salary-cap constraints.', u'Their success shows how the Blackhawks have built around their stars, infusing their roster with young talent. Shaw is 23, a year older than Saad. Goaltender Corey Crawford, 30, was another addition after the first Stanley Cup. More reinforcements are on the way: Teuvo Teravainen, 20, and Trevor van Riemsdyk, 23, are getting their first taste of the playoffs, learning as Saad and Shaw once did from a core that includes Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane, Duncan Keith and Marian Hossa.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a good foundation for these players,\u201d Coach Joel Quenneville said, noting that Shaw, Saad and Teravainen had all spent time with the team\u2019s American Hockey League affiliate. \u201cNothing\u2019s given to them. They\u2019ve got to earn it. I think when they come into our team, they\u2019ve got to earn it, as well. They get to watch the top players and learn the right way. Eventually, they grab a little more responsibility.\u201d', u'Saad has enjoyed a coming-out party this postseason, scoring eight goals. His ringing backhanded shot in the third period was the difference in Game 4. Shaw starred two years ago in the Cup finals, when he went toe-to-toe with the 6-foot-9 Bruins defenseman Zdeno Chara and got the better of him, despite giving up nearly a foot.', u'Shaw has had an eclectic postseason this year, most notably head-butting in an overtime goal against the Anaheim Ducks that was disallowed. Against Tampa Bay, he has been his usual pesky self, screening the goalie, drawing penalties and generally bothering the ', u'. He was accused of biting Lightning defenseman Victor Hedman in Game 1.', u'\u201cYou want to be brought into a winning culture, and we try to do that for new guys coming in,\u201d Shaw said. \u201cWe want to show them what it takes to win, so they can learn from it and help newer guys come in after them.\u201d', u'Those fresh Blackhawks, like Teravainen and van Riemsdyk, are making their playoff debuts this season and getting a similar baptism, watching at practice and on the bench, and asking questions of their veteran teammates.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t know if they look up to me. It\u2019s mostly the captain here,\u201d Saad said, referring to Toews. \u201cBut you watch and learn the way he plays and competes and his passion out there. He\u2019s a special player to learn from, and I know me, personally, that\u2019s who I looked up to, and I think the young guys are doing the same.\u201d', u'Van Riemsdyk said the way Blackhawks players carry themselves on the ice is infectious. Teravainen, who is from Finland, said teammates were even helping him with his English. His favorite part of being a Blackhawk, though, is \u201cthe winning, of course,\u201d he said.', u'Chicago will have difficult decisions to make this off-season with another salary-cap crunch looming. The stalwart defenseman Johnny Oduya is a free agent, as is the sturdy role player Marcus Kruger. Saad will be a restricted free agent this summer, while Shaw can test the market in 2016. All are due raises, and the Blackhawks may have to return to their pipeline and hope it continues to deliver. Quenneville does not appear to mind.', u'\u201cIn the organization, there\u2019s some upside for these younger guys,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd that\u2019s good for the future of the team.\u201d']), ([u'World Cup Organizers Have a Reason to Root for the Home Team'], [u'OTTAWA \u2014  The organizers of the Women\u2019s World Cup in Canada are hoping that the home team and the United States enjoy good tournaments, but not necessarily for reasons of patriotism or cordial relations with neighbors.', u'Based on ticket sales to date, the long-term survival of at least one of the teams will probably be necessary for the tournament to reach its ticket-sales target of 1.5 million.', u'As of this week, sales had reached about one million tickets. But 95 percent of those tickets were sold to North American buyers.', u'\u201cTo get to our goal of 1.5 million is going to take some great matches,\u201d said Peter Montopoli, the chief executive of the national organizing committee. \u201cIf you look at this in sequence, it\u2019s not one thing, it\u2019s a lot of things. But we need Canada and the U.S. to get to the medal rounds.\u201d', u'The opening matches at the six Canadian venues have had a mixed attendance record. Commonwealth Stadium in Edmonton drew 53,058 spectators for its opening-day doubleheader, which included Canada\u2019s first game. But Montreal, which has more than three times the population of Edmonton, managed to lure only 10,175 people to its cavernous Olympic Stadium for a game between South Korea and Brazil on Tuesday night.', u'While Mr. Montopoli and other organizers are counting on interest to grow as the tournament progresses to the knockout rounds, it has been handicapped to some degree by Toronto\u2019s exclusion. Not only is Toronto Canada\u2019s largest city by far, it also has the country\u2019s largest soccer-specific stadium, BMO Field. The Women\u2019s World Cup was effectively crowded out of Toronto by the ', u', which open there in July.', u'While Ottawa, the national capital and a host city, is also in Ontario, it is a five-hour drive from Toronto. Valerie Hughes, the venue general manager for Ottawa, said that although some fans had made the drive from Toronto or points farther west, they were an exception. Most ticket buyers, she said, have been local residents or fans who have made the trip up from New York State, the nearest point of which is only an hour away by car.', u'Like many of her counterparts in other host cities, Ms. Hughes said that Ottawa had a lot of game-day ticket sales at its newly renovated stadium, where workmen were still busy completing landscaping this week.', u'Despite their home city\u2019s exclusion, The Toronto Star and The Globe and Mail have given the World Cup prominent coverage. But the Globe\u2019s main sports columnist, Cathal Kelly, recently stoked one of Canada\u2019s unifying forces \u2014 anti-Toronto sentiment \u2014 by ', u' ', u' of the World Cup.', u'\u201cThis outrageous oversight does allow me to write the most unlikely sentence ever printed in this newspaper: The real victim here is Toronto,\u201d Mr. Kelly wrote, adding that the world would be expecting to see Toronto host games during the World Cup \u201cbecause that\u2019s the city that matters.\u201d', u'\u201cIt may hurt to hear it,\u201d he continued, \u201cbut it doesn\u2019t make it less true.\u201d', u'Moncton, in New Brunswick, is in all respects the antithesis of Toronto. Its metropolitan population is just 138,644, compared with 5.8 million people in Toronto. Unlike many of the other host cities, it is also distant from any major American city.', u'That poses particular challenges for ticket sales.', u'Stephane Delisle, Moncton\u2019s general manager, said that a driving radius of three to five hours from Moncton was needed to capture one million people. Offsetting this challenge somewhat is that even with additional temporary seating, the Moncton stadium has room for only 13,000 people.', u'The city\u2019s opening match, which FIFA said drew 11,686 people despite rain and wind, was between England and France. Moncton is in the heart of the Acadian settlements, from which most of the French population was deported by the British in the 18th century to colonies in what is now the United States. Over time, Acadians resettled in the area, but the history, and some resentment, lingers.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a gift,\u201d Mr. Delisle said of being able to host an England-France match. \u201cWe\u2019re blessed to have it, given the cultural heritage of Moncton.\u201d', u'Montreal\u2019s initial poor showing has been the biggest surprise and disappointment of the opening days. Although Olympic Stadium is not loved by fans, the city has a long-established reputation for luring sporting crowds. Montreal and Quebec City, for example, are the only North American stops for professional cycling\u2019s WorldTour.', u'Yet in the days leading up to the opening of the Women\u2019s World Cup, banners and other promotional items were far less visible in Montreal than in Ottawa or Edmonton.', u'Mr. Montopoli attributed that to last weekend\u2019s Formula One auto race, the only sports event that matches the Montreal Canadiens in the city. He said that promising advance sales for upcoming matches, particularly Canada\u2019s final group-stage game Monday, have led to the offering of higher-level seats for sale.', u'\u201cThe Formula One race is over,\u201d he said. \u201cNow it\u2019s our turn.\u201d']), ([u'2015 Women\u2019s World Cup: Norway Holds Top-Ranked Germany to a Tie'], [u'Maren Mjelde, right, scored on a free kick in the 61st minute to help NORWAY tie top-ranked GERMANY, 1-1, in Ottawa. Anja Mittag put Germany ahead in the sixth minute, chipping in a rebound.', u'Lisi Wang scored in stoppage time in the second half to lift CHINA to a 1-0 win over THE NETHERLANDS in Edmonton.', u'Thanatta Chawong scored in the 75th minute, a goal that proved to be the winner in THAILAND\u2019s 3-2 victory over IVORY COAST in Ottawa.', u'CANADA, the host, managed just a 0-0 tie against NEW ZEALAND in Edmonton. Canada remained on top of Group A, but has only one goal in two games.', u'After allowing an early goal, Ingrid Hjelmseth made seven saves to help Norway withstand a potent German attack. The Germans had 27 shots (eight on goal) while Norway had just four.', u'Pia Sundhage, the former United States coach who is now with her native Sweden, spent a portion of her news conference Thursday discussing comments she made in a ', u', some of which were seen as critical. She explained some of her comments but also reiterated some points, referring to goalkeeper Hope Solo as \u201ca piece of work\u201d but also as \u201cthe best goalkeeper in the world.\u201d None of the American players responded directly to Sundhage\u2019s comments, instead giving her mostly pleasant reviews. \u201cShe really brings the best out in players,\u201d midfielder Tobin Heath said, \u201cbecause she\u2019s so positive and encouraging.\u201d', u' ', u'The UNITED STATES will play its most anticipated match of the group stage on Friday, against SWEDEN and Coach Pia Sundhage, who led the Americans from 2008 to 2012. After a surprising 3-3 draw with Nigeria, the Swedes will most likely be feeling some pressure to earn a victory.', u'CAMEROON, which opened with a 6-0 victory over Ecuador, has a much more difficult test against JAPAN, the defending champion.']), ([u'Warriors Even NBA Finals, Beat Cavaliers 103-82 in Game 4'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Stephen Curry shook off Iman Shumpert with a dribble, stepped back behind the line and splashed a 3-pointer that seemed to submerge a mute button on rocking and rolling Quicken Loans Arena.', u'Curry clenched both fists, slapped his chest and yelled, "C\'mon!"', u'At last, this was the MVP and these were the Golden State Warriors \u2014 so deep, so deadly.', u"Curry and Andre Iguodala scored 22 points apiece and the Warriors, showing why they were the league's best team all season, squared the NBA Finals at 2-2 on Thursday night with a 103-82 victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers.", u"Game 5 is Sunday night at Oakland's rambunctious Oracle Arena, where the teams split two overtime games last week. This wasn't desperation for the Warriors, but it was close as none of the 32 teams which have fallen behind 3-1 in the finals has won a title.", u'"Tonight we came in with the mentality that we had to win this game," said Curry.', u'So they did. These guys are California cool.', u'"We played desperate out there, man," Klay Thompson said. "We played real hungry. It was just awesome to come out here and impose our will on both sides of the ball and play our brand of basketball. That\'s what\'s been winning us games all year."', u"LeBron James scored 20 points \u2014 21 under his average in the series \u2014 with 12 rebounds and eight assists, but Cleveland's megastar, who needed stitches to close a cut on his head sustained when banged it into a camera in the first half, didn't score in the fourth quarter and couldn't do enough for the undermanned Cavaliers.", u'Timofey Mozgov led Cleveland with 28 points and guard Matthew Dellavedova, again battling leg cramps after a hospital stay for dehydration, had 10.', u"The Cavs shot just 2 of 18 from the field and were outscored 27-12 in the fourth quarter. They also got nothing from their bench as J.R. Smith missed all eight 3-point attempts and Cleveland's reserves combined to score seven points.", u'"Offensively we were terrible," James said, noting the Cavs were 4 of 27 on 3-pointers. "Sometimes your offense just doesn\'t show up."', u"Missing All-Stars Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving, the Cavs didn't have enough firepower and their legs were heavy after playing three games in five days against a team that comes in waves.", u"The Cavs looked tired, and played tired. But they're not done yet.", u'"We\'re in a three-game series for the NBA Finals," coach David Blatt said. "Six months ago I would have bought that. We\'ve got to go back to the drawing board, go back to work, play the best basketball we can and try to win this thing."', u"Building off a strong fourth quarter in Game 3 that gave them confidence, the Warriors showed a sense of urgency from the outset and took it to the Cavs. Iguodala, who played so well coming off the bench in the first three games, made his first start this season and made coach Steve Kerr's decision look brilliant.", u'Known for his defense, Iguodala drained four 3-pointers, kept James in check and Curry, who finally found his range in the fourth quarter of Game 3, also dropped four 3s, including a deep dagger in the fourth over Shumpert to end any thought the Cavs had of a comeback.', u'Iguodala said he tried to make things tough on James, who went 7 of 22 from the field and 5 of 10 from the free-throw line.', u'"Make him work as hard as possible," Iguodala said of his plan on James. "Make him take tough shots. You look at his strengths, you look at his weaknesses, and you try to take him out of his comfort zone. Sounds easier said than done, but we all have a lot of talent and when we go out there we want to make our stamp on the game."', u"Draymond Green added 17 points and Harrison Barnes had 14 for Golden State, which didn't lose three straight games all season while racking up 67 wins.", u'Since losing Game 3, the Warriors vowed to use the experience they gained when rallying from a 2-1 deficit against Memphis in the Western Conference semifinals.', u'"It\'s just a street fight," Green said. "Nobody\'s doing anything dirty, but they\'re battling and we\'re battling and that\'s why this series is so exciting."', u'Looking for a spark, Kerr decided to go "small" with his starting lineup, putting Iguodala at forward, moving Green to center and benching struggling big man Andrew Bogut. Kerr initially said he wouldn\'t make any changes, but went with a lineup that worked well late in Game 3, when the Warriors scored 36 points and trimmed a 20-point deficit to one.', u'Shortly before tip-off, Kerr told reporters he was sticking with his usual first five.', u'"I lied," he said. "I don\'t think they hand you the trophy based on morality. They give it to you if you win. Sorry about that."', u"Kerr got the result he wanted, but only after the Warriors withstood an early flurry from the Cavs, who scored the game's first seven points.", u'"You\'ve got to take a chance with the situation we were in tonight," Curry said.', u"Golden State's ball movement was better, the shots that didn't drop in the first three games were on the mark, and the Warriors are headed home feeling much better about things.", u'And looking more like themselves \u2014 the team to beat.']), ([u"Judge Orders Prosecutors to Unseal Blazer's Plea Agreement"], [u'(Reuters) - A judge has ordered federal prosecutors to unseal the plea agreement between former FIFA executive committee member Chuck Blazer and the U.S. government.', u'Media outlets last week asked that the plea agreement be unsealed.', u"U.S. District Judge Raymond J. Dearie's stayed his order until Monday, giving prosecutors time to unseal the agreement or appeal his decision.", u'Dearie gave the government until Friday to apply to redact any portion of the agreement.', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u"Pujols, Trout Homer in Angels' Win"], [u'ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. \u2014  Albert Pujols hit his 537th home run Thursday night to move ahead of Mickey Mantle into 16th place on the all-time list and complete the scoring for the Los Angeles Angels in a 6-2 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays.', u"Pujols' 17th home run of the season, which came in the ninth inning off Preston Guilmet, was his 1,122nd extra-base hit, tying Manny Ramirez for 14th place in that category. The 35-year-old first baseman has 1,635 RBIs, one short of Ernie Banks who is 29th on the all-time list.", u'Mike Trout drove in two runs with his 17th home run and a double.', u"Trout, who had three straight hits, hit his sixth homer in 11 games off Rays starter Alex Colome for the Angels' first run. Trout's two-out double off Brad Boxberger drove in another run in the seventh after rookie Kyle Kubitza's single had given Los Angeles its first lead of the game, 3-2.", u"Pujols' home run was his second of the series and ninth in 13 games.", u'Garrett Richards (6-4) pitched seven innings for the Angels, giving up two runs and four hits while striking out seven.', u'Former Angel Kevin Jepsen (1-4) took the loss after giving up all three runs in the decisive seventh.', u"Steven Souza Jr.'s 12th home run gave the Rays a 2-0 lead in the second after Richards walked Logan Forsythe. That score stood until Trout's homer in the sixth.", u'Colome gave up one run and four hits while striking out four in 5 1/3 innings.', u'The Angels had 14 hits in winning for only the second time in eight games.', u"Joey Butler had two of the Rays' five hits.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Angels: 1B C.J. Cron's left hand was sore after being struck by a pitch Wednesday night. He grounded out as a pinch-hitter in the ninth.", u'Rays: LHP Drew Smyly began sock tossing Thursday, the first step in his return from a torn labrum. Smyly is not eligible to come off the DL until July 5 and might miss the rest of the season.', u'UP NEXT', u'Angels:  LHP Hector Santiago (4-3) will face Oakland in the opener of a five-game homestand Friday night.', u"Rays:  The starter for Friday night's home game against the Chicago White Sox has yet to be announced. He will replace RHP Jake Odorizzi, who left Sunday's game with a strained left oblique."]), ([u'Cuddyer Lifts Mets Over Giants 5-4 to Prevent 3-Game Sweep'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Michael Cuddyer singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning, and the New York Mets beat the San Francisco Giants 5-4 Thursday night to prevent a three-game sweep.', u'Curtis Granderson scored twice and drove in a run to help the Mets win on a 91-degree night when chants of "Let\'s go Giants!" rang out at Citi Field. New York beat the defending World Series champions for only the second time in the past 11 meetings, rebounding from a pair of humbling losses to start the series.', u'San Francisco rookie Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter in the opener, and Mets ace Matt Harvey was hit hard again the following night. So when New York finally pulled this one out, no doubt it was a relief.', u"Sergio Romo (0-3) hit Granderson in the back on an 0-2 pitch with one out in the ninth. Granderson advanced to second on Andrew Susac's passed ball and third on Juan Lagares' groundout before Lucas Duda was intentionally walked.", u'Cuddyer, who had a go-ahead double in the fifth, stroked a sharp single into center field and raised his arm as he headed for first base, just ahead of the swarm of teammates that chased him down to celebrate.', u'Jeurys Familia (2-0) pitched a scoreless inning for the win.', u'Jonathon Niese entered 0-4 with a 7.96 ERA in his last five starts but gave the Mets a second consecutive encouraging outing.', u"The left-hander retired 12 in a row before substitute third baseman Eric Campbell committed a two-out error in the sixth. Brandon Crawford followed with his ninth homer, a long drive into the Giants' bullpen in right-center that gave San Francisco a 4-3 lead.", u'Niese, who went seven innings, has yielded 11 unearned runs in 12 starts this season. New York has made 13 errors with Niese on the mound, most for any National League team behind one pitcher.', u"Hunter Strickland gave up three straight Mets hits to the start the seventh, including a leadoff double by pinch-hitter Darrell Ceciliani and Granderson's tying single.", u"Tim Lincecum held the Mets hitless until Travis d'Arnaud blooped an RBI double with two outs in the fourth. Niese opened the fifth with a double to deep center and scored on Duda's sacrifice fly. Cuddyer put the Mets up 3-2 with a two-out RBI double.", u'Looking to win his seventh straight decision against New York, Lincecum was lifted after 4 2-3 innings.', u"The first four batters reached safely against Niese, and San Francisco scored on Buster Posey's run-scoring single and Justin Maxwell's double-play grounder.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Giants: All-Star outfielder Hunter Pence (left wrist tendinitis) missed his seventh straight game and did not take any swings. Giants manager Bruce Bochy said the team will make a decision about putting Pence on the disabled list when it returns home Friday to play Arizona. "Still in a holding pattern with him," Bochy said. A potential replacement from the minors will be ready to meet the club in San Francisco, Bochy said. ... RHP Jake Peavy (back strain) was scheduled to throw about 85 pitches in a rehab start for Triple-A Sacramento. He\'ll probably make at least one more before the Giants decide whether to activate him from the DL, Bochy said. ... RHP Matt Cain (flexor tendon strain) was slated to throw a bullpen and then make his next rehab start Monday for Sacramento. He probably needs at least three more rehab starts to get ready, Bochy said.', u'Mets: Former closer Bobby Parnell (Tommy John surgery) and 2B Dilson Herrera (broken finger tip) were activated from the disabled list. RHP Dillon Gee was placed on the bereavement list following the death of his grandmother, and INF Ruben Tejada went on the paternity leave list after the birth of his daughter. ... Rookie C Kevin Plawecki (dizziness) was having more tests and seeing another doctor, GM Sandy Alderson said. ... LHP Jerry Blevins (broken left arm) is healing but is not yet ready to throw. "But I think he\'s pretty much on track," Alderson said.', u'UP NEXT', u'Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (7-2) faces Chase Anderson (1-1) and the Diamondbacks on Friday night. San Francisco has lost its last five home games.', u'Mets: Bartolo Colon (8-4) starts the opener of a three-game series against Alex Wood (4-3) and the Atlanta Braves.']), ([u'Montero, Fowler Power Cubs Past Reds'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Miguel Montero and Dexter Fowler each homered, and the Chicago Cubs ended the banged-up Cincinnati Reds' four-game winning streak with a 6-3 victory Thursday night.", u'With the rebuilt right-field bleachers filled with fans for the first time this season, the Cubs won for the fourth time in five games.', u"Montero's three-run homer in the first off Michael Lorenzen (1-2) gave Chicago an early lead, and Fowler's third-inning drive put the Cubs in front 4-2.", u'Kris Bryant added an RBI double in the fifth for the Cubs, who overcame a rough night from their starting pitcher.', u"Tsuyoshi Wada was coming off his worst start with the Cubs when he allowed five runs in 3 2-3 innings on June 5 in Washington, and he wasn't much better Thursday. He allowed three runs and four hits in three-plus innings before being replaced by Travis Wood (3-2) following Chris Dominguez's home run to begin the fourth.", u"Wood pitched 2 1-3 innings and was one of five Chicago relievers that combined to throw six scoreless innings and in one stretch retire 14 consecutive batters. Hector Rondon, whose status as Chicago's closer has come into doubt, saved his 11th game in 14 attempts.", u'Dominguez was recalled earlier Thursday from Triple-A Louisville to help the increasingly injured Reds.', u'Already with a rash of injuries, the Reds were playing their first game without Zack Cozart after the shortstop was ruled out for the season with a torn tendon and two ligaments. He was hurt trying to beat out a grounder Wednesday against Philadelphia. Along with Cozart, the Reds were missing opening-day starters Marlon Byrd (right wrist), Billy Hamilton (left wrist), Devin Mesoraco (hip), and Brandon Phillips (left groin).', u'To replace Cozart, Eugenio Suarez was recalled from Louisville and went 1 for 3.', u'Lorenzen went 4 1-3 innings, allowing five hits, six runs \u2014 five earned \u2014 while walking three and striking out six. He also had a two-out triple in the second against Wada, bringing in Brayan Pena and Suarez.', u"Pena's second-inning single gave him hits in seven consecutive plate appearances.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Reds: Manager Bryan Price said Phillips is day to day, and that he anticipated seeing Hamilton in the lineup Friday if his workouts went well Thursday. . Mesoraco played left field but departed from Wednesday's game early during his rehab assignment at Triple-A Louisville due to soreness. Price said the team might have to reevaluate whether he can physically play the outfield.", u"Cubs: Manager Joe Maddon said he hasn't heard anything new on RHP Neil Ramirez (right shoulder).", u'UP NEXT', u'Reds RHP Johnny Cueto (4-4, 2.64) faces Chicago RHP Jason Hammel (5-2, 2.76). Entering Thursday, Hammel (0.893) and Cueto (0.945) were the top two in the NL in walks and hits per innings pitched.']), ([u'Brewers Rally From 4 Down, Beat Nationals 6-5'], [u"MILWAUKEE \u2014  Scooter Gennett drove in the go-ahead run with a two-out single in the bottom of the eighth, capping the Milwaukee Brewers' rally from a four-run deficit for a 6-5 win Thursday night over the Washington Nationals.", u"Gennett's bouncer trickled just inside the third-base bag and into left to drive home Shane Peterson from third. A throwing error by second baseman Anthony Rendon that allowed Peterson to reach two batters earlier proved costly for reliever Aaron Barrett (3-2).", u'Gennett smiled when he reached first. It was his first game back in the majors since being sent down to Triple-A for 17 games to work on his swing.', u'Will Smith (2-0) pitched a scoreless top of the eighth \u2014 ending that inning by picking off Bryce Harper \u2014 for the win in his first appearance since returning from a six-game suspension for being caught with foreign substance on his arm.']), ([u'Vidal and Vargas Lead Chile to Opening Copa Victory'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Second-half goals from Arturo Vidal and Eduardo Vargas gave hosts Chile a 2-0 victory over Ecuador in the opening match of the Copa America on Thursday.', u'Vidal scored from the penalty spot in the 67th minute after being pulled down by Miller Bolanos before Vargas latched on to a pass from Alexis Sanchez to double Chile\u2019s lead with a low right-foot shot six minutes from time.', u'Ecuador\u2019s best chance came from an Enner Valencia header that bounced back off the crossbar with the score still at 1-0.', u'Despite their victory, the Chileans created very little for much of the tie and will need to improve if they are realise their hope of a first Copa America title at the 37th attempt.', u'They face Mexico in their next match on Monday.', u'The Mexicans take on Bolivia on Friday in their Group A opener before heavyweights Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay, the defending champions, get their campaigns underway over their weekend.', u'Sanchez could have had two goals inside the first four minutes at Santiago\u2019s national stadium but scuffed his first effort and then failed to beat goalkeeper Alexander Dominguez with a lob.', u'With the match goalless at halftime, Chile coach Jorge Sampaoli threw on Napoli striker Vargas in a bid to break the deadlock.', u'The change seemed to breathe life into the Chilean front line and they gradually took control as the game opened up before running out deserved winners.', u"Chile's win extended their fine run against the Ecuadorians at the Copa America.", u'In 14 encounters dating back to 1939, Chile have won 12 and found the back of the net on all 14 occasions. They have no better record against any other side in the tournament.', u'Ecuador have now won only one of their last 16 Copa matches in a dismal run dating back to 1999. They face Bolivia next.', u'(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u"The Racer's View of Le Mans"], [u'LONDON \u2014  The Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race starts on Saturday, with Porsche and Toyota the main challengers to champions Audi.', u"Britain's Martin Brundle, a winner with Jaguar in 1990 and who last raced at the Sarthe circuit with his son Alex in 2012, talked to Reuters about his experience of the weekend as a driver and spectator.", u'- - - -', u'"It\'s a huge event and a festival. Everybody\u2019s camping in the middle. The track is mildly terrifying at all times and especially in the\xa0middle of the night, in the rain, with oil on it or gravel or pieces of other car. It\u2019s a scary racetrack. You don\u2019t have too many small accidents there, they always tend to be big. And that\u2019s a nice challenge I think.', u'"There\u2019s also that lovely satisfaction of triple-stinting. You become at one with the car and you start to work the traffic. Le Mans is all about working the traffic, at the end of the day, and not having unscheduled pitstops. If you have an unscheduled pitstop, because you\u2019ve bumped into somebody or had a reliability issue, you\u2019re almost certainly not going to win it these days because somebody will have a trouble free run.', u'"It\u2019s just the immensity of it. What is it -- 5,000km or 3,500 miles in a day? It\u2019s extraordinary. If you look at the number of people in a team, and 28 scheduled pitstops or something like that, the logistics make F1 look puny.', u'"The satisfaction of getting over the line in a 24 hour race is quite something. It\u2019s a 36 hour race anyway, if you finish it, because you\u2019ve got the warm-up early on Saturday morning and then quite a long procedure through the day before you start the race. Everybody is exhausted.', u'"I don\u2019t normally sleep during a 24 hour race because I don\u2019t like to. And it\u2019s so damn noisy in the middle of the track.', u'"One of the most awe-inspiring things I see on any given year of motorsport, other than the Isle of Man TT which caps everything, is an Audi in the middle of the night going through the Porsche curves... because it makes very little noise. But everybody thinks that\'s fantastic. Nobody criticises that at all because it\'s such an immense thing and so fast.', u'"You\'ve got to share the car. That\'s a massive difference between a single-seater and a sportscar role. In a single-seater your first job is to destroy your team mate. In a sportscar role, you\u2019ve got to work with him. When you tally up all the averages on a Tuesday after the event, you still want to be the best in your car and best in your team. But at the same time you\u2019ve got to work with this guy and have a trust.', u'"My son was racing in it last year and I took some of his sponsors out and about half an hour before the race started we walked out to find a perch in the first few corners and there wasn\u2019t a square centimetre of anything available on the ground to watch from. So we ended up paying 20 euros (14.50 pounds) each, for nine of us, to get up onto a fairground truck.', u'"My son was doing the middle of the night stint and I went out with my daughter at three o\'clock in the morning to watch it. First of all, it terrified me to watch him going flat out through Tertre Rouge onto the back straight. But there was a point where we couldn\u2019t get near the fence because there were so many people there. We had to wait our turn.', u'"It\u2019s got phases; the build-up, the start, then it settles down and you start getting into the pitstops and then the night falls, the night, sunrise. But at sunrise, you\u2019ve still got eight or nine hours of racing to go."', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'After Crash in Volvo Ocean Race, a Team Shifts Its Focus and an Event Changes Its Rules '], [u'Even though Chris Nicholson entered the ', u' only two months before the start last October, his four races\u2019 worth of experience made him a favorite in the around-the-world event. He believed he could win.', u'Nicholson, a champion sailor from Australia, had to recalibrate his aspirations after his Team Vestas Wind VOR 65 race boat crashed into a wave-swept reef in the Indian Ocean on the second leg of the race. The crash tore off the back of the boat.', u'The team rebuilt the boat in four months and rejoined the fleet last weekend in Lisbon for the final two legs of the 39,000-nautical-mile race. Nicholson\u2019s second-place finish in Lorient, France, this week behind the all-women crew of Team SCA confirmed his high hopes for Team Vestas Wind\u2019s return, although he said last week that two podium finishes would be bittersweet.', u'\u201cEveryone on our team has a lot of pride,\u201d Nicholson said the day before the start of this week\u2019s race from Lisbon to Lorient. \u201cIf we do show our potential, it will probably hurt even more, knowing we could have done well and had a chance to win the event.\u201d', u'Team Abu Dhabi finished third in Lorient behind Team Vestas Wind, extending its overall lead in the race. Lessons learned from the Vestas team\u2019s accident have been put into effect in the race, and navigational improvements will probably make their way to the average boater in the future.', u'On Nov. 29, the boat was reaching nearly 20 miles per hour when it drove into the Cargados Carajos Shoals, an atoll 200 miles from Mauritius. The crew of nine was unhurt and left stranded on the reef. The stranded members were assisted by Team Alvimedica and were rescued after a harrowing night in breaking waves and razor-sharp coral.', u'It took a month for Vestas, the sponsor, to commit to rejoining the race. The decision was made to painstakingly remove the mangled boat from the reef and rebuild it in half the original build time at Persico Marine in Genoa, Italy.', u'\u201cWe knew that our story could not end on that reef,\u201d Morten Kamp Jorgensen, the team\u2019s communications director, said in an interview this week. \u201cWe reshuffled our budgets and organization. This was a race to ensure that Vestas will be remembered as a team that overcame challenges.\u201d', u'An inquiry into the accident revealed that the navigator, Wouter Verbraak, had not zoomed in enough on the boat\u2019s navigation system to see the exposed reef. Investigators found that \u201cat different times the navigator zoomed in on the electronic chart and came to the same incorrect conclusion.\u201d', u'Since the inquiry, small changes have been made to the race\u2019s rules. Officials have said there will be more.', u'\u201cWe became more aware of the zoom levels, for sure,\u201d the race\u2019s director, Jack Lloyd, said in a phone interview from Lorient this week. \u201cWe have recommended strongly that teams install different charting systems with more information. Each chart has what the manufacturer wants, but there are differences.\u201d', u'Lloyd said that all navigators chose their own navigation software but that all the boats were provided with C-Map digital charts. According to the inquiry, the Cargados Carajos Shoals were not seen at the most zoomed-out display level. The race recommends that digital maps show reefs and islands at all levels of display, and Lloyd said the race was working with C-Map on such changes, which may eventually affect the average sailor.', u'\u201cWe are also reassessing the level of competency on each boat,\u201d said Lloyd, who has been the race director since 2008.', u'The accident highlighted the heavy reliance on electronic navigation, he said, although the race provides paper charts for all the seas the boats will be racing.', u'\u201cBut they\u2019re stopping printing of paper charts, and some are quite old,\u201d Lloyd said. \u201cSome say they are not accurate, but digital charts have problems, too.\u201d', u'Paper charts and the race-provided sextant are age-old navigation tools that are good backups, Lloyd said \u2014 if the sailors know how to use them.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s funny; it\u2019s a new way forward,\u201d he said. \u201cWe have to make sure the skills are there. There\u2019s something useful about being able to spread out a whole chart of the Pacific and see every island.\u201d', u'Nicholson is no stranger to high-seas calamity. In the 2005-6 race, he tried to connect power to underwater bilge pumps before abandoning the sinking Spanish entry Movistar in the North Atlantic.', u'Nicholson said there were obvious technological changes to be made to help prevent the human error that had led to the grounding of Team Vestas Wind.', u'\u201cThere has to also be an impact on the boating community purely from the story of the accident,\u201d he said. \u201cThe sheer example of it will help prevent these accidents.\u201d', u'Nicholson said he still felt pressure in the race, even though a top-three finish was out of reach.', u'\u201cBut that goes with the territory,\u201d he said. \u201cI don\u2019t think we can have more pressure during the race than we had getting the boat here.\u201d']), ([u"Le Mans, the Petrolhead's Pilgrimage"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Nobody could accuse Le Mans organisers of over-selling their big event.', u'The official website for the 24 hours sportscar race (', u') describes it, in advice aimed at British visitors, as "like a motor racing Glastonbury (music) festival -- noisy, dirty and smelly -- but fantastic fun."', u'If the sort of celebrities who frequent the Monaco Formula One grid would wrinkle their noses at the basic toilet facilities and crowded campsites, then no matter.', u'This weekend, at least, the cathedral city in western France can claim legitimately to be hosting the biggest sporting event in the world.', u"The Sarthe circuit has been a pilgrimage for petrolheads since the 1920s -- when the wealthy British 'Bentley Boys' won four years in a row -- and this year a quarter of a million people are expected.", u'Many of them, in what regulars only half-jokingly refer to as the biggest British invasion of France since the D-Day landings, will make the journey from the other side of the Channel.', u'"When you get to Calais or Le Havre there\u2019s just a queue of British cars going to Le Mans, it\u2019s just a huge week out," says  retired triple winner Allan McNish.', u'"It\u2019s a festival atmosphere. It\u2019s like a pilgrimage to go back every year. It\u2019s all the social side, like a rock festival, and the race just happens to be going on," the Scot told Reuters.', u'With Porsche mounting a determined factory challenge to champions Audi, along with Toyota and Nissan, 2015 promises to be a classic.', u'The cars are the stars but many of the drivers will be familiar to Formula One fans.', u"Former Red Bull driver Mark Webber and current Force India racer Nico Hulkenberg are in the Porsche ranks while Austrian Alex Wurz and Britain's endurance world champion Anthony Davidson are with Toyota.", u"Denmark's nine times winner Tom Kristensen has retired but the Audi trio of Swiss Marcel Fassler, German Andre Lotterer and Frenchman Benoit Treluyer are chasing their fourth victory after winning last year.", u'"I do think Le Mans is doing something right because it\u2019s not only attracting the manufacturers, which also attracts the drivers, but it\u2019s also attracting the fans," said McNish, a winner with Audi and Porsche.', u'"It has got something and it\'s building something," added the former Toyota F1 racer.', u'"It doesn\'t want to challenge Formula One, and I don\u2019t think it should or can, but certainly it is the evolving market place.', u'"All of the things they have been building for quite a long period of time are actually starting to bear fruit and people are sitting up and taking notice."', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Stanton Hits 22nd Homer to Help Marlins Beat Rockies 6-0'], [u'MIAMI \u2014  Giancarlo Stanton drove in four runs with his 22nd homer and a 40-foot single, and the Miami Marlins broke a three-game losing streak Thursday night by beating Colorado 6-0.', u'David Phelps (3-3), rocked by the Rockies at Coors Field last week, pitched a career-high eight innings, allowing four hits. Chris Rusin (2-1), who beat Phelps last week, gave up 11 hits and six runs in 5 1-3 innings.', u'Stanton came into the game leading the majors in home runs and RBIs, and he pulled a liner into the Rockies bullpen for a three-run homer in the first inning. It was only his second homer this year with more than one runner on base.', u'Stanton drove in another run in the second with two-out swinging bunt that rolled to a stop on the foul line. He has 13 homers and 41 RBIs in 35 career games against Colorado.']), ([u"Gonzalez Solid, Rangers Struggle Against A's Kazmir"], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Chi Chi Gonzalez's string of scoreless innings to begin his major league career ended in the first inning of the Texas pitcher's latest start.", u"It didn't take long for the Rangers' rookie to start another one.", u"Gonzalez bounced back nicely from his opening stumble but Texas couldn't get anything going offensively against Scott Kazmir and lost 7-0 to Oakland on Thursday afternoon.", u'"He gave up that run, settled in and threw the ball very well," Rangers manager Jeff Banister said. "You can\'t take anything away from him. He was in control out there."', u'Gonzalez (2-1) gave up one run, eight hits and three walks in seven innings. He had entered with 14 2-3 scoreless innings in the major leagues and was trying to become the first Texas pitcher to win his first three big league starts.', u"The Texas right-hander allowed Ben Zobrist's RBI single in the first but shut the A's down from there despite pitching with runners on base in all but two of the innings he worked.", u'"It\'s been a great ride throwing up zeros," Gonzalez said. "The first inning I was only working one side of the plate but when I got back to using both sides, it worked out."', u"Gonzalez definitely made an impression on A's manager Bob Melvin, who spent part of his postgame press conference praising the Rangers' young pitcher.", u'"Every time we got some traffic out there, he seemed to get better," Melvin said. "I know they like him a lot."', u"Kazmir (3-4) allowed one hit in eight innings to end a nine-start winless streak. He retired 13 of his first 14 batters around a second-inning walk by Adam Rosales and didn't allow a hit until Elvis Andrus' one-out single to center in the fifth.", u"Texas' only other runner was Prince Fielder, who walked leading off the seventh.", u'The Rangers have been shut out three times this season \u2014 all in Oakland and twice in games started by Kazmir.', u'"For some reason Kazmir always seems to pitch well against us," Banister said. "He was able to use his cutter, and his secondary pitches were giving us fits."', u'Oakland shortstop Marcus Semien, who leads the majors with 20 errors, snared a liner up the middle from Leonys Martin to end the second. Center fielder Billy Burns made a diving catch to rob Delino DeShields of a potential extra-base hit in the sixth.', u"Burns also made a leaping one-handed grab before crashing into the fence in center on Carlos Corporan's deep fly to end the eighth.", u"The A's broke open the game in a six-run eighth that included a pair of two-run homers, by Mark Canha off Jon Edwards and Josh Reddick against Ross Detwiler.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: Kyle Blanks (cyst) was activated from the disabled list before the game and batted cleanup for Texas. Blanks went 0-for-3 with two strikeouts. ... RHP Spencer Patton was optioned to Triple-A Round Rock to make room for Blanks. ... LHP Mike Kickham was released by Round Rock. ... Reliever Martin Perez pitched 2 2/3 innings in his first rehab assignment since elbow surgery. The left-hander allowed one run and five hits with four strikeouts.', u'Athletics: 1B Ike Davis (strained left quadriceps) will begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville on Friday. ... 2B Eric Sogard (left wrist) was kept out of the starting lineup. ... RHP Edward Mujica (broken thumb) threw a bullpen session without setbacks and could begin a rehab assignment next week.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: LHP Wandy Rodriguez (3-2) faces Minnesota in Texas on Friday looking for his first win in four home starts.', u"Athletics: RHP Jesse Chavez (2-6) starts Friday in Anaheim against the Angels, a team he's beaten just once in four career starts."]), ([u'Orioles Hit 3 HRs to Beat Red Sox 6-5 and Complete Sweep'], [u"BALTIMORE \u2014  Adam Jones hit the first of Baltimore's three home runs off Wade Miley, and the Orioles beat the Boston Red Sox 6-5 Thursday night for their first sweep of the season.", u'Nolan Reimold and Manny Machado also homered for the Orioles, who squeezed out a pair of one-run victories during the three-game series. Baltimore has won a season-high four in a row and six of seven.', u'Miley (5-6) allowed five runs and nine hits over four innings. After finishing the fourth, the left-hander engaged in a heated exchange with manager John Farrell in the dugout. Still screaming, Miley walked into the tunnel with Farrell in pursuit.', u'David Ortiz hit his seventh home run and Pablo Sandoval had two RBIs for Boston. The defeat left the Red Sox seven games under .500 (27-34), matching their low point of the season.', u'Chris Tillman (4-7) gave up four runs in 5 2-3 innings to improve his career record against Boston to 9-3.', u'After Chaz Roe yielded a solo shot to Ortiz in the eighth that made it 6-5, Zach Britton worked the ninth for his 17th save.', u'Baltimore was celebrating the victory when a replay overturned the apparent third out on a close play at first base. Undaunted, Britton struck out Dustin Pedroia to end it.', u'The Orioles executed several defensive gems on Wednesday night and continued the trend in the first inning of this one. Reimold chased down a liner to make a running catch near the left-field wall, and Machado snared a sharp grounder to third before making the throw from the outfield grass.', u'Jones hit his 10th home run in the bottom half, and Steve Pearce added an RBI single in the Baltimore second.', u'Reimold led off the third with his first homer since last August. Jones followed with a double and Delmon Young singled past the drawn-up infield for a 4-0 lead.', u'Tillman retired the first nine Boston batters before the Red Sox loaded the bases with no outs in the fourth. After Mike Napoli delivered a sacrifice fly, Sandoval doubled in two runs.', u'Machado connected in the bottom half to make it 5-3.', u'Sandoval chased Tillman in the sixth with an RBI single, and Baltimore restored its two-run cushion with an unearned run in the seventh.', u'Although the eighth-inning drive by Ortiz went for naught, it ended his run of 69 at-bats without a home run.', u'TRAINERS ROOM', u'Red Sox: OF Shane Victorino, who went on the DL May 24 with a left calf strain, is "getting closer" to beginning a rehab assignment, Farrell said.', u'Orioles: RHP Miguel Gonzalez was placed on the DL with a strained right groin. The injury occurred Tuesday night.', u'ON DECK', u'Red Sox: Boston returns home to face the Toronto Blue Jays on Friday night. Joe Kelly (2-4) starts for the Red Sox, who are 15-14 at Fenway Park and 12-20 on the road.', u'Orioles: Ubaldo Jimenez (3-3) takes the mound against the first-place New York Yankees in the opener of a three-game set at Camden Yards.']), ([u'Amid Fireworks and Razzmatazz, Copa America Kicks Off'], [u"SANTIAGO \u2014  South America's top football competition kicked off on Thursday amid fireworks and razzmatazz, as football fans across the continent tried to forget the corruption scandals plaguing the sport and concentrate on events on the pitch.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The 44th edition of the Copa America opened in Santiago's national stadium ahead of hosts Chile's opening Group A match against Ecuador.", u'Twelve huge helium balloons, emblazoned with the flags of the countries taking part, rose into the night sky and descended on to the pitch, bringing with them 12 dancers kitted out in the colours of the teams.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The heads of national and continental football associations kept a relatively low profile. There were no speeches. Football executives across the region have come under fire in recent weeks following arrests and raids in the United States and Switzerland.', u'U.S. prosecutors have made several charges of bribery linked directly to the Copa America. Of the 14 people indicted, eight are South Americans and two are former presidents of Conmebol, the continental football federation.', u'The U.S. Department of Justice says an international marketing company paid hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes to members of the 10 Conmebol federations to secure television rights to this and other tournaments.', u'There has been some speculation that many of the world\u2019s football chiefs might steer clear of the tournament to avoid public anger.', u'"I don\'t know who\'ll be here from FIFA and Conmebol and who won\'t," said Chilean Harold Mayne-Nicholls, the former chairman of FIFA\u2019s inspection group for World Cup bids.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0"But you can be sure that now that the football is underway, that\'s what people will focus on, not everything that\u2019s happening at FIFA."', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Chile are bidding for a first Copa America title in 99 years of trying.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Defending champions Uruguay and tournament favourites Argentina and Brazil play their opening matches over the weekend.', u'(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Thailand Battle Back to Win First World Cup Game'], [u"OTTAWA \u2014  Striker Orathai Srimanee scored two first half goals to lead World Cup debutants Thailand to a pulsating 3-2 comeback win over fellow minnows Ivory Coast in their women's World Cup Group B match on Thursday.", u'The result was tough luck on the Africans, the lowest-ranked side of the 24 in the tournament, who hit the woodwork three times. Many of their players collapsed distraught on the pitch at the end of the game.', u'\u201cWe did everything we could to relaunch our campaign after the German game but it didn\u2019t work out for us... hitting the woodwork three times is a real shame," said Ivory Coast coach Clementine Toure.', u'"We came to learn. We have a very young team and we will leave with lots of lessons from this World Cup."', u'Ivory Coast striker Ange Nguessan put her side ahead in the fourth minute after a mix-up in the box before Srimanee scored with a low shot in the 26th minute and an injury time header that went in off the bar.', u"Substitute Thanatta Chawong took advantage of some comical errors to head home in the 75th minute before Ivory Coast's Josee Nahi scored with a fine shot in the 88th minute after running 40 meters through the tiring Thai defense.", u'"I feel happy because it\u2019s the first three points for our team," said Thailand coach Nuengrutai Srathongvian, whose team next face top-ranked Germany.', u'"We think we are lucky to meet the best team in the world and we think playing Germany will give us a lot of experience."', u'Both sides were looking for better performances after suffering heavy defeats in the opening round. Ivory Coast were thrashed 10-0 by Germany while Thailand lost 4-0 to Norway.', u'Earlier in the day Germany and Norway drew 1-1 to virtually guarantee they will move into the second round. Thailand are third on three points while Ivory Coast have none.', u'(Reporting by David Ljunggren, editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Improved Putting Helps Palmer Into Share of Memphis Lead'], [u'(Reuters) - American Ryan Palmer, benefiting from extra work on his putting, produced bogey-free golf to charge into a three-way tie for the lead in the opening round of the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis on Thursday.', u"Bidding for a fourth victory on the PGA Tour, the 38-year-old Texan piled up six birdies as he carded a six-under-par 64 at the TPC Southwind in the final event before next week's ", u' at Chambers Bay.', u'Also at six under were fellow American Brooks Koepka, who finished birdie-birdie, and veteran Englishman Greg Owen, who competed on the lower-tier Web.com Tour last season.', u'American Scott Brown, Australian Steven Alker, Briton Brian Davis and South African Richard Sterne lurk one back.', u'Fan favorite Phil Mickelson, a five-times major winner who will head to Chambers Bay searching for a first U.S. Open win after posting a record six runner-up spots in his national championship, returned a satisfying 68.', u'"I definitely putted well, thanks to the work I put in this morning," Palmer, whose most recent PGA Tour victory came at the 2010 Sony Open in Hawaii, told reporters after shooting the best round in the afternoon wave.', u'"I came out and spent about half an hour working on the speed of the greens and finally felt my comfort over the putter, the ball position I like.', u'"I had to get up and down a few times so it\'s nice when you make some tough pars to keep a round going like that."', u'Left-hander Mickelson was encouraged by what he described as "a good, solid round" that included four birdies on his outward nine followed by two bogeys after the turn.', u'"I got off to a good start, unfortunately I bogeyed the two par-threes on the front nine which, with short irons, you shouldn\'t really do," said Mickelson, who has not won on the PGA Tour since his 2013 British Open victory.', u'"The birdie putts on six and seven that I thought were going in just didn\'t quite fall so the second nine wasn\'t quite as low. But I hit a number of good shots today and more good shots than I did yesterday (in practice).', u'"If I can continue that trend, I feel like I am in the right direction, on the right path where I\'m headed."', u"Fellow Ben Crane, who clinched last year's St. Jude Classic by a shot, launched his title defense with a 66.", u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Steve Keating)']), ([u'Wang Lifts China to Win Over Netherlands'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  A delicate stoppage time winner from Wang Lisi lifted China to a 1-0 victory over the Netherlands on Thursday, moving the Asians back into contention for top spot in Group A at the Women's World Cup.", u'After a deflating 1-0 loss to Canada due to a late goal in their opener on Saturday, China turned the tables on the Netherlands when Wang ran onto a loose ball and stabbed it into the low corner past an uncertain Sari Van Veenendaal as the Dutch keeper came out to challenge.', u"China had dominated possession firing 25 shots at the Dutch net until Wang's delicate touch finally hit the mark.", u'The win left the group up for grabs with three teams, China, Canada and the Netherlands all on three points, while New Zealand sit at the bottom on zero points.', u'Canada and New Zealand play later on Thursday.', u'(Reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto. Editing by Andrew Both)']), ([u'The Latest: Warriors Rebound, Rout Cavs 103-82, Even Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The latest from Game 4 of the NBA Finals:', u'___', u'11:55', u'Andre Iguodala will get a lot of attention for battling LeBron James.', u"But that's nothing new for the Warriors' forward.", u'"We\'ve been going against each other for a decade," he told ABC\'s Doris Burke after helping the Warriors rout the Cavaliers 1023-82 and even the NBA Finals at 2-2. "We\'ve had some really good battles. He\'s the best player in the world for a reason.', u'"He\'s got a lot of talent and he\'s very blessed. We\'ve got a lot of blessed guys as well. this is a great opportunity for everybody to show what they can do on the court."', u'___', u'11:46 p.m.', u'Andre Iguodala scored 22 points in a surprise start, Stephen Curry also had 22, and the Golden State Warriors finally slowed LeBron James in beating the Cleveland Cavaliers 103-82 to tie the NBA Finals at 2-2.', u'James was scoreless in the fourth quarter as Golden State pulled away and finished with 20 points, less than half the 41 he had been averaging.', u'Draymond Green rebounded from his poor play with 17 points, seven rebounds and six assists as the Warriors avoided their first three-game losing streak of the season. They will host Game 5 on Sunday night.', u"Timofey Mozgov finished with 28 points and 10 rebounds against the Warriors' small lineup, but Matthew Dellavedova had just 10 on 3-of-14 shooting.", u'___', u'11:40 p.m.', u"Andre Iguodala's biggest role for Golden State has been defending LeBron James.", u'On Thursday, he was outscoring him. And, ABC analyst Jeff Van Gundy said, even outplaying him.', u'James called it a night with 3:06 left after not scoring in the fourth quarter, leaving him with 20 points on 7-of-22 shooting. At that point, Iguodala had 22 points.', u'And with a 98-79, the Warriors would soon have an even series.', u'___', u'11:31 p.m.', u'LeBron James had to rest at some point, and Golden State capitalized when he did.', u'The Warriors made the first two baskets of the fourth quarter while James was sitting, pushing their lead back into double digits after the Cavaliers had cut it to six after three.', u'With Andre Iguodala leading the way, Golden State later pushed its lead back up to 16 midway through the fourth as it moved within a few minutes of tying the series at 2-2.', u'___', u'11:10 p.m.', u"With 10 points in the third quarter, LeBron James helped Cleveland cut Golden State's lead to 76-70 entering the final period.", u'The Warriors led by 15 early in the quarter but Cleveland had it down to three before Stephen Curry made a 3-pointer for the last basket.', u'Golden State went to a small lineup for Game 4 and the Cavs are crushing them inside with a 39-29 rebounding advantage. Center Timofey Mozgov has 21 points and nine rebounds, James has 20 and nine, and Tristan Thompson is at 12 and 12.', u'The Cavs would be in great shape if they can pull it off. No team has blown a 3-1 lead in the NBA Finals.', u'___', u'11:03 p.m.', u'The short-handed Cavaliers are asking quite a lot from LeBron James and Matthew Dellavedova during the series, with each of them piling up the minutes.', u'Dellavedova spent time in the hospital after Game 3 due to the serious cramping and James has a history of cramping up as well.', u"In an effort to avoid those issues in Game 4, the Cavaliers dipped towels in ice buckets and laid them over the necks of James and Dellavedova during timeouts. Athletic trainers also used the towels while massaging James' calves to try to keep them loose.", u'___', u'10:35 p.m.', u"When LeBron James cut his head while tumbling into a courtside television camera, questions immediately came up about the NBA's concussion protocol. The standards require players who suffer head injuries to be taken back to the locker room and evaluated to try to determine if he suffered a concussion.", u'But James remained in the game after getting the cuts tended to on the bench.', u'ABC anchor Sage Steele asked NBA Commissioner Adam Silver during halftime why James did not need to go to the back for further testing.', u'"If he stops bleeding he doesn\'t have to come out of the game," Silver said. "It seemed to be a surface cut, he seemed to be fine. He hit a free throw and stayed in the game."', u'___', u'10:01 p.m.', u'LeBron James took a bad tumble in the second quarter, cutting his head after crashing into photographers behind the baseline.', u'James was fouled by Andrew Bogut on a baseline drive and fell backward, with his head hitting a camera. He remained down for a couple of minutes before getting up holding a towel over his head to stop the bleeding coming from the cut in the back.', u'He made one of the two free throws.', u'___', u'9:58', u'Draymond Green is back. Just ask him.', u'Green has nine points on 3-for-5 shooting with three rebounds and three assists while playing his usual stellar defense.', u'His contributions in the frontcourt are essential for a team that decided to play small with Green at center and Andrew Bogut on the bench.', u"And he's feeling it.", u'After Green hit a 3-pointer at the midpoint of the second quarter, he looked toward the sideline and yelled, "I\'m back!"', u'___', u'9:44 p.m.', u"Warriors coach Steve Kerr's  decision to switch his starting lineup with Andre Iguodala replacing Andrew Bogut is paying off.", u'"It was faster. We got the pace going and we got the floor spread," Kerr told ABC\'s Doris Burke. "But we gotta rebound. We know we\'re at a disadvantage size-wise. We have to scrap."', u'Surprisingly, the Warriors still held a 15-13 advantage on the glass more than two minutes into the second quarter.', u'"I like the level of aggression from everybody," Kerr said. "We need to move the ball and we need to attack and get the pace going and keep it that way."', u'___', u'9:38 p.m.', u"That's two straight 30-plus point quarters for the Warriors after they were struggling to crack 20.", u'Golden State leads 31-24 after closing the period with a 14-4 spurt. Andre Iguolada, a late addition to the starting lineup, provided nine points.', u'The Warriors had been shut down for most of two games before scoring 36 in the fourth quarter of their Game 3 loss. After leading the NBA in scoring with 110 points per game in the regular season, they are averaging just 97.3 in this series.', u"LeBron James has five points and like a lot of Cleveland's fans, was visibly upset by a couple calls that went against the Cavs.", u'___', u'9:20 p.m.', u'LeBron James had a simple message for his teammates before their biggest game yet.', u'Stay desperate," ABC\'s cameras showed James telling his team in the huddle before taking the court. "Every game for us is a Game 7. We have zero room for error."', u'Most of the rest of these Cavaliers have never been on a stage this big. So before he finished his message, he made sure to drive his point home.', u'"We have zero room for error," he said, pounding his fist into his hand.', u'Then the Cavs jumped out to an early lead, prompting Steve Kerr to tell his team to just "weather the storm."', u'___', u'8:57 p.m.', u'Steve Kerr changed his mind \u2014 and his starting lineup.', u'Shortly after saying the Golden State Warriors would stick with their same starting five, the Warriors decided to insert Andre Iguodala as a forward, move Draymond Green to center and put Andrew Bogut on the bench.', u'Bogut has struggled, but Kerr had said before the game they planned to start the same way, and even that reserve forward David Lee could play alongside Bogut.', u'Iguodala has been their best defensive option against LeBron James.', u'___', u'8:34 p.m.', u'WWE in the house!', u"With the Warriors on the ropes, WWE stars The Miz and Dolph Ziggler were hanging out courtside before Game 4, taking pictures with fans before posing for more at halfcourt and filming promo spots in the hallways for wrestling federation's live TV show, Raw.", u'Both are from the Cleveland area.', u'The Miz, who was wearing a No. 40 wine Cleveland jersey that read "Must-See" on the back, was born in nearby suburb Parma and attended Normandy High School; Ziggler attended St. Edward High School in Lakewood and wrestled collegiately at Kent State University.', u'Wrestling veteran Ric Flair was roaming the hallways as well, taking pictures with Kevin Love.', u'___', u'8:03 p.m.', u'J.R. Smith made quite the entrance into Quicken Loans Arena.', u"Just as Warriors coach Steve Kerr was finishing an interview outside Golden State's locker room, Smith zoomed by riding a Hovertrax, a hands-free motorized vehicle.", u'"Hey, what\'s up?" Smith said as he rolled by on the carpet.', u"Smith nearly became the Cavs' most recent injury when he briefly lost his balance and lunged forward, catching himself before he fell.", u"He got right back on, though, and continued his journey to Cleveland's locker room.", u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Tom Withers and AP Basketball Writer Jon Krawczynski contributed to this report.']), ([u"Brazil Can't Escape Germany Even in Chile"], [u"SANTIAGO \u2014  Brazil's players may hope to banish the memory of last year's 7-1 World Cup semi-final defeat by winning the Copa America but they got an unwelcome reminder at their hotel in Chile where the address is Germany Avenue.", u'The Brazil squad, including David Luiz and Fernandinho who played in that thrashing by eventual world champions Germany, checked in to the Dreams hotel on Avenida Alemania in Temuco on Thursday.', u'The city in southern Chile opened its doors to many German immigrants and the irony will not be lost on Brazilian fans and players who have been spent a year trying to forget their most embarrassing defeat ever.', u'Chile is hosting the Copa America for the first time and open the tournament on Thursday versus Ecuador.', u'Brazil play their first game against Peru on Sunday at German Becker Stadium.', u'(Writing by Andrew Downie in Sao Paulo; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Sizzling Langer Two Ahead at Senior Players'], [u'(Reuters) - Defending champion Bernhard Langer of Germany birdied four of his last five holes to charge into a two-stroke lead in the opening round of the Senior Players Championship on Thursday in Belmont, Massachusetts.', u'Langer picked up shots at the 14th, 15th, 17th and the par-four last to fire a six-under 65 in tricky, blustery conditions at Belmont Country Club.', u"That left the 57-year-old two ahead of Americans Rocco Mediate, Lee Janzen and Guy Boros in the third of the season's five major championships for senior golfers.", u"Scotland's Colin Montgomerie, who retained his Senior PGA Championship crown at the French Lick Resort last month, opened with a 68 to end the round level with American Gene Sauers.", u'"I was watching the leaderboards and I saw a bunch of three and four-unders so I figured that (a 65) must be doable," Langer, who has won four major titles on the Champions Tour, told reporters.', u'"I just tried to play shot by shot and make the best of it. It\'s still early in the week so I\'m just trying to not shoot myself in the foot and be in contention."', u"Langer, who won last year's Senior PGA Championship in a playoff with American Jeff Sluman, said the gusting winds has posed continual problems.", u'"You were just hoping to hit it at the right gust at the right time kind of thing, whatever club you picked," said the former world number one.', u'"My game was pretty decent obviously. Tried to keep it in the fairway as much as possible because whenever you come out of the rough, you don\'t know if you\'re going to get a flyer or a dead ball.', u'"I was pretty happy with my putting even though I had a three-putt. In general, I holed out pretty good from six to 10 feet."', u'Montgomerie, whose four-shot victory last month at French Lick earned him his third major title as a senior, was delighted after carding three birdies in a flawless display.', u'"If you are bogey-free around there today in the wind and the way the course is set up, you\'re obviously doing nothing much wrong really," said the 51-year-old Scot.', u'"So bogey-free was good today. Had a couple of opportunities to drop shots and managed to hole a couple of putts at the right time."', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Steve Keating)']), ([u"Fox Sports Sets Up for Long Game in U.S. Women's Soccer"], [u"(Reuters) - If American soccer star Alex Morgan notches up a goal or two in Friday's U.S.-Sweden match at the Women's World Cup, she will not only score for Team USA, but also for the Fox network that took a big gamble on the event.", u"Fox Sports will air all 52 matches of the tournament from Canada, 16 of them on the Fox broadcast network, and a good performance for the strong American women's team should enhance ratings.", u'But even if the American women falter and ratings underperform, Fox is committed to a longer game: winning over women and Millennial fans on its way to becoming the leading soccer broadcaster in the United States, ahead of ESPN and NBC.', u'"Every indicator shows that the American public is interested in, watches and embraces our Women\'s World Cup team, but more importantly, the overall event and soccer as a TV sport," said Neal Pilson, former president of CBS Sports and now a sports business consultant.', u'"I\'m feeling good about it and I\'m sure Fox is feeling good about it."', u"For the opening U.S. game on Monday, 3.3 million people tuned in to cable channel Fox Sports 1 to witness the 3-1 win over Australia, triple the number of viewers who watched the team's opening game at the 2011 World Cup.", u'So far, average viewership has increased by 72 percent over 2011. David Nathanson, head of business operations for Fox Sports, said he is confident even higher numbers will follow.', u'Nathanson will not say what the television unit of Twenty-First Century Fox Inc has spent on the event, but investments include a production center built from scratch in Vancouver and $15 million in marketing.', u'"It\'s an opportunity for us to drive home the message that we are the home of the world\'s best soccer coverage in the United States," said Nathanson.', u"That might be a big statement if it were not for the fact that Fox secured a package deal with FIFA for broadcast rights for the next two Men's World Cups, along with the 2015 and 2019 Women's World Cups, for $425 million.", u"'DESIRABLE AUDIENCE'", u'Advertisers and sponsors, keen on live sporting events, are jumping on board.', u'"It\'s patriotic and brings in a very strong and desirable audience for a lot of brands," said Brad Adgate, research director of Horizon Media.    The World Cup has so far generated $4.4 million from advertising for 16 games since Saturday, with 121 brands placing commercials in 387 slots between Fox and Fox Sports, according to ', u', which tracks TV ads. Nationwide Insurance and Ford Motor Co lead ad spending.     Ads are also proving popular, like the video released by team sponsor Nike Inc of top American players enduring a grueling training session to the driving beats of "American Woman."', u'The network and advertisers are hoping to build the soccer audience of the future: young people, even 7-year-old soccer players, and women, a key to growth for many American sports.     "With the Women\'s World Cup, they\'re fighting a little bit of an uphill battle, because we haven\'t figured out how to market successfully women\'s sports," said Todd McFall, a sports economics professor at Wake Forest University.', u'Indeed, even diehard soccer fans believe Fox faces a big challenge.     "It takes the right eye to sit and care to watch a ball being passed for 90 minutes like a chess match," said Amy Mann, 31, who played soccer at the University of Southern California.', u'"I have a sentimental spot for women\'s soccer...but my allegiance to watch it only happens during World Cup," she said.', u'(Additional reporting by Piya Sinha Roy in Los Angeles and Reuters TV; Editing by Mary Milliken and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Porsche Take Top Three Grid Places at Le Mans'], [u'(Reuters) - Porsche swept the top three grid positions for the Le Mans 24 Hours sportscar race after a dry final qualifying at the Sarthe Circuit on Thursday.', u"Swiss driver Neel Jani, in the number 18 Porsche 919 hybrid car shared with France's Romain Dumas and Germany's Marc Lieb, took the pole position for Saturday's start with a best lap of three minutes 16.887 seconds set on Wednesday.", u'Australian Mark Webber, in the number 17 car, was second fastest while Force India F1 driver Nico Hulkenberg will line up third in the number 19.', u"Champions Audi qualified fourth, fifth and sixth with the number seven car of last year's winners Andre Lotterer, Benoit Treluyer and Marcel Fassler fifth.", u'Toyota were seventh and eighth.', u'Porsche, who returned to Le Mans with a works team in 2014 for the first time in 16 years, are the most successful manufacturer with 16 titles.', u'Audi, who have won the race 13 times and are part of the Volkswagen Group with Porsche, are expected to challenge strongly during the race even if their rivals are quicker over a single lap.', u"Danish veteran Jan Magnussen, father of McLaren Formula One reserve Kevin, crashed his Corvette heavily in Thursday's second session.", u'Magnussen was conscious and talking after the accident and taken to the circuit medical centre before being discharged.', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin in London, editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Palmer, Koepka, Owen Shoot 64s for Lead at St. Jude Classic'], [u'MEMPHIS, Tenn. \u2014  Ryan Palmer, Brooks Koepka and Greg Owen each shot 6-under 64 Thursday for a three-way tie atop the leaderboard after the opening round of the St. Jude Classic.', u'Palmer, a three-time PGA Tour winner, turned in a bogey-free round with six birdies in the afternoon to join Koepka and Owen atop the leaderboard at TPC Southwind. Koepka, who won in Phoenix earlier this year, matched his low round of 2015 with eight birdies and two bogeys, while Owen shot his best round this year with no bogeys and six birdies.', u'Scott Brown, Steven Alker, Brian Davis and Richard Sterne each shot 65s. Defending champ Ben Crane tied four others with 66s.', u'Boo Weekley was tied with six others at 67, and Phil Mickelson was in a group of 11 at 68.', u'Palmer had seven holes left after reaching 6 under, but he had to scramble down the stretch and needed to get up and down on his 18th hole, No. 9, to keep a piece of the lead. His last victory came in 2010 at the Sony Open, though he tied for second in Phoenix and tied for sixth at the Texas Open this year.', u'His key Thursday was his putter. He needed only 24 putts with his closest birdie putt at 6 feet with a couple 20 feet and longer.', u'"I\'ve been trying to get comfortable with the putter," Palmer said. "I finally found the position I had last year from the British Open through the playoffs when I putted some of my best I felt. And I get on the putting green this morning and found it. The ball position, the width of my stance, where my shoulders and feet were, and it paid off today."', u'Koepka has had three Top 20 finishes since his win in February, but he also withdrew from the Arnold Palmer Invitational in March before missing the cut at The Players Championship. Needing to play better before heading to Chambers Bay in Washington for the ', u' prompted him to add Memphis to his schedule. He said he was playing good golf but not scoring well enough. He gave himself a nice confidence boost, especially finishing with back-to-back birdies for a share of the lead.', u'"To me, it\'s been expectations," Koepka said. "My expectations have been a little too high. When you\'re able to kind of put it in the center of the greens, give yourself uphill putts, that makes this golf course a lot easier, and being in the fairway helps a lot."', u"Owen, an Englishman who now lives in Florida, has played 213 PGA Tour events since turning pro in 2005. He's back on tour thanks to a Web.com Tour exemption. He topped the 66 that had been his low round this year back in April in New Orleans in the opening round where he wound up tied for 43rd. Owen said his game started coming around at the Byron Nelson where he shot in the 60s his final three rounds and tied for 46th.", u'"I\'m healthy and fit and I\'m putting well," Owen said. "That\'s a big bonus for me, confidence with the putt."', u'Crane was the only player to get to 7 under as he rolled in seven birdies in nine holes. But he started hitting shots into the rough and wound up with bogeys on three of his final five holes.', u'"Obviously had it going pretty low there for a while, and all in all, I feel like my game is going in the right direction," Crane said. "Feel very comfortable on this golf course. I love this place."', u'Mickelson was at 4 under after a quick start with four birdies over his first seven holes starting on the back nine. A couple bogeys on the par 3s on the front nine dropped him to 2 under.', u'"I had a couple of opportunities coming in that would have really made the round a few more shots lower, but they didn\'t quite fall," Mickelson said. "That happens. But I made a bunch on the front. Made some good putts on the front, so it\'s going to come down to ... you got to get some putts to fall because it\'s not a course you can overpower. It\'s a course if you hit some poor shots will bite you."', u'Divots: Dustin Johnson, the highest-ranked player in this event at No. 7 in the world and the 2012 champ here, withdrew after nine holes. Johnson opened with three bogeys and had six pars. Crane played with Johnson, who told him he wasn\'t going to make it on the ninth hole. "Clearly, he wasn\'t feeling good," Crane said.']), ([u'Fabregas Gives Experimental Spain Win Over Costa Rica'], [u'LEON \u2014  Cesc Fabregas struck the winner as an experimental Spain side came from behind to beat Costa Rica 2-1 in a friendly on Thursday ahead of their Euro 2016 qualifier with Belarus.', u'Johan Venegas surprised Spain by giving the visitors the lead in Leon after five minutes but Paco Alcacer equalised two minutes later with a clinical finish.', u'Costa Rica continued to pose a threat on the break but Fabregas slotted in from close range after 29 minutes and Spain had chances to secure a more comfortable win after the break.', u"Barcelona defender Gerard Pique came on in the second half to whistles from a section of Real Madrid fans in the crowd who were angry at the way he poked fun at their team during celebrations after the Catalan side's treble win this season.", u'He thanked Colombian singer Kevin Roldan who performed at a birthday party for Cristiano Ronaldo that created controversy at Real as it followed a heavy La Liga defeat by Atletico Madrid.', u'Spain now turn their attention to the Euro 2016 Group C qualifier in Belarus on Sunday. They have 12 points from five games behind Slovakia who lead the way three points ahead.', u'Vicente del Bosque\u2019s Spain side, who have won the last two Euros, are aiming to bounce back after losing their World Cup crown last year in Brazil where went out in the group stage.', u'NEW BLOOD', u'Aleix Vidal made his debut as Del Bosque continued to bring in new blood and rebuild the Spain team following the retirement of key players like midfielders Xavi and Xabi Alonso.', u'There was a lack of understanding in defence, though, as Costa Rica took the lead with their first real attack.', u'Striker Joel Campbell was given plenty of space on the left wing and he rolled a pass to Venegas who fired home.', u'Alcacer quickly brought Spain level, beating the offside trap and then finishing expertly past keeper Keylor Navas.', u'Spain had most possession and Fabregas put them in front as he made no mistake after a miscued shot from Nolito fell to him.', u'In the second half Navas made excellent saves from Sergio Ramos and Santi Cazorla and Spain defender Marc Bartra blazed over from close range.', u'\u201cI was happy with my performance and that of the team,\u201d Bartra told reporters. \u201cI don\u2019t agree with the whistles (for Pique) as he gives his all for Barca and the national team.\u201d', u'(Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Norway Fight Hard to Earn 1-1 Draw With Germany'], [u"OTTAWA \u2014  Norwegian midfielder Maren Mjelde curled home a beautiful second half free kick to earn her side a deserved 1-1 draw with front-runners Germany in a Women's World Cup Group B game on Thursday.", u'Germany, ranked number two in the world, started strongly and took the lead in the sixth minute when striker Anja Mittag knocked home the ball from close range after Norwegian goalkeeper Ingrid Hjelmseth spilled a routine shot.', u"The goal was Mittag's fourth of the tournament and followed the hat-trick she scored in the 10-0 thrashing of Ivory Coast in the opening game on Sunday, a result that marked Germany as one of the favorites.", u'Germany dominated the first half and looked sure to score more goals against a very ponderous Norwegian side.', u'But Mjelde secured the draw in the 61st minute with a free kick from 20 yards out that kissed the underside of the bar as it went in and the Norwegians finished the game strongly.', u"Germany coach Silvia Neid lamented her side's inability to convert their chances and said too many passes had gone astray in the second half.", u'"We lost track of our plan and when you\'re up against strong opponents the score can very quickly become 1-1, and that\'s what happened," she told reporters.', u'The result leaves Germany and Norway tied on four points at the top of the group after two games and the teams -- who are both past winners of the World Cup -- are virtually certain to qualify for the second round.', u"Mjelde's goal provided some redemption for the midfielder, who missed a penalty during the opening 4-0 win against Thailand on Sunday.", u'The eventual result had looked very unlikely after a first half where a dominant and fleet-footed Germany outshot the Norwegians 6-1.', u'"We were lucky. They could have killed the game in the first half," said Norway coach Even Pellerud, who credited the turn-around to a tough team talk at halftime.', u'The European sides are old rivals and met in 2013 in the final of the European Championships, which the Germans won 1-0 after a goal by Mittag.', u'Germany claimed the World Cup in 2003 and 2007 but crashed out in the quarter-finals in 2011, when they hosted the tournament. Norway won the cup in 1995.', u'Outsiders Ivory Coast and Thailand play each other later on Thursday in Ottawa.', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Meents Aims for World Record Front Flip in a Monster Truck'], [u"Tom Meents, with 11 world titles, is already Monster Jam's most decorated champion. He was the first to attempt and complete a single backflip in his truck, then he upped the stakes by completing a double backflip.", u"Now he's got a new stunt to try, and should Meents pull it off, he'll set a mark recognized by Guinness World Records for the first front flip in a monster truck.", u'Meents will make his attempt Saturday night during Monster Jam\'s "Path of Destruction Show" at MetLife Stadium in East Rutherford, New Jersey.', u'"When I was a young kid in school, you could order a book of world records through the school, and I always dreamed there was some possible way to get in there," Meents said. "You just didn\'t know what that idea was that could get you a world record."', u"This idea came to the 47-year-old after he'd already crossed stunt after stunt off of his list. He'd grown up hoping to be a stunt man, hanging out on the corner with hand-made wooden ramps that he used to test his limits.", u"That hasn't changed through a decorated career in Monster Jam.", u'"I still want to push the limits and push this sport past the other limits of other motorsports. I love my job and I can\'t get enough of it," Meents said. "The 11 championships, I love every part of that, but grabbing people\'s attention and showing them something new, that\'s a thrill."', u'To pull off the front flip in his Max-D truck, Meents will have to launch from a special ramp and make a full rotation forward before landing.', u"The planning for this stunt began six months ago, and has been exclusively what Meents has been working on for the last three months. He guesses he's unsuccessfully attempted the front flip a dozen times in preparation, but each flip was done to provide data to help plan the project.", u'"Some of the early attempts were basically huge fails," said Meents, who admitted his Max-D truck is a "massive beast" that weighs more than 11,000 pounds when fully prepared and stands 10 feet tall. It is 12 feet wide.', u'"It\'s complicated to make it do a complete rotation in the air. On all other backflips and double backflips, we land where we take off," he said. "This one, the first time ever, we\'re doing the front flip but doing a forward rotating front flip on a special built mechanical ramp, will land back on the tires and continue on."', u'He figured he has a "50-50 shot" at hitting the flip, and pulling it off will require him to perfectly hit the ramp and launch at the exact height needed. If he fails, he\'ll likely keep after it.', u'"You won\'t get the same thrill if you do the same things every day when you wake up," Meents said. "But you\'ll get a better thrill if you continue to push yourself and push your team."']), ([u"Colts' LB Mathis Eager for Quick Return, Being Cautious"], [u'INDIANAPOLIS \u2014  Colts linebacker Robert Mathis has learned a few things being in NFL locker rooms for the past 12 years.', u'Ignore conventional wisdom, work relentlessly to prove the doubters wrong and play it safe when dealing with an injury.', u"Less than 24 hours after team owner Jim Irsay tried to tamp down the early-season expectations for the 2013 NFL sacks champion, Mathis reluctantly acknowledged that he would accept the third part of the lesson while maintaining his goal of lining up for the Colts' regular-season opener Sept. 13 at Buffalo.", u'"I want to be out there with my guys, I want to be out there and be part of it," Mathis said after the Colts completed the last of their offseason workouts Thursday.', u"Nobody questions Mathis' desire to come back after missing all of last season. It's the circumstances that have raised questions.", u'Coach Chuck Pagano held him out of all four preseason games last year after the league announced Mathis would miss the first four regular-season games for using a performance-enhancing substance. He missed the final 12 games after tearing his left Achilles tendon while working out on his own during the suspension.', u'Many wondered whether the 34-year-old Mathis would recover from an Achilles injury and regain his old form. If that wasn\'t enough of a challenge, there is this: Mathis acknowledged Thursday that his recovery indeed hit a "snag," though he downplayed the significance of the setback.', u'Mathis has spent his entire football career defying the odds.', u"The Atlanta kid who was overlooked by all the big colleges finished his career by setting the Football Championship Subdivision's single-season record for sacks (20) in 2002. Then the Alabama A&M alum wasn't supposed to be big enough to hold up in the NFL. And when Pagano switched from the Colts' traditional 4-3 defense to the trendy 3-4 in 2012, critics contended Mathis couldn't make a smooth transition from defensive end to standup linebacker so late in his career.", u'Wrong, wrong and wrong. Mathis got his first career interception in 2012 and led the league with a franchise record 19 1/2 sacks in 2013.', u'"I was always just too something to not get the job done," Mathis said. "So I\'ve got to get the job done."', u"The Colts' complex is filled with cautious believers.", u"Pagano and general manager Ryan Grigson have continued to talk about taking it slowly with one of the NFL's most feared pass rushers. Irsay added to the discussion Wednesday night when he said Mathis probably would not be healthy enough to go full throttle when training camp workouts begin Aug. 2.", u"Mathis understands. He's walking with a slight limp, did not run in last week's charity softball game that he co-hosted and even though he says doctors have cleared him to do pretty much everything, the Colts have kept him out of all of the on-the-field work this offseason.", u'"It\'s frustrating because I\'m used to going 100 mph or whatever, but I\'m at a point in my career where you have to be smart," Mathis said, drenched in sweat. "You have to go smart, not hard."', u'Will Mathis play like his old self when he does get on the field?', u'"I\'m not Kreskin, Nostradamus. I don\'t know," Pagano said. "Time will tell. I\'m not trying to be a jokester, but if anybody can do it, it\'ll be him."', u"If he does, the Colts' defense would get a big boost.", u"In 2013, Mathis accounted for nearly half of Indy's sacks (41). Without him last season, defensive coordinator Greg Manusky creatively generated enough of a pass rush to match that sacks total with an improved Erik Walden working on one side of the field and rookie Jonathan Newsome emerging as a pass-rushing threat late in the season.", u"Both are back this year and Indy has added Trent Cole at outside linebacker. Cole finished his career in Philadelphia ranked No. 2, behind Reggie White, on the Eagles' career sacks list.", u'Mathis believes he can be a major component in that mix, too,', u'"I\'m making big strides, clearing a lot of hurdles," he said. "There\'s not much I can\'t do, it\'s more just being cautious."', u"Notes: As practice started, Grigson said he would address the contract of Pro Bowl receiver T.Y. Hilton at the appropriate time. Irsay had said Wednesday night that he intends to make re-signing Hilton and left tackle Anthony Castonzo as two of next season's top offseason priorities. ... Grigson also said he's been impressed with the hands displayed by speedy receiver Phillip Dorsett, Indy's first-round draft pick.", u'___', u'Online:']), ([u'Pro Wrestling Luminary Dusty Rhodes Dies at Age 69'], [u'AUSTIN, Texas \u2014  Charismatic bleach-blond Texan Dusty Rhodes, who billed himself as "The American Dream" and won millions of fans during a long career in professional wrestling, has died at age 69, World Wrestling Entertainment said on Thursday.', u'With a pudgy physique and a homely face, the former college football player did not have the appearance of the typical muscular pro wrestling hero. But Rhodes managed to become one of the biggest stars in the choreographed mayhem of pro wrestling, emotionally connecting with fans while winning a raft of championship belts.', u'Rhodes, whose real name was Virgil Riley Runnels Jr., began his career in the late 1960s as part of a tag team "The Texas Outlaws," and remained involved in the sport until his death.', u'He made a name for himself in battling opponents including "Nature Boy" Ric Flair and "The Four Horsemen," "Superstar" Billy Graham and Harley Race. He won multiple world titles in the National Wrestling Alliance, pinning opponents using moves including the "bionic elbow."', u'He enthralled fans with compelling interviews, and even mimicked some words and gestures of boxer Muhammad Ali. He presented himself as "the common man" and "the son of a plumber."', u'He was inducted into the WWE Hall of Fame in 2007.', u'"Runnels became a hero to fans around the world thanks to his work ethic, his impassioned interviews and his indomitable spirit," WWE said in a statement, noting that two of his sons currently work as wrestlers for the company.', u'"Moreover, Runnels was a dedicated father to WWE Superstars Goldust (Dustin Runnels) and Stardust (Cody Runnels), a caring husband and a creative visionary who helped shape the landscape of WWE long after his in-ring career had ended."', u'Runnels, born in Austin, Texas, worked in several professional wrestling organizations and appeared on numerous pay-per-view wrestling cards.', u'"Saddened to hear the passing of Dusty Rhodes. Legend, teacher, mentor, friend ... Love you Dream," professional wrestler and WWE executive Paul Levesque, also known as Triple H, said in a tweet.', u'"My mentor," tweeted Flair. "Much love to your family and more respect than can ever be measured. Love you Dream."', u'There was no word on the cause of death.', u'(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg; Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'Chinese Zhang Upstages High Jump Favorites in Oslo'], [u"OSLO \u2014  Asian Games silver medalist Zhang Guowei upstaged the favorites to win the men's high jump at the Bislett Games Diamond League meeting on Thursday.", u'Zhang cleared 2.36 meters on a cool evening with swirling winds which made conditions difficult for the athletes.', u"He then failed with three attempts at 2.40 to finish ahead of Italian Marco Fassinotti and Qatar's world silver medalist Mutaz Barshim, who was joint third with American Erik Kynard.", u"Barshim and Ukrainian Bohdan Bondarenko, who finished fifth, have been locked in a fierce battle to break Javier Sotomayor's 22-year-old world record of 2.45 meters.", u'The Cuban was watching from the stands on Thursday.', u"Ethiopian Genzebe Dibaba, running solo for the latter part of the 5,000 meters race, failed in a bid to break her sister Tirunesh's women's world record of 14 minutes 11.15 seconds, set at the Bislett stadium in 2008.", u'Dibaba, the world indoor 3,000 meters champion, finished in 14:21.29, more then 17 seconds ahead of second-placed compatriot Senbere Teferi.', u'"I tried hard but the pacemakers could not do what I needed," Dibaba said. "Of course, the cold and the wind also played a part but overall I\'m okay with the race."', u'RUTHERFORD WINS', u"Britain's Olympic champion Greg Rutherford followed his victory at Birmingham last Sunday on his return to competition after injury by winning the men's long jump with 8.25 meters.    The customary Kenyan battle for supremacy in the men's 3,000 meters steeplechase resulted in victory for Commonwealth silver medalist Jairus Kipchoge Birech in 8:05.63 ahead of world silver medalist Conseslus Kipruto.", u"The consistent Jamaican Kaliese Spencer won the women's 400 meters hurdles, the first track event of the evening, in a world leading time of 54.15 seconds.", u'American 100 meters hurdler Jasmin Stowers, who has faltered in her last two Diamond League meetings, returned to winning ways with victory in 12.84 seconds.', u'Stowers set world leading times of 12.40 and 12.39 at the start of the season before clocking 12.35 at the Doha Diamond League meeting.', u'She then jogged across the line in Rome after hitting the eighth hurdle and was disqualified for a false start in Birmingham.', u'"After Birmingham I paid attention to my start and technique," she said.', u"Briton Laura Muir was rewarded for some bold front-running tactics, in the women's 1,500 and holding on to win her first Diamond League meeting in four minutes 00.39 seconds as the pack strove in vain to chase her down.", u'"I heard them coming as the crowd got louder but I managed to keep on running," Muir said. "I think this is the biggest win of my career."', u'The Dream Mile, the final event of the evening, was won by Kenyan Asbel Kiprop in 3:51.45.', u'(Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'US National Team Prepares to Face Former Coach Pia Sundhage'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  On the eve of the match against her former team, Sweden coach Pia Sundhage addressed Hope Solo, Abby Wambach and the challenge of beating the talent-laden United States in the World Cup.', u"About the only thing she didn't do was break into song.", u'During her five-year tenure with the U.S. national team, Sundhage was known for her vocal stylings: She famously warbled "Feelin\' Groovy" during a press conference at the 2011 World Cup in Germany.', u"For this year's World Cup in Canada, she was more pragmatic approaching the highly anticipated showdown Friday night between No. 5 Sweden and the second-ranked United States. The stakes got higher for the Swedish women following their 3-all tie with Nigeria in the group-stage opener.", u'"The reason I\'m sitting here is because of the U.S. team. They taught me how to deal with the pressure," Sundhage said Thursday. "You can imagine: We got one point against Nigeria, we\'re going to play the best team in the world. ... It\'s my job to make sure we try to do our very best."', u'Adding to the buildup was a story about Sundhage in The New York Times that caused a stir this week. The interview was done in April, she said, acknowledging she can sometimes be provocative. "If I just gave you the same answer it would be boring," she said.', u'Sundhage was quoted as saying that midfielder Carli Lloyd was a challenge to coach and she suggested she wouldn\'t start Wambach at this point in the popular veteran\'s career. She said Solo was one of the most challenging players she\'d coached, "especially when it comes to trouble."', u'On Thursday, she called Solo "a piece of work," but went on to also call her the "the best goalkeeper in the world." She also said she would start Wambach on Friday night.', u'"If you look at Abby, she is special," Sundhage said. "She is special in a lot of ways, especially her heading. I think she can go another four years."', u"The U.S. won two Olympic golds and went to the World Cup final in Germany during Sundhage's tenure with the team. It was the first time the Americans had gone to the final since winning the title in 1999.", u"She left after the 2012 London Games and returned home to coach her native Sweden's national team. As a player she led Sweden to a third-place finish in the first Women's World Cup in 1991, and the team's first European championship in 1984.", u'She remains tremendously popular with the U.S. women who played under her.', u'"She has a really unique coaching style," said midfielder Tobin Heath. "She really brings the best out in players because she\'s so positive and encouraging. She really gives you that freedom to express yourself. I think a lot of players learned that under Pia and have taken that into this new step in our journey."', u'U.S. coach Jill Ellis was an assistant under Sundhage. She was named interim coach after Sundhage stepped down, then again when former coach Tom Sermanni was dismissed in April 2014. Ellis was formally named head coach about a month later.', u'Ellis this week described Sundhage as "a sit-down-have-a-beer kind of friend."', u'"Pia\'s got extraordinary character and I love hanging out with her," Ellis said. "We\'ll be friends for a long, long time."', u'The feeling is mutual.', u'"First of all, she is a student of the game. She\'s been around youth soccer for a long time and now she is on top of her soccer life, coaching the best team in the world," Sundhage said. "Being around her, she\'s a positive person, she likes people and she has a great chance to win the World Cup with the U.S. team."', u'The United States defeated No. 10 Australia 3-1 in its opening match, earning three points.', u'Sweden was not so fortunate. Nigeria was surprisingly fast and agile, coming back from a 2-0 deficit for a draw. Back in 2007, a draw with Nigeria in a group-stage match would keep Sweden out of the knockout round.', u"Sundhage called it a learning experience. Scouting No. 33 Nigeria was difficult because the team doesn't often travel outside of Africa to play \u2014 and the performance shows how other nations are catching up to the top teams.", u'"Usually they say we look very organized, I don\'t think we were that organized. Credit to the Nigerians," she said. "That is why, being in the women\'s game for so long, I\'m very excited because that I can learn. I can learn from the other opponents. I don\'t think I did that in \'91 or \'95. But today we can learn from all the opponents."']), ([u'Padres Rally to Beat Braves in 11 Innings'], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Yangervis Solarte hit a two-run single in the 11th inning, and the San Diego Padres beat the Atlanta Braves 6-4 Thursday following a benches-clearing incident and the ejection of manager Bud Black.', u'Players left dugouts in the first after Julio Teheran hit Matt Kemp with a 90 mph fastball. No punches were thrown and no one was ejected.', u'Black was tossed in the seventh for arguing with umpires Jordan Baker and Jerry Meals.', u"Craig Kimbrel, facing his former team for the second time in the series, earned his 15th save in 16 chances with a perfect 11th that included Andrelton Simmons' groundout and strikeouts by Christian Bethancourt and pinch-hitter.", u"Atlanta's struggling bullpen, which began the day with a major league-worst 4.75 ERA, combined with Bethancourt to blow a 4-1 lead during San Diego's three-run eighth.", u"After a walk loaded the bases with no outs and chased Teheran, Bethancourt's passed ball allowed Solarte, who entered as a pinch-hitter, to score and cut the deficit to 4-2.", u"Luis Avilan walked Yonder Alonso, forcing in a run. David Aardsman struck out two batters, but Wil Myers scored the tying run when Bethancourt was called for catcher's interference against Cory Spangenberg.", u"Brandon Cunniff (2-2) walked Derek Norris opening the 11th and allowed Spangenberg's infield single. One out later, Alexi Amarista loaded the bases with a single, and followed with the go-ahead hit.", u'Dale Thayer (2-0) allowed a hit and walk in 10th.', u"Baker threw Black out of the game after the Braves went up 3-1 on Jace Peterson's infield RBI single.", u"Black approached plate umpire Jordan Baker to argue the ball hit Peterson's bat twice before rolling down the first-base line and allowing Simmons to score from third.", u'Black asked crew chief Jerry Meals to have the umpires convene, but Meals refused. Visibly angry, Black was soon ejected by Baker.', u'Cameron Maybin followed with a sacrifice fly that gave the Braves a 4-1 lead and chased starter Andrew Cashner.', u"Freddie Freeman drove in Atlanta's first two runs. His RBI double in the first tied the score at 1-1 and his 11th homer in the sixth made it 2-1.", u'Cashner gave up four runs, seven hits and four walks in 6 2-3 innings.', u'Teheran allowed four runs \u2014 three earned \u2014 four hits and three walks in seven-plus innings.', u'Kemp went 2 for 14 with an RBI in the series.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Padres: CF Wil Myers, out the previous 28 games with tendinitis in his left wrist, went 0 for 5 with a walk after being activated from the disabled list. Myers said he'll have the wrist taped for another four weeks, at a minimum.", u'Braves: Peterson made a pair of sharp defensive plays at second base and is hitting .381 in 21 at-bats since a cortisone shot June 4.', u'UP NEXT', u'Padres: RHP Odrisamer Despaigne (3-4) is 0-2 with a 5.84 ERA in two career starts and one relief appearance against the Los Angeles Dodgers.', u'Braves: LHP Alex Wood (4-3) has a 4.09 ERA and is 0-2 in six starts against the New York Mets. Wood was ejected after five innings for arguing with an umpire in his last start \u2014 a 3-0 loss last Sunday to Pittsburgh.']), ([u"I Just Don't See Tiger Enjoying the Game: Mahan"], [u"LOS ANGELES \u2014  Six-times PGA Tour winner Hunter Mahan used to share the same swing coach as Tiger Woods and, purely as a golf fan, he has been left stunned and confused by his fellow American's recent struggle for form.", u"Former world number one Woods plunged new depths when he posted the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, which included a mind-boggling 13-over-par 85 in the third round.", u'Mahan, who got to know Woods well as a team mate for the United States at the 2010 Ryder Cup and also at the past four Presidents Cups, says the biggest thing he has noticed in the 14-times major champion is a diminished enjoyment for the game.', u'"I haven\'t watched a ton of what Tiger is doing but I have definitely watched a little bit of it because it is so confusing that a player of his caliber is struggling this much," Mahan told Reuters in a telephone interview.', u'"From a fan\'s perspective, I just don\'t see him enjoying the game as much as he used to. I don\'t know why. Technically, it\'s definitely not there for him after six, seven or eight months of (Chris) Como."', u"Woods has had four swing coaches during his professional career and began working with Como late last year after parting ways with Mahan's instructor, Sean Foley, in August.", u'Previously, Woods had worked with Butch Harmon and Hank Haney before joining forces with Canadian Foley in August 2010.', u'"You would kind of think that technically he would have a better understanding of his game or he could see what he is trying to do but it\'s hard to tell that," Mahan said of Woods\' results with Como.', u'"I just don\'t see the enjoyment in him right now. It\'s sad to see because golf is the ultimate enjoyment for that guy. He loves to get out there on the golf course, he loves to compete, he loves to grind at it.', u'"It seems to be more of a chore to him now than it used to be and I don\'t want to see that because golf is better with Tiger Woods at his best. I love seeing him compete at the highest level."', u'Woods, who finished last among those who made the cut at the Memorial Tournament with a 14-over total of 302, has been struggling with his game for most of this season.', u'WORLD RANKING HAS PLUMMETED', u'He has recorded just one top-25 in five starts on the PGA Tour, a tie for 17th at the Masters in April, while his world ranking has shockingly plummeted to 181st.', u'Asked if Woods had worked too many coaches, Mahan replied: "To me, this doesn\'t seem technical.', u'"There are probably certain aspects of it that he is definitely not where he needs to be but to see what he is doing when he plays courses where he has had an enormous amount of success at, it seems beyond technique.', u'"There is something else going on. I think there are a lot of underlying things we don\'t see. I don\'t see him coming out to the golf course and being excited any more. Golf should be enjoyed, he should have great pleasure in it."', u"Mahan, whose six PGA Tour wins include two at the elite World Golf Championships where the game's top players compete, was speaking to Reuters after his new partnership with credit card Chase Sapphire Preferred was launched earlier this week.", u"Through this partnership, a contest will be run on Twitter and Instagram with the winner going on to enjoy an 'inside the ropes' golf experience with Mahan before the year's final major, the Aug. 13-16 PGA Championship at Whistling Straits.", u'"They will allow this fan to come out on the course with me for a little bit, to kind of experience what it feels like to be a pro golfer at a big event," Mahan said of the opportunity, which will take place on the last day of official practice.', u'"I will be able to talk to the fan about what I am thinking about on that golf course and how I want to play the next shot -- kind of one-on-one golfing tips."', u'(Editing by Andrew Both)']), ([u'Hinchcliffe to Be Grand Marshal for IndyCar Race in Toronto'], [u"TORONTO \u2014  Canadian IndyCar driver James Hinchcliffe has been named grand marshal for Sunday's race through the streets of Toronto.", u'Hinchcliffe, from Oakville, Ontario, has been sidelined since a life-threatening injury suffered May 18. He crashed while practicing for the Indianapolis 500 and a broken piece of his suspension pierced his upper left thigh and Hinchcliffe lost a considerable amount of blood.', u'Although he\'s still recovering, he has received medical clearance to travel to Toronto to give the command "Drivers, start your engines," to start the race.', u"Hinchcliffe won't race in Toronto for the first time since he joined IndyCar in 2011."]), ([u'Langer Ties Course Record, Leads Senior Players Championship'], [u"BELMONT, Mass. \u2014  Bernhard Langer wasn't sure what to expect from unfamiliar confines on Thursday, but that didn't keep him from making history.", u'The two-time Masters champion shot four birdies on the final five holes to tie a course record with a 6-under-par 65 in the first round of the Senior Players Championship.', u'"I was watching the leaderboards and I saw a bunch of 3 and 4 unders so I figured that must be doable," said Langer, who was playing the par-71, 6,855-yard course at Belmont Country Club for the first time.', u"Afternoon wind gusts made for difficult playing conditions on an otherwise pleasant day, but that didn't seem to bother Langer.", u'Langer bogeyed twice on his first nine holes, but still carded a 2-under 34 at the halfway point. After opening the back nine with four straight pars, Langer charged up the leaderboard with back-to-back birdies on Nos. 14 and 15 and finished with two more on Nos. 17 and 18.', u"It wasn't until the 17th hole that Langer took sole possession of the lead. On the par-4 18th, his tee shot landed in the rough, but a hard wedge swing placed the ball three yards from the hole for an easy putt.", u'A victory this weekend in Belmont would give Langer his second consecutive Senior Players title, something no golfer has done since Arnold Palmer in 1984-85.', u'"It\'s still early in the week so I\'m just trying to not shoot myself in the foot and be in contention," said Langer.', u'Guy Boros, Lee Janzen, and Rocco Mediate finished the round in a three-way tie for second at 4-under 67.', u'Boros, whose father Julius won the 1963 ', u' at The Country Club in nearby Brookline, birdied three of his final six holes to put himself in contention.', u'"I didn\'t hit it great," Boros said. "I putted pretty well, so I made a lot of good par putts and I two-putted twice for birdie. I hit some good, some bad, so it was kind of all over the place."', u'Janzen, a two-time U.S. Open champion who qualified for the tournament again on Monday, birdied five of his first nine holes while Mediate, best known for his second-place finish after a battle with Tiger Woods in the 2008 U.S. Open, began the day with three birdies on his first four.', u'"Golf course is fantastic," Mediate said. "It just keeps you on your toes really. I missed a few fairways today by feet, a couple of feet and it was nasty."', u'Charles Schwab Cup points leader Colin Montgomerie is three shots off the lead, and tied for fifth at 3-under-par 68.', u'"I\'m not quite comfortable yet," Montgomerie said. "You play defense a wee bit around here and you\'ve got to position your ball and it\'s playing chess the with course sort of thing."', u"The Senior Players is the third of four Champions Tour majors and the 12th of 25 events the season, marking the tour's unofficial halfway point.", u"A winner's share of $405,000 of the $2.7 million purse and 810 points in the Charles Schawb Cup will be awarded to the champion.", u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show that Langer took sole possession of the lead on the 17th hole, not 18th.']), ([u"Shin Shoots Bogey-Free 66, Leads Women's PGA Championship"], [u'HARRISON, N.Y. \u2014  South Korean Jenny Shin kept moving up the leaderboard, chasing Hall-of-Famer Karrie Webb.', u"Shin eventually caught her, shooting a bogey-free, 7-under 66 Thursday for a one-stroke lead after the opening round at the KPMG Women's PGA Championship, the second major of the season.", u'"I was chasing the leaderboard all day, and I was surprised that Webby was at 6 under at one point," said the 22-year-old Shin. "I got there and was like \'Maybe I can get one more on the 18th hole,\' and I did."', u'Canadian teenager Brooke Henderson had a three-putt bogey on her final hole at the ninth to drop a shot back after Shin birdied No. 18 at the Westchester Country Club.', u'"I hit it well all day, I\'m disappointed with the finish on the last hole," said the 17-year-old Henderson, who was playing on a sponsor exemption.', u'Webb birdied three of the first four holes and finished at 68. The 40-year-old Webb started her round in hazy conditions at No. 10 and shot a 4-under 33 on the opening nine. She had a bogey-free round until she dropped a shot on the seventh when she missed the fairway left and hit the front bunker.', u'"I hit a wedge to a foot and a half on 10 and that settled me in," Webb said. "Hit the green in two on 12 and had about a 15-footer for eagle. I really put some very solid swings on it early on."', u'Shin had five birdies and an eagle on the par-5 15th. She spoke to her sports psychologist on Wednesday night to help calm her nerves.', u'"I was freaking out for this round, so I tried to play as comfortable as I can, just like any other tournament," Shin said. "I tried not to think of it as a major and it turned out great. I had a couple of bogey-free rounds last week, so I think I\'m on a good run."', u'Americans Brittany Lincicome, Lexi Thompson, Cristie Kerr and Stacy Lewis were in a large group that finished four strokes back at 70 in steamy temperatures that reached the mid-80s. Lincicome, the winner of the first major at the ANA Inspiration in April, eagled the par-5 15th and followed with a birdie on 16.', u'Two-time defending champion Inbee Park shot a 71. Top-ranked teenager Lydia Ko was another stroke back, and Suzann Pettersen, coming off a win in Canada, finished at 74. Michelle Wie, bothered by a hip injury, shot 75.', u'Shin, who is seeking her first major, had three birdies on the front nine to gain on Webb, a seven-time major winner.', u"Henderson, who turned pro in December, is below the LPGA Tour's age requirement of 18. But she made the most of her sponsor exemption.", u'Henderson birdied No. 10, her opening hole, and added birdies at Nos. 3, 5, 6 and 15. For her eagle on the par-5, 274 yard 12th hole, she hit a 7-wood 204 yards and the ball landed three feet from the cup.', u'Then came the three-putt on her final hole, where she "tried to hit it a little too hard and had an 8-footer to save par."', u'The 29-year-old Lincicome, who is seeking her third major, is one of the longest hitters on the tour. She used a 4-iron from 203 yards out and got within 30 feet for her eagle on the par-5, 497-yard 15th.', u'"The putt, if I hadn\'t hit the hole, it probably would have gone off the green," she said. "(My caddie) asked if I had dented the cup."', u'Park finished with a birdie on 18, one of five on the day along with a bogey. The South Korean has won five majors, including three straight in 2013.', u"Kerr had a bogey on the par-5, 551-yard fifth hole and four birdies on the West Course that she often plays when in New York. She's familiar with the sloping greens at the longtime home of the PGA Tour event now called The Barclays.", u'"The front nine, I had a bunch of chances and a couple putts lipped out," Kerr said. "I just tried to stay patient and got off to a great start on the back nine."', u'BIRDIES: Annika Sorenstam, a winner of 10 majors and three Women PGA Championships, said she walked the course. "It\'s a tough course, the greens and some blind holes where you really have to commit yourself. The scores are not that low, not many birdies. It will be a typical grinder week." ... Lincicome ran into Triple Crown-winning jockey Victor Espinoza at the Mets game on Tuesday night and got a picture with him. ... Playing with Kerr and Jessica Korda, Lincicome bet $5 for every birdie after a slow start. "Korda birdied the last, so we were tied, unfortunately," Lincicome said. "We just kind of needed something to motivate us to get back in it. We didn\'t let Kerr in because she was already making too many."']), ([u'Vatican Suspends CONMEBOL Football Donations Over FIFA Scandal'], [u"VATICAN CITY \u2014  The Vatican will not accept donations from South American football federation CONMEBOL for a charity sponsored by Pope Francis, it said on Thursday, following corruption charges last month against officials at the sport's global governing body.", u'Archbishop Marcelo Sanchez sent a letter to CONMEBOL, the Argentine Football Association and a local TV company saying it was suspending an agreement signed in April, Vatican spokesman Father Federico Lombardi said, confirming an earlier report in Argentine newspaper Infobae.', u"The deal to support the Vatican's education and sports charity Scholas would have seen CONMEBOL donate $10,000 for every goal scored in the Copa America, which kicks off on Thursday in Chile.", u'"Given the well-known public events that have happened since May 27, I have decided to suspend the application of the agreement until otherwise informed. Please abstain from making any money deposits," said the archbishop\'s letter, cited by Infobae.', u'Seven well-known football figures were detained in Switzerland on May 27 as part of a U.S.-led investigation into bribery and corruption by FIFA officials.', u'According to CONMEBOL, the Argentine Pope received a South America delegation in April which included a number of regional officials, including Venezuelan football boss Rafael Esquivel, one of the seven arrested.', u'Paraguay passed a measure on Thursday to withdraw immunity for CONMEBOL, which has its headquarters in capital Asuncion.', u"(Reporting by Philip Pullella; Additional reporting and writing by Rosalba O'Brien in Santiago; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)"]), ([u'Ex-Giants RB Wilson Set to Make Pro Debut in Triple Jump'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  His football career cut short, David Wilson found competition anywhere he could: pool, Uno, Connect Four.', u"Now he finally gets to compete for real for the first time since his final NFL game in October 2013. The former New York Giants running back is set to make his pro debut in track and field in the triple jump at Saturday's Adidas Grand Prix.", u"The meet is part of the Diamond League, the sport's top series. Among the other athletes scheduled to take part in the annual event on Randall's Island, east of upper Manhattan, is Usain Bolt.", u"While Wilson talks about getting his feet wet, his goals are anything but modest. He hopes to qualify for this summer's U.S. championships in what will be his only chance to do so. And just 14 months away, he aims to not only reach the 2016 Rio Olympics but win a medal there.", u'A state champion triple jumper in high school, Wilson finished sixth at the NCAA meet in 2011 for Virginia Tech despite not training full time. So when a neck injury forced him to retire from the NFL at age 23 in August, Wilson quickly settled on track and field when he contemplated what else he was good at.', u'Wilson has been working at the U.S. Olympic Training Center in Chula Vista, California. He practices with Will Claye, the 2012 Olympic silver medalist, getting a firsthand tutorial on how to excel in the sport.', u"Wilson's personal best is 52 feet, 6 3/4 inches. He's hoping for a jump of more than 53-9 on Saturday to get him into the U.S. championships, which start June 25. Even more ambitiously, Wilson would like to top 55 feet as a Father's Day gift to his dad.", u"Cuba's Pedro Pablo Pichardo has the top personal best in the field at 59-4.", u'Wilson figures he has plenty of room to improve if he dedicates himself to triple jumping. At Virginia Tech, he would often arrive late to track workouts because of football practice.', u'"Anybody that sees me jump, they\'re like, \'You muscle the whole thing.\' It\'s not much technique to my jump," he said.', u'Not only can he hone his technique, but simple repetition can make a massive difference.', u'"To something as precise as triple jump, it definitely takes time to get good and to create the muscle memory," Wilson said.', u'In high school and college, there was never any doubt football should be his first priority. A highly rated recruit, Wilson set the single-season rushing record at Virginia Tech.', u"But he needed a challenge in the offseason and wasn't good at basketball. With the Hokies, he accepted the risk of injury and got permission from football coach Frank Beamer to become a two-sport star.", u'"He is just that competitive," said his college jumps coach, Charles Foster.', u'The Giants drafted him in the first round, 32nd overall, in 2012, and as a rookie, Wilson led the NFL with a franchise-record 1,533 kickoff return yards. But he was hurt only five games into his second season, when an MRI showed that Wilson had a narrowing of the spinal cord. He underwent spinal fusion surgery to repair vertebrae and a herniated disk in his neck.', u'Back on the field at the start of training camp last summer, Wilson caught a pass during a drill, put his head down and ran into the back of an offensive lineman. That hit caused numbness in his hands and lower extremities.', u"Doctors agreed it would be best for Wilson to quit football. Triple jumping poses no risk because there's no contact.", u"He misses football, for sure. The camaraderie of teamwork can't be replicated in an individual sport. Wilson describes the ache this way: getting dumped by someone you love.", u"Yet that won't dim his sunny disposition.", u'"If you\'re living for one thing, most of the time you\'re not living," Wilson said. "You should have plenty of reasons you\'re living and plenty of reasons to wake up every day and work for something."', u'He relishes the personal responsibility of track. No quarterback to overthrow a pass. No lineman to miss a block. No coach to call the wrong play.', u'"It\'s you. You stepped up there," he said. "You laced up your shoes and you did what you had to do."', u"The first challenge of his new sport: losing weight. Wilson played at about 210 pounds, but now he's competing against rivals in the 140-170 range. He's down to 189 and hopes to reach 180-185 pounds.", u'Saturday will be his first track meet since 2011. He has yet to try a full 12-step approach in practice. When he recently went eight steps, jumping 51 feet, he strained his right hamstring.', u'That left Wilson running out of time to try to qualify for the U.S. championships. This weekend is the last chance. Then he realized there is a meet in New York. What better place to open his second career than the city of his first?', u'Giants receiver Rueben Randle is among the former teammates he expects to attend.', u'Wilson says: "When I make the Olympic team ..." It\'s not an arrogant boast but the mentality required to reach the highest level of any sport.']), ([u'Twenty20 Set for U.S. in 2016: Top Official'], [u'(Reuters) - World-class cricket is finally coming to the United States with "three or four" matches being planned for south Florida next year, a top Caribbean official told Reuters on Thursday.', u'The matches will be Twenty20 fixtures, the relatively new form of cricket that takes just three hours -- shorter than an average Major League Baseball game.', u'They will be part of the Caribbean Premier League T20, a competition which is gearing up for its third season and already has celebrity involvement, with Hollywood actor Mark Wahlberg among the franchise owners.', u'"The plan is for three or four matches in Fort Lauderdale," Caribbean Premier League CEO Damien O\'Donohoe told Reuters in a telephone interview.', u"O'Donohoe, who hopes to establish a full-time franchise in North America, said next year's matches would be played at the Central Broward Stadium in Lauderhill, the only internationally certified cricket ground in the United States.", u"O'Donohoe is confident that the large Caribbean community in south Florida will pack out the stadium, which holds less than 10,000 people, but he is hopeful that Americans will also attend.", u'"Americans love watching the best players in the world. If anyone\'s in position to give it a shot, we\'re best positioned," he said.', u'Twenty20 cricket is a fast-paced game that bears little resemblance to five-day test matches that are often played at a soporific pace and are losing appeal even in traditional cricket-playing countries outside Australia and England.', u'In baseball parlance, each team sends down the equivalent of 120 pitches in Twenty20 -- or less if the batting team loses all 10 wickets (outs in baseball).', u'Sixes (the equivalent of a home run) are far more common in Twenty20 than homers are in baseball.', u'WILDLY POPULAR', u"The new shortened form of cricket has become wildly popular in cricket-playing countries, particularly in India where the world's top players are paid millions, salaries that rival those in major American sports.", u'The Caribbean Twenty20 has six franchises \u2013 one each in Jamaica, Trinidad, Barbados, Guyana, St. Lucia and St. Kitts.', u'The teams comprise mainly the best players from West Indies, along with a sprinkling of overseas stars.', u'Wahlberg has equity in the Barbados Tridents franchise, while Bollywood icon Shah Rukh Khan has just bought the Trinidad and Tobago Red Steel.', u'Scottish actor Gerard Butler owns part of the Jamaica Tallawahs.', u"This year's league will run from June 20 until July 26, but O'Donohoe hopes to move the competition to October next year to avoid clashing with the English season, thereby allowing more top internationals to participate.", u'He has plans for a full-time franchise in North America, with New York, Toronto and south Florida among the leading candidates.', u'"Next year will be a \'dip-our-toes-in-the-water\' exercise, but absolutely that is the plan," said O\'Donohoe. "If any form of cricket is going to be successful, it\'s going to be Twenty20. We really believe in the product we have.', u'"We might just have to show Americans that a six is a home run."', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Friendly Wager Spurs Group to Share of LPGA Lead'], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  A friendly wager helped spur Brittany Lincicome and Jessica Korda to join playing partner Cristie Kerr in a tie for the early lead in Thursday's opening round of the KPMG Women's PGA Championship.", u'Fellow Americans Korda and Lincicome were struggling on the front nine at Westchester Country Club and decided they could use a little spark to move up the leaderboard.', u'"Korda and I were both two over par and we said when we made the turn (after birdies at the ninth), \'Let\'s do a $5 birdie game to get us motivated to shoot better,\'" said Lincicome, who is aiming for a second straight major after winning the ANA Inspiration.', u'The ploy worked as both Lincicome and Korda rebounded to register three-under-par rounds of 70 to join Kerr in an 11-way tie for the lead among the early finishers.', u'Lincicome was pleased, but said it was not the happiest ending for her.', u'"She (Korda) birdied the last so we were tied unfortunately or I was going to be up $5," joked the long-hitting Lincicome.', u'"We just needed something to kind of motivate us to get back in it. We weren\'t out of it by any means, but obviously being a major, you never know if you\'re going to birdie that many holes coming in."', u'Lincicome took a short cut by posting an eagle at the par-five 15th, while Korda birdied the last two to reach 70.', u'Kerr was not invited to join the wager, said Lincicome.', u'"We didn\'t let Kerr in because she was already making too many birdies. She doesn\'t need any motivation," she said.', u'Kerr said she had benefited from playing in the friendly group.', u'"We are all friends and Solheim Cup team members," said Kerr. "It was a good group to be in, I think, because the mood was very light. It wasn\'t so serious that you\'re grinding a ton. That was good."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Orioles RHP Gonzalez Goes on DL; RHP Wright Recalled'], [u'BALTIMORE \u2014  Orioles right-hander Miguel Gonzalez was placed on the 15-day disabled list Thursday with a right groin strain.', u"The injury occurred during Baltimore's game against Boston on Tuesday night. Two days later, Gonzalez still experienced discomfort.", u'"I understand that it\'s the right thing to do," he said of the move. "It\'s not feeling any better. It\'s still sore. As I walk I feel it."', u'Gonzalez is 5-4 with a 3.33 ERA in 12 starts.', u"By being sidelined for no less than two weeks, he won't feel compelled to rush back.", u'"If I feel ready, I\'m going to go out there and compete," Gonzalez said. "We don\'t want to rush it. Right now there\'s no point in doing it."', u'Baltimore recalled right-hander Mike Wright from Triple-A Norfolk to fill out the roster, which is now at 24 players because lefty Brian Matusz is serving an eight-game suspension for using a foreign substance while on the mound.', u'Earlier this season, Wright became the second pitcher in Orioles history to begin his career with two consecutive scoreless starts. He has made four starts, going 2-1 with a 2.96 ERA.', u"Wright will be in the bullpen for the next few days. If he is not used, Wright probably will fill in for Gonzalez as Baltimore's starter Sunday against the New York Yankees."]), ([u"Romania's Manea Joins Chelsea, Hagi's Son Moves to Fiore"], [u"BUCHAREST \u2014  Romania's young defender Cristian Manea has signed for Premier League champions Chelsea from FC Viitorul Constanta while his team mate Ianis Hagi is joining Serie A side Fiorentina, the club said on Thursday.", u'"Manea and Hagi deals were completed," Viitorul general director Cristian Bivolaru told local media without giving details of the transfer fees or length of contracts.', u'Manea, who turns 18 in August, made his Romania debut aged just 16 against Albania in a friendly in May 2014.', u'The teenager, considered one of the best young players in Romania, also attracted interest from Arsenal, Ajax Amsterdam and Udinese before signing for Chelsea, local media reported.', u'Botosaru said the versatile Manea, who can play at right back, centre back and as a holding midfielder, will probably be loaned out in the Netherlands for the 2015-2016 season.', u'Ianis Hagi, 16, is the son of former Romania captain Gheorghe Hagi, who founded and owns the club which is known for nurturing young talent in the Black Sea state.', u'He is an under-17 international and scored once in seven league appearances for Viitorul last season when they finished 11th in the 18-team Romanian league.', u'Botosaru said there is a possibility Hagi could be loaned back to Viitorul for a season.', u'(Reporting by Angel Krasimirov; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Factbox-U.S. Open Champions'], [u'(Reuters) - A list of ', u" champions ahead of this year's edition to be played at Chambers Bay in University Place, Washington from June 18-21 (U.S. unless stated):", u'2014 Martin Kaymer (Germany)', u'2013 Justin Rose (England)', u'2012 Webb Simpson', u'2011 Rory McIlroy (Northern Ireland)', u'2010 Graeme McDowell (Northern Ireland)', u'2009 Lucas Glover', u'2008 Tiger Woods', u'2007 Angel Cabrera (Argentina)', u'2006 Geoff Ogilvy (Australia)', u'2005 Michael Campbell (New Zealand)', u'2004 Retief Goosen (South Africa)', u'2003 Jim Furyk', u'2002 Woods', u'2001 Goosen', u'2000 Woods', u'1999 Payne Stewart', u'1998 Lee Janzen', u'1997 Ernie Els (South Africa)', u'1996 Steve Jones', u'1995 Corey Pavin', u'1994 Els', u'1993 Janzen', u'1992 Tom Kite', u'1991 Stewart', u'1990 Hale Irwin', u'1989 Curtis Strange', u'1988 Strange', u'1987 Scott Simpson', u'1986 Ray Floyd', u'1985 Andy North', u'1984 Fuzzy Zoeller', u'1983 Larry Nelson', u'1982 Tom Watson', u'1981 David Graham (Australia)', u'1980 Jack Nicklaus', u'1979 Irwin', u'1978 North', u'1977 Hubert Green', u'1976 Jerry Pate', u'1975 Lou Graham', u'1974 Irwin', u'1973 Johnny Miller', u'1972 Nicklaus', u'1971 Lee Trevino', u'1970 Tony Jacklin (England)', u'1969 Orville Moody', u'1968 Trevino', u'1967 Nicklaus', u'1966 Billy Casper', u'1965 Gary Player (South Africa)', u'1964 Ken Venturi', u'1963 Julius Boros', u'1962 Nicklaus', u'1961 Gene Littler', u'1960 Arnold Palmer', u'1959 Casper', u'1958 Tommy Bolt', u'1957 Dick Mayer', u'1956 Cary Middlecoff', u'1955 Jack Fleck', u'1954 Ed Furgol', u'1953 Ben Hogan', u'1952 Boros', u'1951 Hogan', u'1950 Hogan', u'1949 Middlecoff', u'1948 Hogan', u'1947 Lew Worsham', u'1946 Lloyd Mangrum', u'1945 No tournament', u'1944 No tournament', u'1943 No tournament', u'1942 No tournament', u'1941 Craig Wood', u'1940 Lawson Little', u'1939 Byron Nelson', u'1938 Ralph Guldahl', u'1937 Guldahl', u'1936 Tony Manero', u'1935 Sam Parks, jnr', u'1934 Olin Dutra', u'1933 Johnny Goodman', u'1932 Gene Sarazen', u'1931 Billy Burke', u'1930 Bobby Jones', u'1929 Jones', u'1928 Johnny Farrell', u'1927 Tommy Armour', u'1926 Jones', u'1925 Willie MacFarlane', u'1924 Cyril Walker', u'1923 Jones', u'1922 Sarazen', u'1921 Jim Barnes', u'1920 Ted Ray (Britain)', u'1919 Walter Hagen', u'1918 No tournament', u'1917 No tournament', u'1916 Chick Evans', u'1915 Jerome Travers', u'1914 Hagen', u'1913 Francis Ouimet', u'1912 John McDermott', u'1911 McDermott', u'1910 Alex Smith', u'1909 George Sargent', u'1908 Fred McLeod', u'1907 Alex Ross', u'1906 Alex Smith', u'1905 Willie Anderson (Britain)', u'1904 Anderson', u'1903 Anderson', u'1902 Laurie Auchterlonie (Britain)', u'1901 Anderson', u'1900 Harry Vardon (Britain)', u'1899 Willie Smith', u'1898 Fred Herd', u'1897 Joe Lloyd', u'1896 James Foulis', u'1895 Horace Rawlins', u'(Compiled by Mark Lamport-Stokes; Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u'British Style U.S. Open May Give Mickelson an Edge'], [u'(Reuters) - Phil Mickelson is racing against father time as much as his competitors as he tries to complete a career grand slam of the four majors by winning the U.S. Open.', u'Mickelson, who has been runner-up in his national championship a record six times, will celebrate his 45th birthday on Tuesday, just two days before the opening round of the 115th U.S. Open, being played at Chambers Bay in Washington.', u'Should he go on to claim the title in the Pacific Northwest, he would become only the sixth player to win all four modern majors.', u'Mickelson would also become the second oldest U.S. Open champion behind fellow American Hale Irwin, who was also 45 when he beat Mike Donald at the 19th extra hole in a playoff for the 1990 title at Medinah.', u"Records are there to be broken but there is a reason why Irwin's mark has stood for more than two decades. Experience may offer middle-aged players an edge in course management, but there is generally no substitute for the athleticism of youth.", u"This year's U.S. Open, however, just might be different, due to the many nuances of a links-style Chambers Bay layout that takes time to learn.", u"Mickelson has already done his reconnaissance at the venue, which may give him an edge over late arrivals for the tournament -- if widespread reports about the course's many subtleties are to be believed.", u'The left-hander says Chambers Bay, adjacent to Puget Sound, is as close to a British Open links course as you will ever find in North America and he likens it to St. Andrews, a layout that has baffled many a first-timer.', u'"I think it\'s wonderful," he said of Chambers Bay. "The first time you play it, it\'s like St. Andrews.\xa0You don\'t know where to go.\xa0You don\'t know what mounds do what to the ball.', u'"The first time I played St. Andrews, I\'m like, I don\'t know if I get it.\xa0Then the more you play it, the more you like it and you appreciate it, you understand where the balls are going to go and what type of shot is the highest percentage shot and how to get to certain pins and so forth."', u'After digressing to talk about St. Andrews, Mickelson returned to the topic of Chambers Bay.', u'"I can see why the first impression isn\'t as favorable for some," he said.\xa0"But I think the more you play it, the more you like it. The first time you play it, though, you don\'t know where (the ball is) going to go.', u'"You hit one place and it ends up over here.\xa0Then you realize where you\'re supposed to try to hit it and how to get to certain pins.\xa0And then all of a sudden, it makes sense."It plays exactly like the British Open plays.\xa0The ball runs like the British, you\'re hitting the same shots as the British, and so it\'s like a British Open in the U.S."', u"Mickelson's pre-tournament form is probably irrelevant, because he has shown time and again that mediocre performances in the lead-up tournaments have not prevented him from peaking for the majors.", u'ELUSIVE OPEN TITLE', u'But while he has won three Masters (2004, 2006, 2010), one British Open (2013) and one PGA Championship (2005), his bid for a first national Open has proved more elusive than a Bigfoot sighting in the woods of Washington State.', u'Not only has Mickelson finished runner-up a record six times, but in most of those near-misses he had a genuine chance of winning.', u'Two close calls that stand out are the 2004 U.S. Open at Shinnecock, where South African Retief Goosen putted like a magician in the final round, to edge Mickelson by two strokes.', u'Even closer was the 1999 Open at Pinehurst where Payne Stewart sank a 15-footer at the final hole to beat Mickelson by one shot.', u'But the near-miss that most rankles Mickelson is the 2006 U.S. Open at Winged Foot, where he came to the final hole needing only a par to win and a bogey to force a playoff.', u'After hitting a bad drive, he could have pitched out, which would have given him a straightforward third shot to the green, and probably a bogey at worst.', u'Instead, Mickelson opted for the miracle shot, struck a tree and made a sickening double bogey to hand Australian Geoff Ogilvy the trophy.', u'"I am such an idiot," Mickelson said afterwards. "I had it right there in my hands, and I let it go. I just can\'t believe I did that."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Fans Prep for Travel Odyssey Ahead of U.S. Open'], [u"UNIVERSITY PLACE, Washington \u2014  Fans hoping to watch next week's ", u" at Chambers Bay must get there first, completing a daily odyssey of lengthy bus rides or carefully researched alternatives to find a course nestled between a leafy suburb's tiny streets and the Puget Sound.", u"Nearly a quarter million people are expected to descend on Pierce County's public golf course from June 18-21 in University Place, about an hour's drive south of Seattle, creating logistical hurdles for the Pacific Northwest's first Open.", u'"We\'ve spent the better part of two years creating a transportation and security plan -- and it\'s rock solid," Pierce County Executive Pat McCarthy told Reuters.', u'"It doesn\'t mean you won\'t be in congested traffic. People know this is a major event."', u'The time it takes to reach Chambers Bay depends, among other things, on who you are.', u"Golf's top professionals, like world number one Rory McIlroy and Masters champion Jordan Spieth, as well as select officials and dignitaries, will drive right up to the links-style course, waving coveted credentials as they cross security checkpoints.", u'Roughly 30,000 fans will journey to Chambers Bay each day next week and the majority of those will be directed to free parking in two massive holding lots in neighboring cities Puyallup and Lakewood.', u"From there, they will board many of the nearly 300 shuttle buses -- from the stylish coach to the yellow school varieties -- for 30-minute-plus rides along thoroughfares and meandering two-lane streets that lead, eventually, to the course's freshly built Spectator Square.", u'Some 5,000 volunteers, VIPs, venders and journalists will park in about a dozen other lots closer to the course, though their shuttle bus routes may have to navigate traffic-slowing roundabouts in the neighborhoods approaching the course.', u"Other than that, there is one drop-off point at an elementary school that will put fans exiting taxis, limousines or their wife's car within a 10-minute walk of an entrance gate, which opens each day of the tournament at 6 a.m. local time.", u'Walking the course can be a breath-sucking endeavor, with sharp elevation changes and uneven surfaces, and officials are warning fans to "be conscious of your physical limitations and be sure to wear appropriate footwear".', u'ALTERNATIVE TRAVEL OPTIONS', u'Some fans weary of the herd have spent hours developing alternative travel plans, including shelling out thousands of dollars for rental homes that are walking distance to the course.', u'Michael Smith, a Seattle banker, plans to drive to an unspecified city about an hour down Interstate 5 from his house, and use his mobile phone to order a car from rideshare company Uber, which will then drop him off at the school for a gingerly walk to the course.', u'"I don\'t want to do the main lot and a 45-minute bus ride," Smith said. "They have nice comfortable coaches and it works really, really well. It just eats into your time that you spend there."', u'The travel plans mirror previous U.S. Opens, with the United States Golf Association and county partners spending months testing traffic pattern and crowd management theories to build tournament-tested security protocols fit for air, land, and sea.', u'All attendees must pass through security screening for not just weapons but also mobile devices bigger than 7 inches, noise makers, step ladders, metal-spiked shoes, large bags, banners, and food or drink that is not meant for babies or medicine.', u'Puget Sound boaters, some of whom may have hoped to catch a glimpse of play with binoculars, will have to stay outside a 1,000-yard "security zone" policed by the U.S Coast Guard, which can impose fines as much as $40,000.', u'Also barred from entering that zone will be environmental activists in boats who have planned a demonstration against fossil fuel-toting trains that run alongside the course.', u'Despite the well-laid plans, officials are hoping for a bit of luck too, such as rain-free skies and no congestion-causing collisions along the shuttle bus routes.', u"Some grander plans were scrapped, like a commuter train that would have dropped fans off at the site, as officials preferred the park-and-ride schemes used at Merion outside Philadelphia for the 2013 Open or New York's Bethpage Black, in 2009.", u'"It\'s a golf course, not a football stadium," said Simon Landon of Chicago, who recently played at Chambers Bay. "People know it\'s a whole-day thing."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Some Things to Know About 8 College World Series Contenders'], [u"OMAHA, Neb. \u2014  The College World Series field is full of pedigree. A record-tying four of the teams are from the powerful Southeastern Conference, and each of the eight has made it to Omaha at least three times in the last decade. As for individual talent, well, there's an abundance of it.", u'The first pitch is Saturday. Here are some things to know:', u'CHAMP IS BACK: Vanderbilt will defend its national championship, and with three of their eight draft picks taken in the first round, the Commodores must be considered one of the favorites. Vandy has outscored opponents 53-7 while sweeping through its five regional and super-regional games and is batting .354 with nine home runs in the NCAA Tournament.', u'NATIONAL SEEDS: Four of the eight national seeds reached the CWS. The survivors are No. 2 LSU, No. 4 Florida, No. 5 Miami and No. 7 TCU. Six of the eight teams were top seeds in their regionals; Arkansas was a No. 2 and Virginia a No. 3.', u"FEELING A DRAFT: Four of the top eight picks in this week's Major League Baseball draft, and six first-round selections in all, will be playing in Omaha. Vanderbilt's Dansby Swanson (Diamondbacks) and LSU's Alex Bregman (Astros), both shortstops, went 1-2. Arkansas outfielder Andrew Benintendi (Red Sox) and Vandy pitcher Carson Fulmer (White Sox) went 7-8. Florida shortstop Richie Martin (Athletics) was the 20th pick and Vandy pitcher Walker Buehler (Dodgers) the 24th. It's the most first-rounders in the CWS since there were seven in 2008.", u'SEC IS REPRESENTING: This marks the fourth time a single conference has had four teams in the CWS. The SEC tied the record it set in 1997 and matched in 2004 by sending Arkansas, Florida, LSU and Vanderbilt. The Atlantic Coast Conference had four teams make it in 2006.', u"GOING DEEP: One of the biggest story lines is whether the new flat-seam ball will help produce more home runs at TD Ameritrade Park. The total last year was three, same as in 2013. There is no shortage of power this year. Miami's David Thompson and Arkansas' Benintendi have 19 homers apiece to lead the nation, and Florida's JJ Schwartz has gone deep 18 times. Vanderbilt is sixth nationally with 66 homers, Miami is 11th with 62 and Florida is 13th with 60.", u'SLICK-FIELDING FLORIDA: The Gators are the best defensive team in the nation with their .985 fielding percentage. No one is better than third baseman Josh Tobias, who has committed one error in 131 chances.', u"PITCHING POWER: TCU, at 2.38, is among four teams with ERAs under 3.00. Vanderbilt, behind Carson Fulmer's 152 strikeouts, leads the nation with 9.7 Ks per nine innings. Florida's A.J. Puk is striking out 12.3 per nine innings. Cal State Fullerton's strikeout-to-walk ratio is 4.9-to-1 largely because Thomas Eshelman has walked only seven batters in 131 1/3 innings this season and 18 in 370 2/3 career innings.", u"ON THE RUN: LSU, TCU and Vanderbilt rank among the best base-stealing teams in the nation, with each swiping more than 100. Bregman's 37 steals are most of any player in the CWS. TCU's Cody Jones has 31.", u"BEST WHEN IT MATTERS MOST: Cal State Fullerton, Arkansas and Virginia all overcame rough patches on the road to Omaha. The Titans were 11-12 in late March and 21-20 on April 25. Since then they're 18-3. Arkansas started 9-2, lost 13 of its next 19 to stand 15-15 on April 4, and is 25-8 since. Virginia struggled with injuries and was 11-15 in ACC games before winning its last five to sneak into the conference tournament, where it lost three of four. The Cavaliers have won five in a row since.", u"HOME AGAIN: Virginia coach Brian O'Connor gets to come home yet again, having brought his Cavaliers to the CWS for the fourth time in seven years. He grew up across the Missouri River in Council Bluffs, Iowa, and went to college a few blocks away from the stadium at Creighton. O'Connor pitched on CU's 1991 CWS team, and he was an assistant on Notre Dame's 2002 team that reached Omaha."]), ([u"McIlroy's Preparations to Be Tested by Chambers Bay"], [u"(Reuters) - One criticism of world number one Rory McIlroy is that he does not always grind out a decent score when the going gets tough, a theory that likely will be put to the test in next week's ", u' at Chambers Bay.', u'With widespread reports indicating that the links-style course next to Puget Sound will penalize everyone with some unlucky breaks from apparently good golf shots, patience will not only be a virtue but an absolute necessity.', u"McIlroy's best golf is clearly better than his rivals' and he has not been world number one for more than 80 weeks by accident, but he has had a tendency during his career to throw in a few bad rounds and bad tournaments between dominating displays.", u'When his game starts going south, the Northern Irishman does not always manage to eke out a decent score.', u'Not only is the 26-year-old coming off missed cuts in his last two tournaments on the European Tour but his normal ball-flight is quite high, something that is not always ideal on exposed courses where the wind often blows.', u'That is the case the prosecution might offer on why McIlroy will not win at Chambers Bay, but he will likely start as the betting favorite for the second major of the season.', u'McIlroy drives the ball so well when he is on his game and has the ability to work it both ways off the tee so there is never a hole he cannot handle, whether it is a left-to-right dogleg or vice-versa.', u'Not only can he hit the knockdown shot when needed, but his normal shot does not launch into the stratosphere as much as some might imagine.', u'LAUNCH ANGLE', u'He ranks just 64th on the PGA Tour in launch angle with his driver, his ball leaving the tee, on average, at an angle of 11.62 per cent, more than two percent lower than the real high-ball hitters.', u'McIlroy already has four majors under his belt, two by wide margins, including his maiden major title by eight strokes at the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional.', u'Conditions that week at Congressional, however, were unusually soft due to heavy rain and led to aggressive target golf -- something that probably will not be possible at Chambers Bay.', u'McIlroy scoffed recently at comments made by U.S. Golf Association executive director Mike Davis that intensive reconnaissance -- more than just two practice rounds -- would be needed by anyone with a genuine desire to win at Chambers Bay, due to the many nuances of the course.', u'"What\'s Mike Davis\' handicap?" said McIlroy, who does not plan any special preparation. He will, however, arrive at the venue a little earlier than usual, long enough, in his mind at least, to become acquainted with the layout.', u'"No one is going to go out there and play 10 practice rounds," McIlroy said. "I\'m going to go up a little early, play a couple practice rounds the weekend before and then I\'ll probably play another 18 holes.', u'"It\'s a bit of an unknown to most people so you have to prepare but I think you can fall into the trap of trying to over-prepare. If you don\'t go out there and execute the shots on the week, all that preparation doesn\'t mean anything.', u'"So, I\'d much rather have my game in good shape going in there and play practice rounds the way I usually would.\xa0I think that will do well for me."', u'That ploy has done well for McIlroy in the past, but whether it will work next week is an open question that will only be answered over four days of competition -- or just two days if things really go awry.', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'McIlroy, Spieth Lead Young Gun U.S. Open Challenge'], [u"(Reuters) - As golf's best players converge on Chambers Bay in the Pacific Northwest for next week's ", u', much of the focus will be firmly fixed on the young guns who are likely to dominate in the majors for the foreseeable future.', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth and world number one Rory McIlroy, a four-times major winner, are top of that class but in hot pursuit are the likes of Australian Jason Day, American Rickie Fowler and rising Japanese talent Hideki Matsuyama.', u'"The amazing thing about this group of players is that we\'ve come on tour and we\'ve been ready to win from the start," said McIlroy, a 26-year-old from Northern Ireland.', u'"Jordan wins his first major at 21. Rickie got his first (PGA Tour) win (at the 2012 Well Fargo Championship) but he really elevated his status with that win (at last month\'s Players Championship).', u'"A lot of guys have come out here and it hasn\'t taken them long how to learn how to win. We don\'t play maybe with as much fear as some of the rookies used to in the past."', u'American Spieth was proof of that at the Masters in April when, aged just 21, he claimed his first major title with a record-equaling display at Augusta National.', u'Brilliant putting, ice-cool composure, careful decision making and the occasional dose of good fortune helped him open with an eight-under 64 and he never relinquished control of the tournament as he completed a wire-to-wire victory by four shots.', u'LIKELIEST CHALLENGER', u'Most pundits view Spieth as the likeliest challenger to McIlroy for golfing supremacy over the next decade, but the Texan, who is known for his humility, will not yet agree.', u'"I still think I have a long way to go to where I could be considered that," said world number two Spieth. "I\'m off to a good start. I don\'t like to think much about it because his success ... I can\'t compare what I\'ve done to what he\'s done.', u'"In order to have a rivalry, we need to be competing against each other consistently at the highest level, and that hasn\'t happened yet.', u'"There\'s a lot of young players that can certainly step up and also take that role, so I have my goal ahead of me. But it would be really, really cool for that to happen."', u'World number eight Fowler, who tied for 12th at the Masters, became last year only the third player, after Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods, to finish in the top five at all four majors in the same season.', u'Viewed by some as a brilliant talent who should have won many more tournaments, Fowler delivered a perfect riposte with a stunning eagle-birdie-birdie finish before clinching the 2015 Players Championship, the unofficial fifth major, in a playoff.', u'"The game, I don\'t think, could really be in a better place," said the 26-year-old Fowler. "There\'s a lot of great players right now, a lot of young guys playing well.', u'"Rory ... he\'s done so well at playing at No. 1 and dealing with everything being the best player in the world. And then Jordan playing well and being No. 2 now.', u'"Rory has distanced himself a bit from this group of younger guys, but there\'s going to be a lot of good competition in the years to come. A lot of great young players, and none of us are afraid. We\'re ready to go to battle and have some fun."', u'The fun is almost certain to continue next week at Chambers Bay where McIlroy, Spieth, Fowler, the 27-year-old Jason Day and Matsuyama, aged just 23, can all be expected to contend for the title.', u'(Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u'Factbox-U.S. Open Facts and Figures'], [u'(Reuters) - The ', u' golf tournament will celebrate its 115th edition from June 18-21 when it is held for the first time in the Pacific Northwest on the links-style Chambers Bay layout in University Place, Washington.', u"* The second of the year's four major championships, the U.S. Open is staged in mid-June with the final round, weather-permitting, played on the third Sunday of the month -- on Father's Day.", u'* The U.S. Open is widely regarded as the toughest of the four majors with its traditional course set-up of narrow fairways, thick rough and firm, fast conditions combining to produce a severe mental challenge.', u'* It was played for the first time as a 36-hole competition in a single day on October 4, 1895 at Newport Country Club in Newport, Rhode Island. Horace Rawlins, a 21-year-old Englishman, claimed the inaugural title.', u'* The tournament was dominated by British players in the early years until John McDermott, in 1911, became the first winner who was born in the United States.', u'* Two years later, Francis Ouimet at the age of 20 beat British golfing heavyweights Harry Vardon and Ted Ray in a playoff over 18 holes to win the 1913 U.S. Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts, a victory that electrified the nation and set the tone for a pipeline of American winners.', u'* By the end of World War Two, the U.S. Open had become an important world championship and gained a significant surge in popularity when Georgia amateur Bobby Jones dominated the event with four victories between 1923 and 1930.', u"* Spectator tickets were sold for the first time in 1922 and, following a boom in entries, the United States Golf Association -- the tournament's organising body -- introduced sectional qualifying in 1924.", u'* Jones, widely regarded as the greatest amateur of all time, won the last of his four Open titles at Interlachen in 1930 when he holed a 40-foot putt on the 18th green to clinch victory by two strokes from Macdonald Smith.', u'* In 1950, just 16 months after breaking his pelvis, a shoulder, a rib and an ankle in a car accident that almost killed him, Ben Hogan played through extreme pain and nausea to win his second U.S. Open in an 18-hole playoff with George Fazio and Lloyd Mangrum at Merion.', u"* Arnold Palmer's first shot in the final round of the 1960 Open at Cherry Hills set the tone for a brilliant closing round of 65 and one of the greatest last-day victory charges of all time in a major championship.", u'* Aged 40, Jack Nicklaus improved his own U.S. Open scoring record by three strokes when he won the 1980 championship for a record-equalling fourth time with a 72-hole aggregate of 272 at Baltusrol Golf Club.', u'* Hale Irwin, aged 45, became the oldest U.S. Open winner when he clinched the title for a third time after a playoff with journeyman Mike Donald at Medinah in 1990.', u'* Tiger Woods, firmly established as the world number one, was in a class of his own as he romped to his first U.S. Open victory at Pebble Beach in 2000 by a tournament record 15 strokes, a closing four-under 67 putting him level with the Nicklaus benchmark of 12-under 272.', u"* Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy, aged 22, confirmed his rich promise as a potential golfing great with a commanding eight-stroke victory in the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional where he posted a tournament low of 16-under 268 for 72 holes.", u'(Writing by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue and Andrew Both)']), ([u'Statistical Records From U.S. Opens'], [u'(Reuters) - Following is a list of statistical records from the ', u" since the inaugural event was held at Newport in 1895, ahead of next week's June 18-21 edition at Chambers Bay in University Place, Washington:", u'- - - -', u'Most titles:', u'Four - Willie Anderson (1901, 1903, 1904, 1905); Bobby Jones (1923, 1926, 1929, 1930); Ben Hogan (1948, 1950, 1951, 1953); Jack Nicklaus (1962, 1967, 1972, 1980)', u'Three - Hale Irwin (1974, 1979, 1990); Tiger Woods (2000, 2002, 2008)', u'- - - -', u'Most times a runner-up', u'Six - Phil Mickelson (1999, 2002, 2004, 2006, 2009, 2013)', u'Four - Bobby Jones (1922, 1924, 1925, 1928); Sam Snead (1937, 1947, 1949, 1953); Jack Nicklaus (1960, 1968, 1971, 1982); Arnold Palmer (1962, 1963, 1966, 1967)', u'- - - -', u'Most top-five finishes:', u'11 - Willie Anderson, Jack Nicklaus', u'10 - Alex Smith, Walter Hagen, Ben Hogan, Arnold Palmer', u'- - - -', u'Most top-10 finishes:', u'18 - Jack Nicklaus', u'16 - Walter Hagen', u'15 - Ben Hogan', u'14 - Gene Sarazen', u'- - - -', u'Oldest champions:', u'Hale Irwin, 1990 - 45 years 15 days', u'Raymond Floyd, 1986 - 43 years nine months 11 days', u'Ted Ray, 1920 - 43 years four months 16 days', u'- - - -', u'Youngest champion:', u'John J. McDermott, 1911 - 19 years 10 months 14 days', u'- - - -', u'Lowest 18-hole rounds:', u'63 (eight under) - Johnny Miller, final round, Oakmont, 1973', u'63 (seven under) - Jack Nicklaus, first round, Baltusrol, 1980; Tom Weiskopf, first round, Baltusrol, 1980; Vijay Singh, second round, Olympia Fields, 2003', u'- - - -', u'Lowest 36-hole totals:', u'130 - Martin Kaymer (65-65), Pinehurst No. 2, 2014', u'131 - Rory McIlroy (65-66), Congressional, 2011', u'132 - Ricky Barnes (67-65), Bethpage State Park, 2009', u'133 - Jim Furyk (67-66), Olympia Fields, 2003; Vijay Singh (70-63), Olympia Fields, 2003', u'134 - Jack Nicklaus (63-71), Baltusrol, 1980; Tze-Chung Chen (65-69), Oakland Hills, 1985; Lee Janzen (67-67), Baltusrol, 1993; Tiger Woods (65-69), Pebble Beach, 2000; Phil Mickelson (68-66), Shinnecock Hills, 2004; Shigeki Maruyama (66-68), Shinnecock Hills, 2004', u'- - - -', u'Lowest 54-hole totals:', u'199 - Rory McIlroy (65-66-68), Congressional, 2011', u'200 - Jim Furyk, (67-66-67), Olympia Fields, 2003', u'202 - Martin Kaymer (65-65-72), Pinehurst No. 2, 2014', u'203 - George Burns (69-66-68), Merion, 1981; Tze-Chung Chen (65-69-69), Oakland Hills, 1985; Lee Janzen (67-67-69), Baltusrol, 1993; Stephen Leaney (67-68-68), Olympia Fields, 2003', u'- - - -', u'Lowest 72-hole totals:', u'268 (16 under par) - Rory McIlroy (65-66-68-69), Congressional, 2011', u'271 (nine-under-par) \u2013 Martin Kaymer (65-65-72-69), Pinehurst No. 2, 2014', u'272 (12 under par) - Tiger Woods (65-69-71-67), Pebble Beach, 2000', u'272 (eight under par) - Jack Nicklaus (63-71-70-68), Baltusrol, 1980; Lee Janzen (67-67-69-69), Baltusrol, 1993; Jim Furyk (67-66-67-72), Olympia Fields, 2003', u'273 - David Graham (68-68-70-67), Merion, 1981', u'- - - -', u'Largest 18-hole lead:', u'Five - Tommy Armour (68), North Shore, 1933', u'Four - Olin Dutra (69), Fresh Meadow, 1932', u'- - - -', u'Largest 36-hole lead:', u'Six - Tiger Woods (134), Pebble Beach, 2000; Rory McIlroy (131), Congressional; Martin Kaymer (130), Pinehurst No. 2, 2014', u'Five - Willie Anderson (149), Baltusrol, 1903; Mike Souchak (135), Cherry Hills, 1960', u'Four - Tom McNamara (142), Englewood, 1909; James Barnes (144), Columbia, 1921', u'- - - -', u'Largest 54-Hole lead:', u'10 - Tiger Woods (205), Pebble Beach, 2000', u'Eight - Rory McIlroy (199), Congressional, 2011', u'Seven - James Barnes (217), Columbia, 1921', u'Six - Fred Herd (244), Myopia Hunt, 1898; Willie Anderson (225), Baltusrol, 1903; Johnny Goodman (211), North Shore, 1933', u'- - - -', u'Largest winning margin:', u'15 shots - Tiger Woods (272) Pebble Beach, 2000', u'11 - Willie Smith (315), Baltimore, 1899', u'Nine - James Barnes (289), Columbia, 1921', u'Eight - Martin Kaymer (271), Pinehurst No. 2, 2014; Rory McIlroy (268), Congressional, 2011', u'- - - -', u'Highest score on a single hole:', u'19 - Ray Ainsley, par-four 16th, Cherry Hills, 1938', u'- - - -', u'Most consecutive birdies:', u'Six - George Burns (holes two to seven), Pebble Beach, 1982; Andy Dillard (holes one to six), Pebble Beach, 1992', u'- - - -', u'Longest U.S. Open courses:', u'7,643 yards - Torrey Pines (South Course), California, 2008', u'7,562 yards - Pinehurst No. 2, North Carolina, 2014', u'7,514 yards - Congressional Country Club (Blue Course), Bethesda, Maryland, 2011', u'7,426 yards - Bethpage State Park (Black Course), New York, 2009', u'7,264 yards - Winged Foot (West Course), New York, 2006', u'- - - -', u'(Compiled by Mark Lamport-Stokes; Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u'Reds Shortstop Zack Cozart Has Torn Knee Ligaments, Tendon'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Cincinnati Reds shortstop Zack Cozart tore a tendon and two ligaments in his right knee and will need reconstructive surgery, leaving him with a nine-month rehabilitation.', u"Cozart hurt the knee when he slipped on first base while trying to beat out a grounder during a 5-2 win over Philadelphia on Wednesday. The team hadn't received results of tests on the knee when it headed to Chicago for the start of a four-game series.", u'The Reds announced before the game on Thursday that tests revealed a torn ACL, lateral collateral ligament and biceps tendon in his right knee. Cozart is scheduled for surgery on Monday.', u"It's a stinging setback for the Reds. Cozart is among the NL's top shortstops in numerous offensive categories, with nine homers and 28 RBIs.", u"He also was the Reds' second-leading candidate for the All-Star Game that will be played in Cincinnati next month. Only third baseman Todd Frazier has gotten more fan votes.", u'"It\'s really unfortunate for Zack," Reds Hall of Fame shortstop Barry Larkin said Thursday, during a conference call about the All-Star Game. "He did get off to a great start. He\'s a great guy. Injuries are part of the game. You just have to deal with it. Timing\'s everything."', u'The Reds put Cozart on the 15-day disabled list Thursday and optioned reliever Pedro Villarreal to Triple-A Louisville. They recalled infielders Chris Dominguez and Eugenio Suarez from Louisville.', u'Cincinnati is short-handed in the infield with second baseman Brandon Phillips temporarily sidelined by a strained groin. The Reds already were missing catcher Devin Mesoraco, left fielder Marlon Byrd and starter Homer Bailey.', u"Mesoraco has a hip problem that prevents him from catching and will require surgery. He's trying to learn to play left field at Louisville to fill in while Byrd recovers from a broken right wrist. Bailey is out for the season following Tommy John surgery.", u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Joe Kay in Cincinnati contributed to this report.']), ([u'USGA Chief Says Open Test Could Be a Mind Game'], [u'(Reuters) - The ', u" is the toughest test in major championship golf, and United States Golf Association chief Mike Davis says this year's examination at Chambers Bay will be as much mental as physical.", u'"It\'s going to require that the players think on their feet a little bit more than they would normally," USGA executive director Davis told Reuters in an interview.', u'"Players are not only going to have to execute good shots and think well, but they\'re going to have to manage how they play during the round."', u'The rolling Washington State course designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr., set along Puget Sound on land formerly used as a rock quarry and gravel mine, has been molded into a tree-less links course with dunes, elevations and fescue grass.', u'Banked hills and undulations in the fairways and around greens allow for multiple ways of playing to the greens and oversized tee areas allow Davis and his colleagues to change the look and strategy of holes from round to round.', u'"Having a game plan will help, but you got to think on your feet, too, which we think is part of the test of golf," said Davis.', u'"The U.S. Open is probably year-in and year-out maybe the hardest test of golf there is. We\'re setting it up close to the edge of not being fair, so you really have to be mindful how you think each hole is going to play, and how you want to play it."', u'The set-up of U.S. Opens over the years has made it the most exacting of major tournaments, making par a worthy score. In the last 10 years, winners have broken par for 72 holes four times.', u"The world's best golfers have been known to grumble and growl over the difficulty, prompting Davis's predecessor Sandy Tatum to famously defend the Winged Foot course that Hale Irwin won on in 1974 at seven over par.", u'"We are not trying to humiliate the best players in the world. We\'re simply trying to identify who they are," said Tatum.', u'SHIFTING APPROACH', u'The prototypical U.S. championship set-up featured narrow fairways, thick rough along the fairways and bordering the greens, and firm, fast conditions punishing the slightest error.', u'Davis said the USGA approach has shifted in recent years, yet the tournament remains a challenge.', u'In the last 15 years, the average winning U.S. Open total was a little more than three under par. The British Open winner averaged nearly nine under par, while the Masters and PGA Championship winner averaged 10 under par.', u'"The overriding philosophy I don\'t think has changed dramatically," said Davis.', u'"We want it to be a very stern, challenging test, some would say the most difficult test. (But) we\'re not trying to just make the course as tough as it could be. We could have 20 over par win on some courses.', u'"We are after shot-making skills, accuracy off the tee, rewarding distance control, the ability to recover when you get in trouble, thinking your way around, the ability to handle your nerves, the ability to handle something you\'re not planning."', u'Davis said these days the USGA is trying to celebrate the uniqueness of each course selected to host.', u'"We really are trying to showcase the architecture of each course a little bit more than we used to," he said about a departure from "more of a cookie-cutter set-up type days" of deep rough and narrow fairways.', u'"Now what we\'re really trying to do is say, \'Hey, what is the personality of each one of these great golf courses?\', and just let the architecture speak for itself a little more. I would say we\'re doing less tinkering now than we used to do."', u'Less tinkering, but greater variety.', u'"Up until 2005 when I took over with the set-up, we weren\'t really changing up tee grounds on a regular basis," Davis said.   "Now, we do want to mix up some. From different tees, you will have a different architectural feature come into play."', u'"One of the wonderful things about the game of golf is that the arena, the golf course, has so much to do with the excitement.', u'"Shot-making is still going to be a big part of it. You don\'t win an event unless you\'re really playing well that week.  But I think the players are really going to have to be thoughtful and embrace it."', u'(Reporting by Larry Fine in New York; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Key Anniversaries at the US Open'], [u'A look at some of the anniversaries at the US Open this year:', u'100 years ago (1915): A four-time U.S. Amateur champion, Jerome Travers won his only ', u' title with a 73-76 final day to hold off Tom McNamara by one shot at Baltusrol. It was the second time in three years an amateur had won the U.S. Open. Walter Hagen was the defending champion and finished nine shots behind. A short time after his victory, Travers announced his retirement from competition and never played another U.S. Open. Baltusrol was never the same, either. Three years later, it was torn up by course architect A.W. Tillinghast, who then created what is now the Upper and Lower courses.', u'___', u'75 years ago (1940): Seven of the top eight players on the leaderboard at Canterbury are enshrined in the World Golf Hall of Fame. The exception was the winner, Lawson Little, who captured his only major in the 1940 U.S. Open by beating Gene Sarazen in a playoff. Three players tied at 287. The third was Porky Oliver, who was disqualified for starting his round before the posted time in an effort to beat the storms. Little shot 70 in the playoff to win by three over Sarazen. The other players behind them \u2014 Horton Smith, Craig Wood, Ralph Guldahl, Ben Hogan, Lloyd Mangrum and Byron Nelson.', u'___', u'50 years ago (1965): Gary Player joined Gene Sarazen (1935) and Ben Hogan (1953) as the only players to capture the career Grand Slam. The 29-year-old South African nearly let it get away from him at Bellerive Country Club, a young course outside St. Louis. Player had a three-shot lead with three holes to play until a double bogey on the 16th hole, while Kel Nagle ahead of him made birdie on the 17th. They tied at 282 and faced a Monday playoff (this was the first U.S. Open played over four days). Player built a big lead early and shot 71 for a three-shot victory over the Australian. Jack Nicklaus would join Player with the Grand Slam a year later by winning the British Open.', u'___', u'25 years ago (1990): Hale Irwin was given a special exemption to the U.S. Open at Medinah. It had been five years since his last PGA Tour win and 11 years since he won his second U.S. Open title at Inverness. The 45-year-old Irwin became the oldest U.S. Open champion in history, and it was dramatic. Irwin made a 45-foot putt on the final hole and ran around the green high-fiving the gallery. That gave him a 67 and put him into a playoff against Mike Donald. They each shot 74 in the playoff, and Irwin won with a par on the first sudden-death hole. Curtis Strange was two shots behind going into the last round in his bid for a third straight U.S. Open. He closed with a 75 and tied for 21st.', u'___', u'20 years ago (1995): Corey Pavin shed his label as the best to have never won a major at Shinnecock Hills. Greg Norman and Tom Lehman were tied for the lead going into the final round. Norman closed with a 73. Lehman, the first of four straight U.S. Opens playing in the final group, shot a 74. Pavin effectively wrapped it up with a 4-wood to the tough 18th that bounded onto the green to about 5 feet. He missed the birdie putt but still shot 68 and won by two. Phil Mickelson played the par-5 16th hole in 6 over for the week and finished four shots behind.', u'___', u'10 years ago (2005): Michael Campbell got into the U.S. Open through the first sectional qualifier held in Europe. Then, he answered every challenge from Tiger Woods on the back nine to win at Pinehurst No. 2. Campbell finally put away Woods with a 20-foot birdie putt on the 17th hole. He closed with a 1-under 69 and finished at even-par 280. The final round also was marked by failure. Retief Goosen had a three-shot lead going into the final round and shot 81. He was chased by Jason Gore, who shot an 84, and by Olin Browne, who closed with an 80. It was the second straight year in the U.S. Open that a player in the final group shot 80 or higher.']), ([u'Factbox: U.S. Open Facts and Figures'], [u'(Reuters) - The ', u' golf tournament will celebrate its 115th edition from June 18-21 when it is held for the first time in the Pacific Northwest on the links-style Chambers Bay layout in University Place, Washington.', u"* The second of the year's four major championships, the U.S. Open is staged in mid-June with the final round, weather-permitting, played on the third Sunday of the month -- on Father's Day.", u'* The U.S. Open is widely regarded as the toughest of the four majors with its traditional course set-up of narrow fairways, thick rough and firm, fast conditions combining to produce a severe mental challenge.', u'* It was played for the first time as a 36-hole competition in a single day on October 4, 1895 at Newport Country Club in Newport, Rhode Island. Horace Rawlins, a 21-year-old Englishman, claimed the inaugural title.', u'* The tournament was dominated by British players in the early years until John McDermott, in 1911, became the first winner who was born in the United States.', u'* Two years later, Francis Ouimet at the age of 20 beat British golfing heavyweights Harry Vardon and Ted Ray in a playoff over 18 holes to win the 1913 U.S. Open at The Country Club in Brookline, Massachusetts, a victory that electrified the nation and set the tone for a pipeline of American winners.', u'* By the end of World War Two, the U.S. Open had become an important world championship and gained a significant surge in popularity when Georgia amateur Bobby Jones dominated the event with four victories between 1923 and 1930.', u"* Spectator tickets were sold for the first time in 1922 and, following a boom in entries, the United States Golf Association -- the tournament's organizing body -- introduced sectional qualifying in 1924.", u'* Jones, widely regarded as the greatest amateur of all time, won the last of his four Open titles at Interlachen in 1930 when he holed a 40-foot putt on the 18th green to clinch victory by two strokes from Macdonald Smith.', u'* In 1950, just 16 months after breaking his pelvis, a shoulder, a rib and an ankle in a car accident that almost killed him, Ben Hogan played through extreme pain and nausea to win his second U.S. Open in an 18-hole playoff with George Fazio and Lloyd Mangrum at Merion.', u"* Arnold Palmer's first shot in the final round of the 1960 Open at Cherry Hills set the tone for a brilliant closing round of 65 and one of the greatest last-day victory charges of all time in a major championship.", u'* Aged 40, Jack Nicklaus improved his own U.S. Open scoring record by three strokes when he won the 1980 championship for a record-equaling fourth time with a 72-hole aggregate of 272 at Baltusrol Golf Club.', u'* Hale Irwin, aged 45, became the oldest U.S. Open winner when he clinched the title for a third time after a playoff with journeyman Mike Donald at Medinah in 1990.', u'* Tiger Woods, firmly established as the world number one, was in a class of his own as he romped to his first U.S. Open victory at Pebble Beach in 2000 by a tournament record 15 strokes, a closing four-under 67 putting him level with the Nicklaus benchmark of 12-under 272.', u"* Northern Ireland's Rory McIlroy, aged 22, confirmed his rich promise as a potential golfing great with a commanding eight-stroke victory in the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional where he posted a tournament low of 16-under 268 for 72 holes.", u'(Writing by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue and Andrew Both)']), ([u'CBF Introduce Term Limits, Grant Clubs More Power'], [u'RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  The Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) introduced term limits and granted clubs more power over how Brazilian football is run, top officials from the group said on Thursday after an extraordinary general meeting.', u'The move comes as pressure mounts on the organisation to become more democratic and transparent in the wake of recent corruption allegations involving its former president and businessmen who did deals with the organisation.', u'A Congressional inquiry is due to start later this month into the running of the national game.', u"The new move allows the CBF president one four-year term and one possible re-election for a similar period, Marcus Antonio Vicente, one of the confederation's vice-presidents, told reporters outside the meeting at their headquarters in Rio.", u'Until now, successive re-elections were permitted, with the last but one president Ricardo Teixeira serving 23 years before resigning.', u'The last president, Jose Maria Marin, is in jail in Switzerland, one of those arrested in the FIFA corruption scandal last month. His successor Marco Polo Del Nero replaced him in April.', u'"One mandate plus re-election," Vicente said. "Del Nero ends his mandate in 2019 and could be re-elected until 2023."', u'The group also agreed regional and state federations would vote later to pass similar limits.', u'The move comes 14 months after other Brazilian sports associations took similar measures that were rejected by the CBF.', u"Thursday's meeting also agreed on the creation of a new commission that will give the clubs more say in how the game is run. Clubs will elect representatives from the top four divisions to rule on ticket prices and other key factors.", u'Until now the clubs were allowed to propose measures but the CBF had the power of veto over any changes.', u'"The CBF\'s veto is over, the clubs now have power," said Francisco Noveleto, head of one state football federation based in Porto Alegre.', u'DOMESTIC CHAOS', u'Brazil is home to Pele, Ronaldo and Neymar and the only country to win the World Cup five times. However, its domestic game is poorly run, with the best players all playing abroad and most clubs mired in debt.', u'The top 23 sides owe a collective 3.72 billion reais (around 773 million pounds), almost half of that in taxes owed to the government, according to a study by Itau BBA, a local investment bank.', u"Brazil's Congress passed legislation in March, but which is still to be approved, that gives clubs 20 years to pay off their debts.", u'Under the bill, the clubs could face relegation if they do not pay their players on time and adopt modern and transparent management procedures.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Downie; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Chambers Bay U.S. Open Rich With Possibilities'], [u"(Reuters) - There is no shortage of compelling storylines ahead of next week's ", u' at Chambers Bay where the likely form of a struggling Tiger Woods is a major question mark on a links-style course that has sparked controversial debate.', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth, aged 21, will spearhead a formidable challenge by an exciting crop of young guns seemingly set to dominate the game for the foreseeable future while world number one Rory McIlroy will bid for a fifth major title.', u'Perhaps the most heart-tugging topic heading into the 115th U.S. Open is whether or not Phil Mickelson can finally break through and win his national championship for the first time.', u"The American has been a runner-up at the U.S. Open a record six times, most recently in 2013 when he finished two shots behind England's Justin Rose at Merion, and he is yearning for the chance to complete a career grand slam of the four majors.", u'All of these varied storylines, however, will hinge on how well the players cope with the expansive Chambers Bay layout in Washington State where the vagaries of the weather will also be a major factor.', u"Designed by Robert Trent Jones Jr., Chambers Bay has no 'gray areas' and golfers competing in the year's second major will either love or hate the par-70 venue, which can measure anywhere from 7,200 to 7,600 yards depending on course set-up.", u'"I can see why the first impression isn\'t as favorable for some, but I think the more you play it, the more you like it," five-times major winner Mickelson said after taking his first look at the site.', u'"I really like it. The first time you play it, it\'s like St. Andrews. You don\'t know where to go. You don\'t know what mounds do what to do the ball.', u'"Then the more you play it, the more you like it and you appreciate it. You understand where the balls are going to go and what type of shot is the highest percentage shot."', u'Meandering tee boxes which are occasionally positioned on a slight slope, semi-blind shots from the fairway, fescue grass and pronounced elevation changes -- there is much to test the composure of players who have prepared as carefully as possible.', u'"I would contend that there is no way a player would have success at Chambers Bay unless he really studies the golf course and learns it," said United States Golf Association executive director Mike Davis.', u'"The idea of coming in and playing two practice rounds and having your caddie just walk it and using your yardage book, that person\'s done. Will not win the U.S. Open."', u'UNIVERSAL AGREEMENT', u'Those comments by Davis did not meet with universal agreement from the players.', u'"What\'s Mike Davis\' handicap?" McIlroy asked with a broad grin. "You can fall into the trap of trying to over-prepare and then -- you can do all the preparation you want.', u'"If you don\'t go out there and execute the shots, all that preparation doesn\'t mean anything. I\'d much rather have my game in good shape going in there and play practice rounds the way I usually would.', u'"I think that will do well for me," said McIlroy, who coasted to an eight-shot victory in the 2011 U.S. Open at Congressional with a tournament record low of 16-under-par 268.', u"The Northern Irishman, who won last year's British Open and PGA Championship, will be seeking his fifth major crown.", u"Woods, who landed the most recent of his 14 major titles at the 2008 U.S. Open, heads to Chambers Bay under a cloud of uncertainty after posting the worst score of his professional career, a 13-over 85, at last week's Memorial Tournament.", u'The greatest player of his generation and arguably of all time, Woods has been struggling with his game for most of this season, recording just one top-25 in five starts on the PGA Tour, a tie for 17th at the Masters in April.', u'While Woods, whose world ranking has shockingly plummeted to 181st, is unlikely to be a contender next week, fellow American Mickelson has displayed good form in his last four starts and no other winner would be more popular at Chambers Bay.', u'In 2013, Mickelson clinched the one major he had always felt was the most difficult for him to win, the British Open, with a brilliant closing round of 66 at Muirfield and his already stellar career would be made complete with a U.S. Open title.', u'"I\'m fortunate and I\'m honored to be part of that long list of great players that have won three of the four (majors)," he said.', u'"But I would look at my career ... in a whole different light if I were able to get that fourth one."', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u'Urshela Gets 1st Hit, Home Run but Family Had to Leave Early'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Giovanny Urshela got his first major league hit in the third inning.', u'He added his first big league home run in the sixth.', u'Unfortunately, his family did not get to see either milestone.', u'"They left in the second inning," he said.', u"The 23-year-old Colombian third baseman made his major league debut Tuesday, and his family stayed in town for three days. But his family had to start heading home and couldn't stay at Progressive Field for the entirety of the Cleveland Indians' 6-0 win over the Seattle Mariners on Thursday.", u'"It\'s very exciting, both hits," Urshela said. "I was just trying to get one in one day, and I got two."', u'Urshela, who backed a two-hitter by Shaun Marcum and a pair of relievers, was called up from Triple-A Columbus when Lonnie Chisenhall was sent down Sunday.', u'Urshela grounded an RBI single past shortstop Brad Miller in a four-run third, the first batter after Tom Wilhelmsen relieved J.A. Happ (3-2). His home run off Vidal Nuno just cleared the 19-foot fence in left and rebounded onto the field.', u"Both momentos were retrieved and were in Urshela's locker following the game. Urshela smiled widely as he slapped hands with teammates in the dugout after his home run.", u'Asked whether he had any special plans for the ball, he responded: "Just keep it forever."', u'Urshela is 2 for 8 with three RBIs in three games.', u'"You could see how happy he was," Indians manager Terry Francona said. "It was genuine, pure. You don\'t get to see that all the time. It\'s once in a lifetime when you get your first major league hit, first major league home run."', u'Marcum (3-1) retired his first nine batters and already led 5-0 before hitting Logan Morrison on the back of his right leg leading off the fourth. Mark Trumbo grounded a single just out of the reach of Urshela at third and shortstop Mike Aviles with one out in the fifth.', u"Robinson Cano, hitting .214 since May 9 (25 for 117), doubled to right-center leading off the seventh. The Mariners' final nine batters then made out.", u'Marcum struck out five and walked none. Zach McAllister and Cody Allen followed with perfect innings for Cleveland, which broke a three-game losing streak.', u'Seattle (27-33) has lost nine of its last 12 games and scored more than three runs just once in its last 15 games. Nelson Cruz, who leads the AL with 18 home runs, missed his second straight game because of back spasms.', u'"We didn\'t do much offensively," Mariners manager Lloyd McClendon said. "We hit some balls hard, but credit goes to Marcum, he kept us off balance. Cutting and sinking and did a nice job."', u'Happ allowed four runs, six hits and two walks in 2 1-3 innings. Brandon Moss chased him with an RBI single, and Roberto Perez capped the burst with a two-run single.', u"Zach Walters's RBI single put Cleveland ahead in the second.", u'Morrison was 0 for 3, ending his career-high hitting streak at 16 games.', u"Indians second baseman Jason Kipnis didn't start for the first time this season after playing in Cleveland's first 58 games. Kipnis is second in the AL in hitting with a .333 average.", u'STRONG OUTING', u'Marcum, making his fifth start since being called up in late May, had his best performance with the Indians.', u'"It was nice to go out there and be able to locate the ball and take what I\'ve been doing between starts and actually have it happen," he said.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM:", u'Mariners: Cruz is expected to return Friday when Seattle opens a three-game series in Houston.', u'Indians: RHP Scott Atchison (sprained left ankle) is likely to be activated on Friday or Saturday. He threw a scoreless inning in a rehab assignment for Double-A Akron on Wednesday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Mariners: RHP Felix Hernandez (9-2), who leads the AL in wins, starts Friday against Houston.', u'Indians: RHP Danny Salazar (6-1), fourth in the AL with 81 strikeouts, opens a three-game series Friday at Detroit.']), ([u"Shin Seizes One-Shot Lead at Women's PGA"], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  South Korea's unheralded Jenny Shin upstaged the biggest names in the women's game as she eagled the par-five 15th on the way to a one-shot lead in the opening round of the KPMG Women's PGA Championship on Thursday.", u'Shin, who has recorded just two top-10s on the LPGA Tour this season, fired a flawless seven-under 66 to vault to the top of the leaderboard on a hot, humid day at Westchester Country Club.', u"Canadian teen Brooke Henderson, playing in the season's second major on a sponsor's exemption, also got to seven under but bogeyed her final hole, the par-five ninth, to open with a 67.", u"Australian veteran Karrie Webb, a seven-time major winner, was a further stroke back after carding a six-birdie 68, level with England's Charley Hull and Thailand's Moriya Jutanugarn.", u'"I was chasing the leaderboard all day and I was surprised that Webby was at six (under) at one point and I thought, how is she shooting six-under par," Shin told reporters after a bogey-free round that also included five birdies.', u'"I got there and I was like, \'Maybe I can get one more on the 18th hole?\' And I did.', u'"I\'ve been playing okay, and I feel like I have my first win coming up. It\'s a major, I want to play well."', u"Long-hitting Brittany Lincicome, winner of the year's first major, the ANA Inspiration, had set the pace with 10 others earlier in the day by shooting a 70 in the morning wave.", u'Lincicome said she had hoped to be able to take advantage of the five par-fives with her length off the tee on the classic, tree-lined course that has hosted more than 40 PGA Tour events.', u'"See my eyes light up?" the 29-year-old American told reporters with a smile. "Super excited."', u"Seventy was also posted by twice major winner Cristie Kerr, world number four Kim Hyo-joo of South Korea, 11th-ranked Lexi Thompson, Germany's Sandra Gal and Jessica Korda, who birdied 17 and 18 to join the party.", u'Two-time defending champion Park In-bee of South Korea launched her title defence with a 71 while New Zealand\u2019s world number one Lydia Ko closed with birdies on the last two holes to register a 72.', u'"I was making some crucial putts and if they didn\'t go in, I know my score would have been much worse," said the 18-year-old Ko. "I think one-under is a pretty good start to the week. The scores are not going to be crazy low."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes/Steve Keating)']), ([u"US OPEN '15: The Field for the 115th US Open at Chambers Bay"], [u'UNIVERSITY PLACE, Wash. \u2014  Players who are exempt or have qualified for the 115th ', u', to be played June 18-21 at Chambers Bay. Players listed only in first category for which they are eligible. The rest of the field will be filled by the top 60 in world on June 15 and from an alternate list from qualifying. (a-amateur).', u'U.S. OPEN CHAMPIONS (10 years): Martin Kaymer, Justin Rose, Webb Simpson, Rory McIlroy, Graeme McDowell, Lucas Glover, Tiger Woods, Angel Cabrera, Geoff Ogilvy.', u'U.S. AMATEUR CHAMPION: a-Yang Gunn.', u'BRITISH AMATEUR CHAMPION: a-Bradley Neil.', u'2014 MARK H. MCCORMACK MEDAL WINNER: a-Ollie Schneiderjans.', u'MASTERS CHAMPIONS (5 years): Jordan Spieth, Bubba Watson, Adam Scott, Charl Schwartzel.', u'BRITISH OPEN CHAMPIONS (5 years): Phil Mickelson, Ernie Els, Darren Clarke, Louis Oosthuizen.', u'PGA CHAMPIONS (5 years): Jason Dufner, Keegan Bradley.', u'PLAYERS CHAMPIONSHIP WINNER (3 years): Rickie Fowler.', u'BMW PGA CHAMPIONSHIP WINNER: Byeong Hun An.', u'2014 U.S. SENIOR OPEN CHAMPION: Colin Montgomerie.', u'TOP 10 AND TIES FROM 2014 U.S. OPEN: Erik Compton, Jason Day, Dustin Johnson, Brooks Koepka, Henrik Stenson, Brandt Snedeker, Jimmy Walker.', u'2014 TOUR CHAMPIONSHIP FIELD: Billy Horschel, Jim Furyk, Chris Kirk, Ryan Palmer, Sergio Garcia, Gary Woodland, Russell Henley, Matt Kuchar, Cameron Tringale, Bill Haas, Brendon Todd, Kevin Na, Patrick Reed, Zach Johnson, Hideki Matsuyama, Hunter Mahan, John Senden, Morgan Hoffmann.', u'TOP 60 FROM WORLD RANKING ON MAY 25: J.B. Holmes, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood, Jamie Donaldson, Victor Dubuisson, Ryan Moore, Thongchai Jaidee, Paul Casey, Branden Grace, Danny Willett, Anirban Lahiri, Miguel Angel Jimenez, Joost Luiten, Matt Every, Bernd Wiesberger, Ben Martin, Shane Lowry, Stephen Gallacher, Tommy Fleetwood, Charley Hoffman, George Coetzee, Francesco Molinari, Marc Warren, Marc Leishman.', u'TOP 60 FROM WORLD RANKING ON JUNE 15: TBD.', u'SECTIONAL QUALIFYING (36 holes): Wenchong Liang, Masahiro Kawamura, Seuk Hyun Baek, Kurt Barnes, Hiroyuki Fujita, Alexander Levy, Shiv Kapur, John Parry, Alex Noren, Lucas Bjerregaard, Jason Palmer, Marcel Siem, Tjaart Van Der Walt, Marcus Fraser, Thomas Aiken, Garth Mulroy, Lee Janzen, Jamie Lovemark, a-Lee McCoy, Roberto Castro, Luke Donald, a-Jack Maguire, a-Sam Horsfield, Tony Finau, a-Denny McCarthy, Billy Hurley III, Cody Gribble, Jason Allred, a-Kyle Jones, Blayne Barber, Brian Harman, Charlie Beljan, Retief Goosen, Andres Romero, a-Davis Riley, Sam Saunders, Michael Putnam, David Hearn, a-Bryson De Chambeau, Daniel Summerhays, Sebastian Cappelen, Ryo Ishikawa, George McNeill, Bo Van Pelt, Camilo Villegas, Brad Fritsch, Cameron Smith, D.A. Points, Robert Streb, Danny Lee, Richard Lee, Troy Kelly, a-Beau Hossler, a-Brian Campbell.', u"LOCAL (18 holes) AND SECTIONAL QUALIFYING: Rich Berberian Jr., Pat Wilson, a-Matthew NeSmith, Andrew Pope, Michael Davan, a-Nick Hardy, Stephan Jaeger, Tim O'Neal, Mark Silvers, a-Cole Hammer, Matt Mabrey, Tyler Duncan, Brad Elder, Brandon Hagy, Tom Hoge, Cheng-Tsung Pan, Jared Becher, Kevin Lucas, a-Jake Knapp, Alex Kim."]), ([u"Jets' Bowles Urges Players to Be Smart on Social Media"], [u'FLORHAM PARK, N.J. \u2014  Hashtag: Think before you post something on social media.', u"That's the message New York Jets coach Todd Bowles has given his players about using forums such as Twitter, Instagram and Facebook.", u'"I don\'t want them to be robots," Bowles said after the team\'s final minicamp practice Thursday. "They\'ve just got to be smart about it. There\'s a fine line between hurting the team and hurting yourself. Then, talking on social media, you\'ve got to be smart about it."', u"Bowles, who acknowledged that he doesn't use social media, has already discussed the potential drawbacks of a questionable choice of words.", u'Earlier this week, San Francisco 49ers coach Jim Tomsula made it clear that he wants nothing to do with any of it, but intended to speak to his players to offer guidance about how to be responsible when posting comments.', u'"It\'s about being smart and when to say things and when not to say things and what to say," Bowles said he told his Jets. "And as far as football, keep things to a minimum."', u'Bowles, in his first season as Jets coach, is quite a bit more reserved than predecessor Rex Ryan. Gone are the days of bold predictions and brash statements in must-see news conferences \u2014 and Bowles thinks that stuff has no place on the Internet, either.', u'"Obviously, we don\'t want to have a whole team that gossips and hasn\'t done anything," Bowles said. "I\'d rather for us to just work on getting better as a team as opposed to just talking on social media.', u'"It\'s the players\' prerogative, but they\'ve got to understand that if the coach isn\'t happy doing certain things, they\'re going to have to cut it short."', u'Bowles did not comment directly on a Twitter squabble between cornerback Antonio Cromartie and former tight end Kellen Winslow Jr. that carried over into Thursday.', u'Winslow took exception to Cromartie putting teammate Dee Milliner on the spot during a faux interview Tuesday when he took a microphone and asked if Milliner thought he was "on the roster bubble." Winslow, who played with Cromartie and the Jets in 2013, blasted his former teammate in a series of tweets Wednesday morning.', u'Cromartie responded on Twitter by saying Winslow wishes he were as good as his father, Hall of Famer Kellen Winslow, and asked if he had been to Target recently \u2014 a reference to an incident in which Winslow Jr. was arrested in New Jersey in a Target parking lot for possession of synthetic marijuana.', u'A judge dropped the case on the condition that Winslow meet with probation officers for a year and stay out of trouble.', u'Winslow then tweeted that he and Cromartie should "get in the ring," and he would "whoop" him. But Winslow wasn\'t done, adding on Thursday morning that Cromartie should "learn your kids\' names." That was a reference to Cromartie appearing to struggle to name his several children during an episode of HBO\'s "Hard Knocks" in 2010.', u'Cromartie declined to comment further in the locker room Thursday, but the Twitter feud opened the discussion on where Bowles stood on the use of social media.', u'"I would never police somebody what to say," Bowles said, "but you\'ve got to understand what kind of situation you\'re in when you say these things."', u'___']), ([u'US Open Player Capsules'], [u'A capsule look at 15 top players in the ', u', to be played June 18-21 at Chambers Bay (listed in predicted order of finish):', u'JIM FURYK', u'Age: 45', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 3.', u'Worldwide wins: 20.', u'Majors: US Open (2003).', u"US Open memory: The good \u2014 winning at Olympia Fields, the perfect tribute on Father's Day to his only coach, father Mike. The bad \u2014 being in the best position to win at Olympic Club in 2012 until a snap-hook on the 16th hole when confused by the USGA moving up the tees.", u'Backspin: Not since 1999 has a player in his 40s won the U.S. Open. Furyk keeps contending regardless of age and moved up to No. 3 in the world ranking. He won at Hilton Head with a clutch putting performance. That will be the key to Chambers Bay. Lack of length off the tee could be negated on a fast course.', u'___', u'PHIL MICKELSON', u'Age: 45.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 19.', u'Worldwide wins: 45.', u'Majors: Masters (2004, 2006, 2010), British Open (2013), PGA Championship (2005).', u'US Open memory: His six silver medals from being runner-up. No one has more.', u"Backspin: Mickelson gets his second shot at the career Grand Slam, and this is the 50th anniversary of Gary Player completing his Grand Slam at a U.S. Open. Mickelson hasn't won since the 2013 British Open. That's the bad news. He was runner-up in the last two majors. And he's unpredictable Phil. That's why he could deliver the most magical story off Puget Sound.", u'___', u'JORDAN SPIETH', u'Age: 21.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 2.', u'Worldwide wins: 5.', u'Majors: Masters (2015).', u'US Open memory: Finishing as low amateur at Olympic Club in 2012.', u"Backspin: Spieth is just getting started, and while he's not in the power group in golf, his putting and short game works anywhere. He shot 83 at Chambers Bay during qualifying for the U.S. Amateur on a course that was harder than it will be for the U.S. Open. His biggest test will be accepting bad shots, which happen to everyone.", u'___', u'RORY MCILROY', u'Age: 26.', u'Country: Northern Ireland.', u'World ranking: 1.', u'Worldwide wins: 17.', u'Majors: US Open (2011), British Open (2014), PGA Championship (2012, 2014).', u'US Open memory: Setting the record of 268 in his eight-shot victory at Congressional in 2011 for his first major.', u"Backspin: For all his talent and feats, questions remain about how hard McIlroy is willing to grind when the stars are not aligned, and how he fares in bad weather. Chambers Bay could provide a test in both categories. McIlroy is a European who plays an American game \u2014 through the air. He's also the best player in the world for a reason, so that can atone for any shortcomings. He is coming off consecutive missed cuts. That's not unusual for him, nor is it always a sign of how he will play.", u'___', u'DUSTIN JOHNSON', u'Age: 30.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 7.', u'Worldwide wins: 9.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Losing a three-shot lead in two holes and closing with an 82 in 2010 at Pebble Beach.', u'Backspin: Johnson appears to have his life in order, or at least more settled, after his six-month break. He already won a World Golf Championship and lost at Riviera in a playoff. All the talk about Chambers Bay being a course that requires great study and thinking might not suit him. Johnson likes to smash it. But much like McIlroy, the sheer skill should be enough to give him hope.', u'___', u'HENRIK STENSON', u'Age: 39.', u'Country: Sweden.', u'World ranking: 5.', u'Worldwide wins: 12.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Wanting to see Torrey Pines for the first time ahead of the 2008 U.S. Open, he went online to book a tee time and was sent out with two paying customers from Orange County. One of them was woman named Pamela Anderson. Just not the actress.', u'Backspin: Stenson already has been to Chambers Bay to walk the golf course without clubs. He referred to it as "interesting," which could mean anything. The Swede typically is a high-ball hitter. He\'s powerful off the tee and a supreme ball-striker.', u'___', u'TIGER WOODS', u'Age: 39.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 181.', u'Worldwide wins: 90', u'Majors: Masters (1997, 2001, 2002, 2005), US Open (2000, 2002, 2008), British Open (2000, 2005, 2006), PGA Championship (1999, 2000, 2006, 2007).', u'US Open memory: The most dominant performance in history at Pebble Beach in 2000 when he won by 15 shots.', u'Backspin: A perennial favorite in the majors has now become an afterthought. Woods has gone seven years since his 14th and last major. More critical to his chances is that he has gone nearly two years without winning any tournament. In recent months, he has been ordinary at his best. In normal times, a course like Chambers Bay would stoke his imagination. These are not normal times. Getting into contention would be a surprise.', u'___', u'ADAM SCOTT', u'Age: 34.', u'Country: Australia.', u'World ranking: 12.', u'Worldwide wins: 25.', u'Majors: Masters (2013).', u'US Open memory: As an amateur, he was working with Butch Harmon in Las Vegas in 2000 when Tiger Woods came by for one last session. Scott played with him and watched Woods shoot 63 in the wind. He later said if Woods had not won the U.S. Open, "I don\'t think I would have turned pro."', u"Backspin: After a strong start to the year with a short putter, Scott got off the rails so badly that he changed back to a long putter, and then he fired his caddie. The swing still looks good. The results have been pedestrian. He is bringing back caddie Steve Williams for the U.S. Open and other majors this summer. He was No. 1 in the world going into the U.S. Open last year. Now he's not even in the top 10.", u'___', u'RICKIE FOWLER', u'Age: 26.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 9.', u'Worldwide wins: 3.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Playing in the final group at a major for the first time last year at Pinehurst No. 2. He shot 72 and finished eight shots behind as a runner-up.', u'Backspin: Fowler showed off his full potential at The Players Championship, not because he won but how he won. He was fearless and confident and took on every shot. And he got rid of that "overrated" label in a magazine. He finished in the top 5 in all four majors last year \u2014 only Jack Nicklaus and Tiger Woods have done that. But even after the glow of winning The Players, the victory tally remains low for someone in his sixth full year on tour.', u'___', u'JASON DAY', u'Age: 27.', u'Country: Australia.', u'World ranking: 10.', u'Worldwide wins: 3.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Two silver medals in four appearances at the U.S. Open. He had an outside chance at Merion in 2013 when he finished two shots behind. He had no chance in 2011 when he finished eight behind Rory McIlroy.', u"Backspin: Day might be the Australian version of Rickie Fowler, or vice versa \u2014 loads of talent, wonderful manners, good performances in the majors, and questions why he doesn't win more. He was trending in the right direction with a string of high finishes, including his victory at Torrey Pines. Missing the cut at the Memorial was probably not the best way to go into the U.S. Open.", u'___', u'MARTIN KAYMER', u'Age: 30.', u'Country: Germany.', u'World ranking: 18.', u'Worldwide wins: 15.', u'Majors: US Open (2014), PGA Championship (2010).', u'US Open memory: Trying to steal the thunder from Germany in the World Cup by winning the U.S. Open last year at Pinehurst No. 2. It was the first U.S. Open title for a German, and it was old news by the time his countrymen returned home from Brazil with the World Cup trophy.', u'Backspin: Kaymer became a complete player by taking some 18 months to develop a full arsenal of shots. Still to be determined is whether he can handle a ground game that will be required at Chambers Bay. As for his form? He has not contended since January.', u'___', u'HIDEKI MATSUYAMA', u'Age: 23.', u'Country: Japan.', u'World ranking: 14.', u'Worldwide wins: 7.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Matching the low score (67) of the final round at Merion in 2013 to tie for 10th in his U.S. Open debut.', u"Backspin: Of all the young stars in golf, Matsuyama doesn't get as much attention for the quality of his game, mainly because of his quiet personality and lack of English skills. He has the power and the passion. It might take a major for the world to truly pay attention.", u'___', u'BUBBA WATSON', u'Age: 36.', u'Country: United States.', u'World ranking: 4.', u'Worldwide wins: 6.', u'Majors: Masters (2012, 2014).', u'US Open memory: Missing the cut both years he won the Masters.', u"Backspin: Given his imagination and the shape of any shot he wants to play, Chambers Bay might be best suited for Watson. He also has played it previously at charity events. The wild card is his attitude. Watson struggles on courses that don't fit his eye at first glance, and he doesn't have a reputation for handling bad breaks, which are sure to occur at a U.S. Open like this one.", u'___', u'JUSTIN ROSE', u'Age: 34.', u'Country: England.', u'World ranking: 6.', u'Worldwide wins: 14.', u'Majors: US Open (2013).', u'US Open memory: The 4-iron he hit to the 18th hole at Merion that clinched his U.S. Open title.', u"Backspin: He's not flashy, but he wins. Over the last five years, only Rory McIlroy (11) and Tiger Woods (8) have more than Rose's seven victories on the PGA Tour. After a slow start, he won in New Orleans and lost in a playoff at Memorial, so his form is in good shape heading into a summer of majors.", u'___', u'SERGIO GARCIA', u'Age: 35.', u'Country: Spain.', u'World ranking: 9.', u'Worldwide wins: 22.', u'Majors: None.', u'US Open memory: Complaining that Tiger Woods got the good end of the draw in 2002 at Bethpage Black, and then being paired with Woods in the final round and getting verbally abused by the New York gallery as Woods won the U.S. Open.', u'Backspin: One of the best ball-strikers in golf, the U.S. Open would figure to suit Garcia well, and his performance at The Players Championship (playoff loss) would suggest his game is turning the corner. But he has no confidence in his putting, and Chambers Bay will be a course in which players will do well to accept bad breaks. That has never been a strong suit for the Spaniard.']), ([u'Chicago, Tampa Bay All Even Again in Stanley Cup Final'], [u"TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  Four games deep in the Stanley Cup Final, all that's clear is just how little separates the Chicago Blackhawks and the Tampa Bay Lightning.", u'These two conference champions have two victories, nine goals and 24 penalty minutes apiece, while Chicago has outshot Tampa Bay 107-104.', u"Neither team has led by more than one goal at any point in the Final's first four games, which have all been decided by one goal apiece for the first time since 1968 and just the third time in NHL history.", u"The Lightning stayed overnight in Chicago after Wednesday's 2-1 loss before heading home to prepare for Game 5 on Saturday night at Amalie Arena.", u'They traveled with the knowledge they missed early opportunities to get Chicago in serious trouble in this series \u2014 and they know the fate of other opponents who failed to put the Blackhawks away.', u'"I think you\'re looking at two very equal teams, for starters.  Both teams have elite skill, elite speed. What we lack in their Stanley Cup experience and gold medals at the Olympics, we make up for in our youthful enthusiasm and speed," Lightning associate coach Rick Bowness said Thursday after the team returned to Florida.', u'"For either one of us to think we\'re going to go out there and control 60 minutes of the game ... I just don\'t see it happening.  There are moments in each of the four games that we were in control of it, and there are moments, like the second period last night, that they were in control of it," Bowness added. "You have to give credit to both teams. We\'re good hockey clubs. We\'re not going to let them play their game for 60 minutes. They\'re not going to let us play our game for 60 minutes. I\'m not surprised."', u'Tampa Bay defenseman Anton Stralman noted the Lightning very well could have won all four games.', u'The Blackhawks could accurately say the same thing, but Game 4 still stings for the Lightning, and they have an extra day off to ponder it before their 25th game of a grinding postseason.', u"Tampa Bay held the Blackhawks to just two shots in the first period of Game 4 and didn't let up significantly in the final two periods, dominating the puck and forcing Chicago into one of its worst performances in recent weeks. Yet the Blackhawks got goals of pure persistence from Jonathan Toews and Brandon Saad, while the Lightning lamented numerous missed chances to beat Corey Crawford.", u"That frustration has been epitomized by Steven Stamkos, who twice came ever so close to tying Game 4 in the final 90 seconds. The Lightning captain still doesn't have a goal in the series \u2014 matching the total of Chicago star Patrick Kane.", u'"When you have teams of this caliber, it\'s bound to be a tight series," Stamkos said. "We\'re disappointed about the squandered chance, (but) if you\'d have given us a best 2 out of 3 at home at the beginning of the year to win the Stanley Cup, I think any team in their right mind would take that opportunity."', u"The series is so even because these teams' similarities have largely canceled each other out, from the flying forwards up front to the uncertain goalie situations in back.", u'" It\'s a game of bounces.  You just try to work hard and try to get those bounces and keep the momentum," Saad said. "But luck\'s definitely a part of it. It\'s a tough trophy to win and a tough series to be a part of."', u'The Lightning still have the impressive team speed that seemed to be a key factor before this series began, but Tampa Bay has recommitted to the improved defensive game that allowed it to get out of the Eastern Conference bracket in 20 grueling games. Neither of these speedy teams is flying down the ice, instead focusing on responsible hockey.', u'"I think we got caught up thinking it would be run-and-gun," Blackhawks forward Brad Richards said. "And if we do that, we just feed them. We\'ve got to be more patient than them."', u"Goaltending also hasn't been a deciding factor in this series, even with ample reason to think it might be.", u"The Lightning don't know yet whether Andrei Vasilevskiy will get another start in net after the 20-year-old Russian rookie played Game 4 in place of Ben Bishop, who has an undisclosed injury. Vasilevskiy won Game 2 in relief, and he played well Wednesday in his first playoff start, giving Tampa Bay little reason to worry about the potentially precarious position.", u'Chicago also got a strong Game 4 from Crawford, the veteran that many Blackhawks fans love to hate until he comes up big in another postseason series. Crawford was benched in favor of Scott Darling in the first round, but has bounced back to win 11 playoff games while chasing his second Stanley Cup ring.', u'Crawford covered for several lapses by his teammates, who have only held the lead for roughly 10 percent of clock time in this series \u2014 nearly all of it in Game 4 despite their relatively mediocre performance.', u'"That was probably our worst game in a while, for whatever reason," Richards said. "We really wanted it, but we just kept getting in each other\'s way. These guys are way better than anybody imagined at checking and trying to frustrate you, so we\'re learning that mentality that it might be 2-1 games the rest of the way."', u'Although fatigue hardly seems relevant in a series with such high stakes, the Lightning are near the tail end of an historic playoff grind.', u"In Game 6 back in Chicago on Monday, Tampa Bay will play its 26th postseason game to tie the NHL record held by the 2014 Los Angeles Kings and two other teams. If the series goes seven games \u2014 and you'd have trouble finding many people who think it won't \u2014 the Lightning will set a record with 27 playoff games in one postseason.", u"And the Lightning won't be surprised if the final three are all as close as the first four.", u'"Two good teams playing some good hockey and creating chances," Stralman said. "I have nothing that I didn\'t really like about our game. I\'m sure they feel the same way."', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Fred Goodall contributed to this report.']), ([u'Senior Frogs: TCU From No Postseason to Back-To-Back CWS'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  There is one season TCU senior shortstop Keaton Jones has tried his best to forget.', u"It was 2013, when the Horned Frogs didn't even make the NCAA tournament in their Big 12 Conference debut.", u'"That was a bad season," Jones said. "At that point, we were still just very young and inexperienced."', u'Now with as many as six seniors on the field at any time, the grown-up Frogs are going to the College World Series for the second year in a row.', u'"Last year, I couldn\'t believe it," Jones said with a smile. "Now I still can\'t believe it."', u"The lasting memory for TCU's unusually large senior group won't be 2013, the only time under 12th-year coach Jim Schlossnagle that the Frogs haven't made the postseason.  They instead will leave with consecutive trips to Omaha, the latest after a Big 12 regular-season title and two incredible clinchers in the NCAA tournament.", u'TCU (49-13) advanced with a 16-inning, nearly six-hour victory over Texas A&M in its NCAA super regional at home, a week after trailing North Carolina State 8-1 with two outs in the eighth inning of the regional final.', u"The resilient Frogs play their CWS opener Sunday against LSU (53-10), another SEC team \u2014 and one that helped shape Schlossnagle's vision for what he hoped to do when he first got to Fort Worth.", u'"Omaha is different when LSU is there," Schlossnagle said. "It just is."', u"Before becoming UNLV's head coach in 2002, and going to TCU two seasons later, Schlossnagle was associate head coach from 1994-2001 at Tulane. That was about 80 miles from the LSU campus, where the Tigers were in the midst of five national championships over 10 seasons under former coach Skip Bertman.", u'"That was the heyday," Schlossnagle said this week. "I\'ve been called Tiger bait at Alex Box Stadium plenty of times."', u'Schlossnagle saw how LSU built a complete program under Bertman, who had learned as an assistant under two-time national champion Ron Fraser at Miami. That included recruiting, marketing, attendance, game operations and winning national titles.', u'"My goal was to have a minor league baseball atmosphere in a college ballpark. We\'ve done that," Schlossnagle said. "Our brand obviously is in a growing stage still."', u"Bertman's last game for LSU was a home super regional in 2001, a loss that sent Tulane to the College World Series.", u"Add in TCU's first College World Series in 2010, and this will be Schlossnagle's fourth trip to Omaha \u2014 but his first taking players who have already been there before.", u'"Obviously you\'re on a big stage, fighting for a national championship, but at the end of the day, you\'re playing baseball," Jones said. "The main thing is I\'m going to focus on playing the game, playing our brand of baseball and not worrying about everything around you."', u'While TCU has freshmen Connor Wanhanen and Evan Skoug batting in the third and fourth spots, Jones is among five senior position players in the everyday lineup. The Horned Frogs also have three senior pitchers, including possible Sunday starter Preston Morrison (11-3).', u"LSU has seven seniors (four position players), but defending national champion Vanderbilt has none while Cal-State Fullerton's only two seniors are pitchers. The four teams on the other side of the CWS bracket \u2014 Miami, Florida, Arkansas and Virginia \u2014 each have only one senior in their batting orders.", u"Two of TCU's seniors are transfers who were part of last year's CWS squad, but six are holdovers from 2013.", u'"We played our last game in the conference tournament knowing our season was already over," senior reliever Trey Teakell said. "That feeling kind of resonated with us throughout the next fall, the next season. It was a big motivator for us. Definitely frustrating for us that year, but definitely paid off."']), ([u'Champagne Ponders FIFA Presidential Bid, Calls for Voting System Reform'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  Former FIFA official Jerome Champagne said he is considering whether to make another run for the presidency of soccer's global governing body and called for whoever gets the job to heal the rift between Europe and the rest of the world.", u'The Frenchman, who was a diplomat until he played an official role in the 1998 World Cup in France, warned that the majority of FIFA\u2019s members would not accept it if the game fell under control of what he described as the G7, meaning wealthy European federations and clubs.', u"In February, Champagne pulled out from the race to challenge Sepp Blatter in last month's presidential election after failing to win sufficient backing for his bid.", u'Blatter won the election to gain a fifth mandate but rocked the world of soccer four days later by saying he would step down as FIFA president in the wake of a corruption investigation by United States prosecutors. That probe has led to the indictment of nine current or former soccer officials and five company executives on bribery and other corruption charges.', u'Asked whether he was considering another bid, Champagne told Reuters: "Of course, I\'m thinking, I\'ve not decided but I\'ve not excluded anything."', u'Champagne would have to gather written nominations from five national associations to stand, something he failed to do last time.', u"Between 1999-2010 he held four different posts at FIFA - including deputy secretary general - but left the organization after falling out of favor. Despite that, he says he believes Blatter is being blamed far too much for FIFA's current problems, noting that current and former executive committee members indicted were nominated by the regional confederations.", u"A key point of Champagne's reform program is for members of the powerful executive committee to be elected by the 209 member associations at a Congress rather than by the continental confederations as currently happens. He said he also believes the president should be able to choose a number of the members in the same way a country`s leader might choose a cabinet.", u'The problem with the current system is that the president has to work with a committee he had no say in choosing.', u'\u201cWe need to hand power back to the national soccer associations,\u201d he said.', u'INEQUALITY PROBLEM', u'Champagne repeated the message from his previous campaign, that the key issue facing the sport is the unequal distribution of wealth.', u'"We have the 20 wealthiest clubs of Western Europe, having a cumulative turnover of 6.2 billion euros ($6.94 billion), while more than 100 federations around the world survive with less than 2 million," he said.', u'"We have one percent of the clubs, federations, leagues and players, who have everything....it\u2019s not that there is not enough money in soccer, the problem is it is badly distributed."', u"FIFA is in danger of becoming dangerously split with most European associations voting for Blatter's rival Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein at the last election and Blatter pulling in votes from Africa, Asia and the Caribbean.", u'"If FIFA is taken over by someone who is perceived as at the service of the wealthiest part, this guy will have problems because we need regulation and redistribution.', u'"They don\'t want a G7 running the game, maybe (they will accept) a G20; any guy who is perceived as running a G7 has no chance."', u'(Reporting by Brian Homewood in Zurich; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Radwanska Through to Quarters in Nottingham'], [u'NOTTINGHAM, England \u2014  Former Wimbledon finalist Agnieszka Radwanska dropped just four games against Christina McHale on Thursday to advance to the quarterfinals of the grass-court Nottingham Open, where she will meet another American.', u'The top-seeded Radwanska won 6-3, 6-1 in the second round of the Wimbledon warm-up tournament, and next plays Lauren Davis.', u'Radwanksa has had a poor 2015, and lost in the first round of the recent ', u', but favors the grass surface and has won two matches this week for the loss of seven games. She lost in the 2012 Wimbledon final to Serena Williams in three sets.', u'Ana Konjuh of Croatia beat sixth-seeded Casey Dellacqua 6-4, 6-2, while Yanina Wickmayer and Johanna Konta were also second-round winners.']), ([u"Paraguay's Congress Ends CONMEBOL Immunity Amid World Football Scandal"], [u"ASUNCION \u2014  Paraguay's Congress on Thursday approved a measure withdrawing immunity from the Asuncion headquarters of South America's CONMEBOL football confederation, some of whose officials were charged with corruption by U.S. prosecutors last month.", u"CONMEBOL's headquarters, on a 40-hectare site near Paraguay's capital city, had enjoyed immunity from search since the office was opened in 1997.", u"A draft bill to remove the immunity was put to Congress in late May, days after U.S. authorities announced indictments of 14 past and present senior football officials and sports media executives connected to world football's governing body FIFA.", u'"There is an urgent need to repeal this law and get on with the investigation," Senator Juan Carlos Galaverna said during debate over the measure, which is expected to be signed into law by President Horacio Cartes.', u'"The immunity plus the headquarter\'s proximity to the Silvio Pettirossi International Airport, and the diplomatic pouches that CONMEBOL directors moved through that airport, could mean things were hidden of an even more serious nature than what has been reported so far," the lawmaker added.', u'No officials from CONMEBOL could be immediately reached for comment.', u'FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation on June 2. U.S. and Swiss law enforcement authorities have said they would continue their investigations.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Among those indicted was Nicolas Leoz, a Paraguayan national and former president of CONMEBOL. A U.S.-led probe has charged officials with operating a criminal enterprise over more than two decades spanning racketeering to wire fraud and money laundering.', u"Suspects facing extradition to the United States include many top figures of Latin America's football establishment.", u'In neighbouring Argentina, a pair of businessmen accused of winning lucrative media rights contracts from regional football', u'federations by paying tens of millions of dollars in bribes, remained in hiding. Hugo Jinkis, 70, and his son Mariano Jinkis, 40, are two of three Argentines implicated in the case.', u'The third, businessman Alejandro Burzaco, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday.', u"Burzaco is also being investigated by Argentina's tax authority, which suspects him of tax evasion. He would have to be extradited from Italy, which is often slow and complicated, to either the United States or Argentina.", u'(Writing by Hugh Bronstein; Editing by Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Mad-Scientist Quenneville Finds Right Formula for Blackhawks'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville's postgame news conferences are generally dry affairs. He usually displays about as much emotion as a puck.", u"Even he couldn't stifle a smile at the end of this one.", u"Chicago goalkeeper Corey Crawford had just turned back a handful shots in the final, furious two minutes \u2014 triggered when Tampa Bay pulled goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy, a surprise starter in goal in place of front-liner Ben Bishop \u2014 to preserve a 2-1 victory and even the Stanley Cup series at 2-2. Quenneville didn't need reminding that for all his mad-scientist maneuvering behind the bench, he'd just gotten away with one.", u"He's known for switching up lines at a moment's notice, a strategy designed to get favorable match-ups for his two biggest stars, Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane. But Wednesday night, Quenneville almost outsmarted his own team in search of the right combinations.", u'"We know who\'s left and right wing. We know what\'s kind of going on," Hawks center Andrew Desjardins said, then paused before revealing any state secrets.', u'"At this point," he added, "we better know."', u'Yet after both Toews and Kane finally got untracked \u2014 after combining for a single point in three game, Toews had the first goal in this one and Kane assisted on Brandon Saad\'s game-winner \u2014 Quenneville was asked whether all those moves had succeeded in securing "the element of surprise."', u'"Whether it\'s an element of surprise," he began with a straight face. "I mean, we expected their other goalie in the net, too.', u'"So I guess it\'s 50/50 tonight," he added a moment later, cracking up the room.', u"As befits a man who spends plenty of his free time at racetracks, and who worked as stockbroker near the end of his playing career, Quenneville isn't shy about seeking out better odds.", u"In the first period of Game 7 of the Western Conference finals, playing on the road, where visiting teams have to send their players on the ice first, Quenneville countered Anaheim coach Bruce Boudreau's 25 line changes with more than five times as many. He hasn't gone to those extremes against Tampa Bay \u2014 yet. But in a series where all four games have been decided by a goal, and neither team has led by more than one, Quenneville suggested he might not be done mixing and matching.", u'"At the end of the day, I think that getting the other team more concerned about different guys makes us a deeper team," he said.', u"Guys who played with or against Quenneville for parts of almost 14 NHL seasons remember a rock-solid defenseman who held his cards close and his emotions in check. The same was true during his first two stints as a head coach, in St. Louis and Colorado, where he relied mostly on good goalkeeping and solid defense. It wasn't until he arrived in Chicago, inheriting a roster with Toews, Kane and attacking defender Duncan Keith just four games into the 2008-09 season, that Quenneville, 56, unveiled his wild side.", u"In retrospect, some of his closest friends were surprised it didn't surface sooner.", u'"There\'s this thing about Joel that is totally amazing," Marc Crawford, a close friend who won the Stanley Cup in Colorado with Quenneville as an assistant, told the Toronto Sun recently.', u'"Something would happen on the ice and, when you\'re on the bench, you don\'t always see it. I\'d turn to him and say, \'What happened?\' and he\'d give you a total breakdown of what just happened. He\'s got an instant-replay brain and a photographic memory.', u'"Great players have great vision," Crawford added. "He has great vision from the bench. He\'s got a video in his head."', u"Quenneville has also amassed a library of coaching knowledge after internships with some of the best in the business. He worked for Toe Blake, Scotty Bowman and Al Arbour, and figures to have a bust alongside theirs in the Hall of Fame when he's done. He's the winningest active coach in the game, with two Stanley Cups in the bank and a third still within reach.", u'But it\'s Quenneville\'s rock-solid personality, as much all that success, that continues to earn his players trust. Someone asked Toews, Chicago\'s captain and the player his coach mixes and matches the most, to sum up Quenneville\'s "evolution."', u"Toews talked about the comfort that comes with experience, trying to buy himself some time, but said it was tough to remember whether Quenneville's approach was nearly as chaotic from the get-go.", u'"There\'s a level of understanding there between the guys that have been around him, played for him for a number of years," Toews said. "We just kind of go with the flow.', u'"We all know how things are going to be handled from a player and coach standpoint," he said finally, "win or lose."']), ([u'FIFA Election to Be Held Between December and February'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  The election to find a replacement for outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter will take place in Zurich between December and February, soccer's governing body said in a statement on Thursday.", u"It will be held during an extraordinary Congress which will consider reforms of FIFA's organisational structure, including changes to the statutes, FIFA said.", u'The exact date will be decided at an executive committee meeting in Zurich on July 20.', u'"During the meeting, the agenda for the elective Congress will be finalised and approved. The extraordinary elective Congress will take place in Zurich between December 2015 and February 2016," said FIFA.', u'Blatter said on June 2 that he would lay down his mandate, only four days after being elected for a fifth term of office.', u'His announcement came less than one week after Swiss police raided a luxury Zurich hotel and arrested seven soccer officials wanted in the United States on charges of corruption.', u'The 79-year-old said that he would remain in office until a new president is chosen.', u'(Reporting by Brian Homewood; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Nadal Battles Past Baghdatis in Stuttgart'], [u'(Reuters) - Two-times Wimbledon champion Rafa Nadal kicked off his grasscourt season with a 7-6(5) 6-7(4) 6-2 defeat of Cypriot Marcos Baghdatis at the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart on Thursday.', u'It was a morale-boosting win for the Spaniard who suffered only his second defeat in 72 matches at the ', u' last week when he lost in the quarter-final to Novak Djokovic.', u'The 29-year-old top seed, down at 10th in the ATP rankings after a disappointing year, will have been pleased at how he responded in the deciding set having been pegged back by Baghdatis and the two hours 40 minutes he spent honing his grasscourt game will serve him well.', u'Nadal began in rusty fashion, dropping serve early on and Baghdatis had chances to lead 5-2 with a double break but allowed the world number 10 off the hook.', u'A dreadful service game from Baghdatis allowed Nadal back into the first set and Nadal gradually began to find his range, taking the opener on the tiebreak.', u'Nadal saved two set points at 4-5 in the second set, the second with a deft drop volley, but could not fend off Baghdatis in the tiebreak as the match went the distance.', u'He took command in the decider though and moved through to the quarter-finals where he will face Australian Bernard Tomic.', u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman in London, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Bourdy Holds 2-Stroke Lead After Opening Day of Lyoness Open'], [u'ATZENBRUGG, Austria \u2014  Gregory Bourdy of France carded a bogey-free 7-under 65 to take a two-stroke lead on a warm and sunny opening day of the Lyoness Open on Thursday.', u"Bourdy, who missed just one green, hit four birdies on the front nine and seven in total to go two strokes clear of a group of four: England's Chris Wood and Robert Dinwiddie, Spain's Carlos Del Moral and Germany's Maximilian Kiefer.", u"Former champion Bernd Wiesberger, at 37 the highest-ranked player in the field, had a disappointing 7-over 79. The Austrian, who was beaten for last year's title by Mikael Lundberg of Sweden in a playoff, had a round without a birdie for the first time this year.", u'Defending champion Lundberg dropped three strokes on his first three holes but finished on par.']), ([u'Smith Puts Australia on Top in Kingston'], [u'(Reuters) - Steve Smith continued his sizzling form with an unbeaten century as Australia laid a strong foundation on the first day of the second test against West Indies in Jamaica on Thursday.', u'Smith, who batted for almost the entire day after entering the fray in the first over, was unconquered on 135 at stumps as Australia advanced to 258 for four at Sabina Park in Kingston.', u'On a day when West Indies fast bowler Jerome Taylor was superb, Smith weathered the early storm and faced 278 balls while patiently compiling his runs with a variety of shots on both sides of the wicket.', u"It was the ninth test century for Australia's test captain-elect and his fifth in his last six tests.", u'"Early on it wasn\u2019t too easy," the 26-year-old said in a pitchside interview.', u'"The ball was swinging around a little bit, a bit of seam on it. It was quite hard initially and then it got easier as the day went on."', u'Smith said there was no secret to his success, just lots of hard work and patience at the crease.', u'"For the last 12 months I\'ve been nice and patient and let the bowlers come to me and get in my areas where I want them to bowl and picked them off then. It worked well again today."', u'Smith rode his luck after reaching his century. He was dropped at first slip, had an lbw decision overturned on review, and survived a stumping appeal off the last ball of the day.', u'Puzzlingly, West Indies captain Dinesh Ramdin did not take the new ball, giving Smith and Shane Watson (20 not out) the luxury of facing tame spin bowling for the final 10 overs of the day instead of the fire of Taylor.', u'The day had started brightly for the West Indies when Taylor sent down six maiden overs in a sizzling morning session and claimed the scalps of Australian openers David Warner (0) and Shaun Marsh (11) with brilliant deliveries.', u'Taylor finished the day with 3-18 off 15 outstanding overs.', u'Australia captain Michael Clarke (47) was the third batsman dismissed, although he should have been on his way earlier after being caught on a no-ball when he had scored only three.', u'Adam Voges, in just his second test, was the only other Australian to lose his wicket, caught behind for 37 off Taylor.', u'Australia won the first match in the two-test series last week.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Pritha Sarkar and Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Dustin Johnson Withdraws After 9 Holes at St. Jude Classic'], [u'MEMPHIS, Tenn. \u2014  Dustin Johnson has withdrawn after nine holes of the St. Jude Open because of illness.', u'Johnson came into the event he won in 2012 ranked seventh in the world, the highest of any player in the field at the final tuneup for the U.S. Open, but he started off with three straight bogeys starting at No. 10 at TPC Southwind on Thursday.', u'He managed to par out the remaining six holes, then withdrew.', u'Johnson just tied for 13th at Memorial last week and tied for eighth at Byron Nelson two weeks ago. He has six Top 10s this year.', u'He already has a spot in the U.S. Open next week at Chambers Bay in Washington.']), ([u'Cavs Guard Dellavedova Set for Game 4 After Hospitalization'], [u"INDEPENDENCE, Ohio \u2014  Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova says he's recovered after being hospitalized for dehydration and will not have his minutes restricted in Game 4 of the NBA Finals.", u"Dellavedova has been stretching, adding fluids, eating properly and getting massages since being admitted to Cleveland Clinic following Game 3. Dellavedova scored 20 points in 38 minutes and played to exhaustion in Cleveland's win over Golden State on Tuesday night.", u"Dellavedova says he's not concerned about having any cramping issues Thursday night. He said he will cut out his pregame routine of having a cup of black coffee.", u'LeBron James said he cramped up following a dunk in the second half in Game 3.', u'Dellavedova, an undrafted guard from Australia, has emerged as a postseason star for the Cavaliers, who lost All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving with a broken left kneecap in Game 1.']), ([u'Zico Launches FIFA Presidency Bid Without Federation Backing'], [u'RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  Brazilian football great Zico formally declared his candidacy for the FIFA presidency on Wednesday but admitted there would probably need to be a change of rules in order to make his run viable.', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced last week he was standing down after the body was hit by a wave of corruption allegations that are still sending shockwaves around the footballing world.', u"Under FIFA's current statutes, however, candidates to succeed the Swiss in a ballot likely to take place later this year must have the support of federations from five countries affiliated to football's world governing body.", u'Zico said he does not yet have that backing.', u'The 62-year-old said UEFA boss Michel Platini had advised him to run for head of the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) first but Zico said that was almost impossible as he did not have the required support of the eight state federations and five clubs.    "There\'s more chance of FIFA than the CBF," Zico told reporters in Rio de de Janeiro.', u'"The ideal thing would be here in Brazil but unfortunately the rules of the game do not favour outsiders."', u'Zico, one of the best players to have graced the game, has managed in Brazil, Japan, Turkey, Russia and Greece and was a former Sports Minister in his homeland.', u'(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro, Writing by Andrew Downie in; Sao Paulo.)']), ([u'Top Official Leaves FIFA as EU Urges Blatter to Go Now'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  FIFA's director of communications Walter de Gregorio is to resign after making a joke on television about the scandal-hit  football body, while pressure mounted for his boss Sepp Blatter to step aside at once.", u"The European Parliament said Blatter's failure to depart immediately would block efforts to rid FIFA of rampant corruption.", u"The FIFA president announced his resignation last week as U.S. and Swiss authorities widened their investigations into bribery and corruption at the sport's global governing body, but he is still at his desk.", u'EU lawmakers heaped pressure on Blatter, 79, voting in favour of an eight-page resolution with a series of demands to clean up football.', u'The resolution -- non-binding but still indicative of public opinion in Europe -- welcomed Blatter\'s decision to resign, but expressed "serious concern" that he might stay on for a further nine months before a new leader is appointed.', u'The election to find a replacement for Blatter will take place in Zurich between December and February, FIFA announced, with the exact date decided at an executive committee meeting on July 20.', u"The soap opera at FIFA took another turn when it announced that De Gregorio was leaving two days after making a joke at FIFA's expense on a Swiss chat show.", u'The Swiss-Italian, who had taken up his role September 2011, had become a prominent figure within FIFA as a mouthpiece for the organisation, appearing in public debates and on television.', u'He had fronted up to the media storm two weeks ago in the immediate aftermath of a dawn raid on the luxury hotel when seven football officials, wanted by United States prosecutors on corruption charges, were arrested by Swiss police.', u'He also introduced the news conference where Blatter announced his resignation and appeared close to tears as the departing president announced his exit.', u'PARTING SHOT', u"De Gregorio's departure follows an appearance on Swiss TV when, at the end of the programme, he was asked to tell his favourite joke.", u'He replied: "The FIFA president, secretary general and media director are sitting in a car. Who\'s driving. Answer? The police."', u'A FIFA statement gave no reason for De Gregorio leaving what had become an increasingly thankless job of defending FIFA during the scandal.', u'"Walter has worked incredibly hard for the past four years and we are immensely grateful for all he has done," said FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke.', u'The race to succeed Blatter gathered a new challenger on Wednesday when football great Zico formally declared his candidacy for the FIFA presidency, but the Brazilian admitted his chances of success were limited.', u"Under FIFA rules he needs the backing of five countries affiliated to world football's governing body, which he does not yet have, while he said UEFA boss Michel Platini had advised him to run for head of the Brazilian Football Confederation instead.", u'The rules governing how the FIFA president is elected have come under the spotlight since the corruption scandal erupted, but any plans to alter the voting system are likely to meet stiff opposition.', u'Football chiefs in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean voiced concerns on Thursday at German proposals to change the one member one vote system and hand a greater influence to more established football power-houses.', u'The current system has been widely credited with providing Blatter with his power base as he ruled FIFA for 17 years, aided by votes from less prominent football nations that received development funds aimed at promoting the sport.', u'"If tomorrow one member association is going to be more equal than the other, then of course that is going to raise serious issues, and that would not be good for world football and that would not be good for FIFA," Pakistani football chief Faisal Saleh Hayat told Reuters.', u'Zimbabwe Football Association spokesman Xolisani Gwesela said it would be unfair for countries in Africa and the developing world not to have the same vote as Germany or England.', u'Raymond Tim Kee, head of the Trinidad and Tobago Football Federation, also opposed the German plan, saying: "Big nations will trample on small countries like us in the Caribbean."', u'Jacinto Reyes, President of the Nicaragua Football Federation, added: "I am totally against this attitude because we have always spoken about racial discrimination and this idea is also discrimination."', u"As the corruption scandal widened, Paraguay's congress approved a measure withdrawing immunity from the headquarters of South America's CONMEBOL football confederation.", u'(Writing by Toby Davis in London; editing by Giles Elgood)']), ([u'Defending Champ Bautista Agut Out in Topshelf Open 2nd Round'], [u'S-HERTOGENBOSCH, Netherlands \u2014  Defending champion Roberto Bautista Agut was paid back by French qualifier Nicolas Mahut, who beat the Spaniard 6-2, 6-4 at the Topshelf Open on Thursday.', u'Mahut was the titleholder last year when Bautista Agut beat him in the quarterfinals en route to his maiden title here.', u'On Thursday, Mahut broke him five times to move into the quarters.', u'Second-seeded David Goffin of Belgium beat Jurgen Melzer of Austria 7-6 (2), 6-2 for his first win here in three attempts, and No. 6 Adrian Mannarino defeated Swiss qualifier Marco Chiudinelli 6-3, 6-2.', u'No. 8 Joao Sousa of Portugal, a semifinalist last year, lost to qualifier Illya Marchenko of Ukraine 6-3, 7-6 (2).', u"In women's play, second-seeded Jelena Jankovic reached the last eight with a 6-1, 6-4 win against Andrea Hlavackova of the Czech Republic, and next faces Annika Beck of Germany, who beat another Czech, Klara Koukalova, 6-4, 6-4.", u'Fourth-seeded Belinda Bencic beat ', u' quarterfinalist Alison Van Uytvanck of Belgium 6-3, 6-2, and the 18-year-old Swiss player next faces seventh-seeded Kristina Mladenovic of France.', u'Dutch player Kiki Bertens saved all five break points in a 6-2, 6-2 upset win against No. 6 Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova of Russia. Next up for Bertens is third-seeded American Coco Vandeweghe.']), ([u'Nadal Made to Work Hard in 3-Set Win Over Baghdatis'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Top-seeded Rafael Nadal opened his grass-court season with a hard-earned three-set victory over Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus at the Mercedes Cup on Thursday.', u'The Spaniard needed 2 hours, 40 minutes to win 7-6 (5), 6-7 (5), 6-2 and book a place in the quarterfinals.', u'"The first match on grass is always tough," Nadal said. "He\'s a very good player and he\'d already played a match."', u'Nadal had a bye into the second round. He will next face fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic, who cut short the comeback of German veteran Tommy Haas with a 7-6 (6), 6-2 victory.', u'"I need to be more aggressive, to return better, and to move better," Nadal said after his first match since losing in the ', u' quarterfinals to Novak Djokovic.', u'Nadal was 4-2 down when he saved three break points. He took the first-set tiebreaker with a service winner.', u'In the second, Baghdatis hit some big forehand winners down the line and was steadier. But in the third, Nadal broke serve for 3-1 and stepped up his game. Baghdatis finished with 12 aces, and Nadal seven.', u"The 37-year-old Haas played his second match after missing more than a year with a shoulder injury. Tomic saved two set points and then won the first 11 points of the second set as he quickly broke Haas' serve twice for a decisive lead.", u'"I couldn\'t serve the way I wanted to," a frustrated Haas said.', u'German qualifier Mischa Zverev continued his good run, beating Andreas Seppi of Italy 6-2, 6-4 for a place in the last eight. Zverev will face second-seeded Marin Cilic, the ', u' champion, who beat Matthias Bachinger of Germany 7-6 (2), 6-3.']), ([u"Canada's Coach Gets Ready to Face Former Team at World Cup"], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Canada coach John Herdman figures there will be some emotion when his team takes on New Zealand on Thursday night.', u"Herdman coached New Zealand at the past two Women's World Cups. In the 2011 edition in Germany, the Ferns were already eliminated when they played a gutsy 2-all draw with Mexico.", u'That got Herdman noticed by the Canadian national team, which made him head coach in September 2011, taking over for Carolina Morace.', u'"Just really looking forward to this match," Herdman said on the eve of the game against his former team in Edmonton, Alberta. "For people who know the history \u2014 I\'ve worked with this (New Zealand) team, given it six years of my life, and they\'ve given me six years of theirs. I\'ve known a lot of these girls from when they were teenagers and now they\'re at the peak of their careers."', u"Herdman has already proven to be a good hire for Canada, which surprised many by winning the bronze medal at the 2012 Olympics. As coach of the host nation, there's plenty of pressure on Herdman to push Canada to a podium finish at the World Cup.", u'The eighth-ranked Canadians opened the World Cup by defeating China 1-0 with a second-half stoppage-time penalty kick by captain Christine Sinclair, drawing roars from the home-country crowd of more than 53,000 at Commonwealth Stadium.', u'With a victory over the Ferns on Thursday night, Canada will be assured a spot in the knockout round.', u'New Zealand, ranked No. 17, opened Group A with a disappointing 1-0 loss to the Netherlands last Saturday.', u"Herdman's former assistant, Tony Readings, was promoted as New Zealand's head coach when Herdman left. In London, Readings led the Ferns to the knockout stage for the first time. Both Canada and New Zealand fell to the United States at the Olympics.", u"Herdman's love for his former team didn't prevent him from a little trash talk before the match.", u'"I think, quality for quality, we\'re a better team than New Zealand," he said Wednesday. "If we connect, and we connect like we did against China for periods, and we improve on some things and live the game plan, Canada should win this game."', u'Other story lines around the World Cup:', u'MONCTON QUEUES: There was criticism of the logistics in Moncton, New Brunswick, following what fans said were long lines, too few entrances and a shuttle bus shortage at Moncton Stadium.', u'Fans posted images of the lines before the Group F opening match between France and England on Tuesday while television coverage of the game showed a half-empty stadium at the start. Attendance for the match was later announced at 11,686. Capacity was 13,000.', u'"The National Organizing Committee and local venue are reviewing the operations of Tuesday\'s match in Moncton and will identify improvements on spectator flow where possible.  We are working on communication strategies to remind spectators that with largely attended sporting events of this nature, enhanced security measures are put in place which may lengthen the entry process and thus should plan to arrive earlier at the stadium," the NOC said in a statement.', u'The next games in Moncton, on the Atlantic side of Canada in the Maritime Providences, are on Saturday when France faces Colombia and England takes on Mexico.', u'WEDNESDAY RECAP: The teams all had a day off on Wednesday.', u"LOOKING AHEAD: Before Canada's match against New Zealand, China plays the Netherlands in the earlier Group A match at Commonwealth Stadium. At Ottawa's Landsdowne Stadium, Group B continues with top-ranked Germany facing Norway before Ivory Coast plays Thailand.", u'FINAL WORD: There are no vuvuzelas (remember those?) allowed at the World Cup. A few were seen in a trash can near an entrance at Winnipeg Stadium on Monday.']), ([u'Azerbaijan Rejects Human Rights Violations Claims on Games Eve'], [u'BAKU \u2014  Azerbaijan rejected claims it had cracked down on human rights activists and political opponents ahead of the European Games starting on Friday, saying there were no political prisoners in its jails.', u'Baku is playing host to the first continental multi-sports event and accusations of consistent human rights violations have accompanied it ever since it was awarded the Games back in 2012.', u'"Political prisoners, this question has been frequently used by some western circles," Ali Hasanov, Assistant of the President on public-political issues, told a news conference on Thursday.', u'"There are no political prisoners in Azerbaijan. There are people who are in prison for criminal offences. There are judicial courts that take decisions on these cases. And no sovereign state can interfere with the decision of the courts and change it," he said.', u'Several international human rights groups including Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch (HRW) as well as some European politicians have accused the Azerbaijan government of arresting, jailing and torturing journalists, human rights defenders and opposition group members.', u'"There are 55 political parties in Azerbaijan and they all take part in rallies, pickets and elections and they practice with full freedom," Hasanov, sitting next to the country\'s sports minister Azad Rahimov, said.', u'"Some European organizations are running a campaign that claims there are political prisoners in Azerbaijan, that there is no independent press, but this is all groundless."', u'Energy-rich Azerbaijan, governed by President Ilham Aliyev since he succeeded his father in 2003, has been courted by the West because of its role as an alternative to Russia in supplying oil and gas to Europe.', u'JAIL SENTENCE', u'In April an Azeri court sentenced well-known human rights activist Rasul Jafarov to six and a half years in jail on embezzlement and tax evasion charges.', u"Earlier on Thursday the Guardian newspaper said its chief sports correspondent, Owen Gibson, was not given an accreditation that also acts as a visa to enter the country after the paper's coverage of Games preparations in Baku back in December.", u"Amnesty also said two days ago several of its members, traveling to Baku to present what would be a damning report on the government's human rights record, were barred from entering.", u'Baku has spent more than a billion dollars in staging the inaugural June 12-28 European Games, hoping to reinforce its international image as a top destination for major sports events.', u'European Olympic Committees president Patrick Hickey, whose organization awarded the Games to Baku, said it was not up to him to tell a sovereign state what to do.', u'"We have been working away behind the scenes to solve these problems. We had a meeting with HRW International. We have done everything we can to find answers to these questions," Hickey told reporters.', u'"There\'s one thing we cannot do and that is to dictate to a sovereign state how to run its affairs."', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann)']), ([u'Schooling Clinches Ninth Gold at SEA Games'], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  Singapore's new swimming sensation Joseph Schooling signed off from the Southeast Asian Games on Thursday with a record ninth gold medal, confirming his status as the star of the region's biggest multi-sports event.", u'A class above his rivals, the 19-year-old won gold in all nine events he entered and set 10 SEA Games records along the way.', u'"That was goal going into this meet and I\'m happy to have reached my expectations and my targets," he said after clinching his ninth gold medal, in the Singaporean 4x100 metre medley relay.', u'"It\'s just one step forward to my ultimate dream and I think I\'m on track for achieving that."', u'Based in the United States, training and studying at the University of Texas, Schooling is already setting his sights on bigger things.', u"His immediate goal is this year's world championships in Russia, where he will trim his workload back to three events, all butterfly, before turning his focus to next year's Rio Olympics.", u'"This was just a small stepping stone to what I\'m trying to achieve," he said.', u'"I know it\'s a big deal to Singapore and stuff, but I think a lot of guys on the team have gone past the SEA Games and we\'re on a different platform right now than where we were a couple of years ago.', u'"We\'re going to have to start looking at Commonwealth Games, Asian Games and slowly the worlds and ultimately the Olympics."', u'Inspired by Schooling, Singapore finished the six-day swimming programme with 23 gold medals from 38 events.', u"Schooling's 18-year-old team mate Quah Zheng Wen, another exciting prospect from the tiny city-state, won seven golds and medals in each of the 12 events he entered.", u"Vietnam finished second with 10 golds, eight of which were won by Florida-based teenager Nguyen Thi Anh Vien, a gold medallist at last year's Youth Olympics.", u'With Vietnam unable to enter a relay team, the 18-year-old competed in 12 individual events, winning eight of them and finishing on the podium in two others.', u'On Thursday, she squeezed every ounce of energy to win the 200m breaststroke, one of her weakest events, then dived straight back in the pool after her medal ceremony and came fourth in the 100m butterfly, as her exhausting schedule finally caught up with her.', u'Like Schooling, Nguyen has bigger things in mind and will swim a much smaller programme at the world championships and Olympics, but all she wants for now is a rest.', u'"Eight gold medals. I\'m happy," she said. "But I\'m very, very tired."', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Klinsmann Sets U.S. on Path to Higher Goals'], [u'DUESSELDORF, Germany \u2014  After stunning away wins over two European superpowers, U.S. coach Juergen Klinsmann\'s "get-tough" policy of taking on the world\'s best appears to be vindicated as his side can look to the next World Cup without an inferiority complex.', u'The U.S. came from behind twice in the last five days to beat the Netherlands 4-3 on Friday and then World Cup winners Germany 2-1 on Wednesday.', u'"Now you suddenly face Germany or Holland or Switzerland in the World Cup and there\'s no fear any more," Klinsmann told Reuters.', u"The former Germany striker has gone out of his way to schedule friendlies against difficult opponents in order to raise his team's game and hopes the tough competition will help at next month's Gold Cup.", u'"There\'s still respect for the big teams. You always have respect. But there\'s not too much respect anymore," he said.', u'"I think psychologically it was really important for our players to see that we can play against top teams like Netherlands and Germany. We\'re not coming to Europe just to defend. We\'re here to take a game to them and see what happens."', u'Klinsmann, who coached Germany from 2004 to 2006 before taking over the U.S. job in 2011, knows it is a perilous business to fill the calendar with matches against the very best as poor results could give ammunition to critics.', u'"The only way to get better is to play against the better teams," he said in an interview in Duesseldorf. "Going against  big teams on a regular basis is valuable in helping the players understand what it takes to go eye-to-eye against the best."', u'Klinsmann, who sang both the U.S. and Germany national anthems before the match in Cologne, faced some criticism after his team suffered 3-2 losses against Denmark and Chile.', u'The merits of friendlies are relative. To some they matter a lot; to others they are next to meaningless. For Klinsmann the experience is precious while results are secondary.', u'"The information you get out of these games is so valuable that it\'s definitely worth taking the risks of not getting results," said Klinsmann, whose team have a 3-1-1 record this year against five teams ranked in FIFA\u2019s top 20.', u'LOFTY GOAL', u'Klinsmann has set a lofty goal of reaching the semi-finals of the 2018 World Cup and Americans hope to one day win it. Many might have laughed at that once. But not any more.', u"The U.S. have now beaten Germany in two of their last three matches over the last three years but lost the one that mattered most in last year's World Cup, 1-0. Both advanced from the", u'"Group of Death" but the U.S. were eliminated by Belgium.', u'"When I look back at the World Cup, I think we had too much respect for Germany and maybe even for Belgium," he said.', u'Klinsmann said tough matches gave Americans a chance to feel the pressure, something the North American-based players might not experience as regularly as his European-based players.', u'He said his players are in good form ahead of the Gold Cup which the U.S. co-host with Canada.', u'"We feel well-prepared but it\'s going to be tricky because we\'ll most likely be playing against very defensive minded teams, especially in the group phase," he said.', u'(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum; editing by Toby Davis and Justin Palmer)']), ([u"Soccer 'Minnows' Hit Back at German Idea to Weight FIFA Votes"], [u"ISLAMABAD/MEXICO CITY \u2014  For soccer chiefs in the developing world, a German proposal to change the one country, one vote system within the sport's ruling body FIFA would not only be undemocratic, but also deal a major blow to nations struggling to develop the game at home.", u'The views of officials in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean reflect a broad backlash against proposed reforms put forward by Germany this week to give soccer power-houses a greater say in who runs FIFA as it grapples with allegations of bribery.', u'Outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter ruled the powerful body for 17 years, aided by votes from less prominent soccer nations that received development funds aimed at promoting the sport.', u'In a May election, he won 133 votes from 209 member associations, easily beating his only rival despite the disclosure of U.S. indictments on corruption charges of a number of past and present FIFA officials. Blatter resigned a few days later as U.S. and Swiss investigations into corruption within FIFA widened.', u'"If tomorrow one member association is going to be more equal than the other, then of course that is going to raise serious issues, and that would not be good for world soccer and that would not be good for FIFA," said Pakistan soccer chief Faisal Saleh Hayat.', u'"First and foremost is the basic principal of equality," the president of the Pakistan Football Federation (PFF) told Reuters in an interview in Islamabad.', u"Hayat, who like most Asian member countries supported Blatter last month, was unapologetic, saying that without his and FIFA's backing, Pakistan would not have received the financial support it has over the last decade or so.", u'VIEWS ECHOED', u'Those views were echoed by Football Kenya Federation vice president, Robert Asembo.', u'"Africa\xa0always vote for the candidate with the best development plan for the continent," he said.', u'Zimbabwe Football Association spokesman Xolisani Gwesela said it would be unfair for countries in Africa and the developing world not to have the same vote as Germany or England.', u'"I do not think my association will ever vote for something that celebrates inequality," he said.', u'Similar views could be heard in the Caribbean and Latin America.', u'Raymond Tim Kee, head of the Trinidad and Tobago Soccer Federation that indicted soccer official Jack Warner once controlled, said: "Big nations will trample on small countries like us in the Caribbean. No, we will vociferously protest against this."', u'Jacinto Reyes, President of the Nicaragua Football Federation, said soccer was a sport for everyone.', u'"I don\u2019t think that the United States\u2019 or Germany\u2019s or England\u2019s vote should be worth more than Nicaragua\u2019s or others in Central America \u2013 than the poor countries.', u'"I am totally against this attitude because we have always spoken about racial discrimination and this idea is also discrimination."', u'The President of the Honduras Soccer Federation, Rafael Callejas, said it was important to spread the World Cup around between regions.', u'Calling for the finals to be held in his part of the world in 2026, he said: The thing that worries us most is that it will all be in Europe \u2013 the best soccer in the world is in Europe and they are the ones with the most money, so all the World Cups will be in Europe. That doesn\u2019t seem fair to me."', u'DEEPENING DIVIDE', u'The views from so-called soccer "minnows" reflect a rift within FIFA that has deepened since U.S. and Swiss authorities announced their investigations.', u"Blatter's opponents, mainly in Europe, want him to step down immediately and believe he has allowed the game to be tarnished by failing to tackle the suspicion that votes for lucrative tournaments and staff positions can effectively be bought.", u'Others in Asia, Africa and beyond, who jointly account for more than half of the 209 votes, argue FIFA has an obligation to develop soccer in countries where it does not bring in huge amounts of money and has little grass roots support.', u'Some also say that objections to Blatter, and proposals to change FIFA\'s voting system, may be "sour grapes" on the part of countries who did not want Qatar to win the 2022 World Cup.', u'The FBI are investigating bribery and corruption at FIFA, including scrutiny of how it awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia for 2018, and Qatar for 2022.', u'"The perception which has arisen now is that Europe, or at least part of Europe, is on one side and the vast majority of playing nations are on the other side and this is not what football is for," Hayat said.', u'Jerome Champagne, a former FIFA presidential candidate, said the concept of one country, one vote within the organization was often over-simplified.', u'"People point the finger at Cayman Islands and Montserrat, but first they have the right, (and) secondly they had one position in all FIFA structures while Germany have seven or eight members on all the various committees," he told Reuters.', u'"With what would we replace it? Democracy is not a perfect system, but the guy who can find another one should give me a call."', u'(Additional reporting by Brian Homewood in Zurich, MacDonald Dzirutwe in Harare, Linda Hutchinson-Jafar in Port of Spain; Writing by Mike Collett-White; Editing by Giles Elgood)']), ([u"England Now Have a Team of 'Game-Changers'-Hart"], [u'LONDON \u2014  England goalkeeper Joe Hart believes England now have a squad of "game-changers" and will qualify for next year\'s European Championship in France playing exciting football.', u'Hart will be in goal when England face Slovenia away on Sunday as they look to maintain their 100 percent record in qualifying Group E, having won five out of five so far.', u"While Wayne Rooney and Danny Welbeck have scored the bulk of England's goals in the qualifying campaign, Hart believes the likes of Everton's Ross Barkley, Aston Villa's Fabian Delph and Liverpool's Raheem Sterling offer plenty of variety.", u'"We have got some young, kind of fearless players," Hart said at a news conference at England\'s training base.', u'"We\'re at that amazing stage where we put 11 players on the pitch but the 13 or 14 players (that don\'t start) can come on and change it, they are not lesser players, they are not being brought on for any other reason.', u'"We have a squad of 23 of equal players and it\'s a real tough 11 to get into. When we are making changes, we have game changers in the team. As a back four or five we are knocking it down to let the boys express themselves."', u'England lead the group with 15 points from five games, with Slovenia and Switzerland both on nine.', u'Victory would leave England within touching distance of qualification but Hart is not getting carried away.', u'"We have won all our games so far but we have some tough games to come and Slovenia is definitely a tough game, they are one of the teams that could catch us in the group," he said.', u'"We\'ve made as much progress as is possible. The nature of qualifying is that it\'s not to the level of the group stages of a World Cup but we\'ve done the minimum.', u'"We\'ve made strides, we\'re building a team and ethos and hopefully we can get as many qualifying wins to get to France as soon as possible."', u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Gregory to Replace Outgoing Marketing Head Brink at NASCAR'], [u"CHARLOTTE, N.C. \u2014  NASCAR has promoted Jill Gregory to lead the sport's marketing efforts. She'll replace Kim Brink, who is leaving NASCAR to join a group of agencies dedicated to Ford.", u"Brink will become chief operating officer of Global Team Ford, the WPP-owned group of agencies dedicated to Ford. She led all NASCAR marketing initiatives since 2011 and launched NASCAR's current Hispanic outreach efforts, along with the development of the youth marketing platform, Acceleration Nation.", u"Gregory, a senior vice president, will take over the marketing piece in addition to her current role as head of the Industry Services department. Gregory's current position handles driver, team, event and marketing services and industry operations.", u'"Jill is an extraordinary leader with world-class marketing experience from the client, agency and sports property perspective who also has deep relationships across NASCAR and keen understanding of the needs of all our stakeholders," NASCAR chief marketing officer Steve Phelps said Thursday. "Her combined skills, experience and ability to integrate make her a perfect choice to lead this critical discipline into the future. We can\'t thank Kim enough for what she has built over the last four years and her new opportunity certainly reflects her immeasurable contributions at NASCAR."', u"Gregory will report to Phelps on marketing and will continue to report to chief racing development officer Steve O'Donnell on industry services.", u'Gregory joined NASCAR in 2007 from Bank of America, where she was senior vice president of Motorsports Marketing. She was previously director of NASCAR Sprint Cup Series marketing at Sprint NEXTEL and worked earlier in her career in-house at Texaco, and with sports marketing agencies GMR and Wunderman.', u'She was among the inaugural class of "Game Changers: Women in Sports Business" by SportsBusiness Journal and SportsBusiness Daily.', u'"NASCAR is a globally recognized brand and this is an important moment in our history so I\'m thrilled to have this opportunity to lead marketing," Gregory said. "We have many strong assets in the sport right now and I look forward to integrating Industry Services and Marketing as we work across the industry to build our brand and the profile of our drivers, tracks and events to grow NASCAR."']), ([u'New Wave of Coaches Makes More Inroads in Argentina'], [u'BUENOS AIRES \u2014  A wave of young coaches with European experience taking charge of Argentine top flights clubs is gaining momentum with Lucas Bernardi\u2019s appointment at Newell\u2019s Old Boys and Gabriel Heinze in talks with Godoy Cruz.', u'Bernardi, who played for Monaco from 2001-08 before returning home to Rosario and helping Newell\u2019s win their sixth league title in 2013, will be cutting his coaching teeth from next week at the age of 37.', u'\u201cThe captain of our last champion team will take charge formally after being presented at a press conference next Tuesday,\u201d the club said on their website (', u').', u'Newell\u2019s sacked Americo Gallego, one of the older generation of coaches, last week with Bernardi set to make his debut at home to Racing Club on the weekend of July 12-13 after the mid-season recess for the Copa America.', u'Also in line for a coaching debut is Bernardi\u2019s former Newell\u2019s and Argentina team mate Heinze, whose clubs during his 15 years as a player in Europe included Paris St-Germain, Manchester United and Real Madrid and who could take charge at Godoy Cruz.', u'\u201cIf all goes well, Heinze will be the coach,\u201d club president Jose Manzur was quoted as saying by La Nacion.', u'Giants River Plate and Boca Juniors have benefited from the appointment last year of coaches Marcelo Gallardo and Rodolfo Arruabarrena, both 39, in the last year.', u'Mauricio Pellegrino, a more experienced member of the new wave, has joined Independiente after two years in charge of Estudiantes.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve come to a sleeping giant who, owing to circumstances we all know, have suffered,\u201d the 43-year-old told reporters at his unveiling on Wednesday.', u'Independiente, one of Argentina\u2019s \u201cBig Five\u201d clubs with a record seven South American Libertadores Cup titles, came back from their first ever relegation last year and struggled to find their feet in the top flight under Jorge Almiron, who was sacked two weeks ago.', u'Pellegrino, former assistant to Rafa Benitez at Liverpool and Inter Milan and head coach at Valencia in 2012-13, will begin work next week preparing for a first match in charge at home to Olimpo.', u'Independiente won the Copa Sudamericana, second in importance to the Libertadores, in 2010 but they have failed to win the league title since 2002.', u'Independiente and Godoy Cruz are in the bottom half of the standings, 12 and 15 points respectively behind leaders San Lorenzo. Newell\u2019s are nine points adrift.', u'(Reporting by Luis Ampuero; Writing by Rex Gowar)']), ([u'Spikey Prior So Much More Than a Big Cheese'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Feisty, positive and quietly efficient, Matt Prior was one of England's finest wicketkeeper batsmen in seven years behind the stumps during which he helped his country to three Ashes victories.", u"He made a century on his debut against the West Indies in 2007 and played 79 test matches, averaging 40.18, behind only Australian Adam Gilchrist, Sri Lanka's Kumar Sangakkara and Zimbabwean Andy Flower among wicketkeepers.", u'That he should be mentioned alongside such eminent players is a tribute to the contribution of the South African-born right-hander who through sheer hard work made himself into an outstanding gloveman.', u'Prior, who announced his retirement from all forms of cricket on Thursday at the age of 33, was a key member of the England team who won the Ashes in 2009, 2010-11 and 2013.', u'A prickly character, he usually scored his runs quickly and was particularly strong square of the wicket.', u'But he could also play more defensively when the situation demanded as showed by batting for nearly five hours to score a hundred and save a series in New Zealand in 2013.', u"Prior's form deserted him and he endured a miserable Ashes tour of Australia in 2013-14 during which he was dropped as England suffered a 5-0 mauling.", u'Controversy flared in the fallout from that series and Prior was at the heart of it, described mockingly as the "big cheese" by his team mate Kevin Pietersen who accused him of being "the schoolyard bully who is also the teacher\'s pet."', u'Prior has not played for England since last July due to serious injury problems but his retirement, following those of Graeme Swann and Jonathan Trott, signals the end for another player who was an integral member of a successful team.', u'Ironically, however, the announcement came at the end of a week in which Jos Buttler has proved himself to be a worthy successor as England wicketkeeper.', u'Buttler made a gritty 73 in the second test against New Zealand before showcasing his majestic batting skills in a scintillating knock of 129 in the first one-day international.', u'Prior was never able to translate his test form to the limited-overs game and averaged a modest 24.18 in 68 ODIs, a surprising statistic for a player capable of timing the ball so sweetly.', u"Prior's test record, however, compares favourably with England's most successful wicketkeepers.", u"He took 243 catches and made 13 stumpings, putting him ahead of Alec Stewart and Godfrey Evans and behind only Alan Knott on England's all-time list.", u'Like all good stumpers, Prior was the heartbeat of his team and Buttler will have had an exceptional career if he can emulate his predecessor.', u'(Editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'FIFA Director of Communications De Gregorio to Leave Office'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  FIFA's director of communications Walter de Gregorio is to relinquish office with immediate effect, leaving what had become the increasingly thankless job of defending soccer's scandal-plagued governing body.", u'FIFA said the Swiss-Italian would, however, continue to serve on a consultancy basis until the end of the year.', u'The announcement came two days after De Gregorio appeared on a Swiss television chat show hosted by Roger Schawinski and told a self-deprecating joke about FIFA.', u'Right at the end of the program, Schawinski asked De Gregorio to tell his favorite joke. De Gregorio said: "The FIFA president, secretary general and media director are sitting in a car. Who\'s driving. Answer? The police."', u"De Gregorio had taken over in September 2011 and had been given free reign to speak on FIFA's behalf, appearing in public debates and on television.", u'He faced the media alone two weeks ago on the day when seven soccer officials, wanted by United States prosecutors on corruption charges, were arrested by Swiss police in the dawn raid on the luxury hotel where FIFA accommodate visiting guests.', u'On that occasion, De Gregorio turned the situation on its head, saying it was part of a clean-up process FIFA themselves had initiated and that FIFA "welcomed" the police action.', u'He also introduced the news conference on June 2 where FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced that he would step down and call a new election.', u'De Gregorio was visibly upset and appeared close to tears as Blatter made his speech.', u'"Walter has worked incredibly hard for the past four years and we are immensely grateful for all he has done. I am glad we will be able to continue to draw on his expertise until the end of the year," said FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said.', u'De Gregorio was head of sports at Swiss newspaper Blick, and a journalist with SonntagsZeitung and the magazine Weltwoche.', u'His deputy Nicolas Maingot will take over on a caretaker basis, a role he also performed before De Gregorio was appointed.', u'(Additional reporting by Katherine Bart; Writing by Mitch Phillips and Brian Homewood, editing by Toby Davis and Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Three Austrian Swimmers Injured in Bus Collision'], [u"BAKU \u2014  Three Austrian synchronised swimmers were hurt when they were hit by a shuttle bus in the European Games athletes' village on Thursday with one of the teenagers suffering multiple injuries, the team said.", u'Two of the girls, all 15 years old, were being treated in hospital in the Azeri capital, with one of them, Vanessa Sahinovic, having sustained serious injuries.', u'Luna Pajer sustained an arm injury which will require further tests in Vienna.', u'Both will be flown back to the Austrian capital as soon as possible, while the third, Verena Breit suffered only a minor knock on the thigh and returned to the team quarters after a brief treatment.', u'"Vanessa Sahinovic is unfortunately seriously injured, she suffered multiple injuries with several fractures," said Austrian team doctor Alfred Engel in a statement.', u"The incident occurred on Thursday morning with the three women walking on the pavement in the sprawling athletes' village when the bus hit them, according to the Austrian team.", u'The European Games start on Friday and run until June 28.', u'"We are shocked by this incident and have taken all necessary measures," said Austrian Olympic Committee general secretary Peter Mennel.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Toby Davis/Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Korean Kim Keeps Errors Away to Grab Lead in Thailand'], [u"(Reuters) - South Korea's Kim Hyung-sung carded a bogey-free seven-under-par 65 to take a one-stroke lead after the opening round of the Thailand Open on Thursday.", u'Kim holed four birdies on the front nine and gained a further three shots after making the turn to stay ahead of young Thai Panuphol Pittayarat, who finished the day in second place after a round of 66.', u'Australian Joshua Younger was a further shot back in third in the $1 million tournament, jointly sanctioned by OneAsia and the Japan Golf Tour.', u'The 35-year-old Kim said his prior experience of playing in Thailand had helped to keep the errors out of his game in the searing heat in Pattaya.', u'"I was a bit lucky today as I missed a few greens but managed to get up and down safely," Kim told reporters at the Plantation Course at Siam Country Club.', u'"I am happy to be leading the tournament. The heat is unbelievable and I had to keep my focus.', u'"However, I am used to conditions in Thailand as I train here over the (Korean) winter. I am really comfortable playing here."', u'Panuphol, better-known by his nickname "Coconut", shot his second bogey of the round on the final hole, which dropped him from a share of the lead.', u'"This is my best day of the year so far. I have been struggling with my putting and tee shots and my chipping a bit. I have been practicing hard and it has been paying off," the 22-year-old said.', u'"I hit 14 fairways today and just missed one and gave myself opportunities to make birdies. My irons were good and I birdied two par threes. I took my chances and holed a lot of putts."', u'(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'De Rossi, Verratti Out of Italy Qualifier in Croatia'], [u'ZAGREB \u2014  Italy face an injury crisis after midfielders Marco Verratti and Danielle De Rossi were ruled out of their Euro 2016 qualifier away to Croatia on Friday.', u'With defenders Andrea Barzagli and Giorgio Chiellini also on the sidelines, Italy coach Antonio Conte will have to field a makeshift side for the Group H clash in the Adriatic resort of Split to be played behind closed doors after Croatia were given a one-match crowd ban.', u'Conte, who is likely to field an adventurous 4-3-3 formation after Verratti dropped out with a calf injury while De Rossi picked up a knock in practice, banked on the good form of evergreen 36-year old playmaker Andrea Pirlo.', u'\u201cHe has the passion and enthusiasm of a boy,\u201d Conte told a news conference in Split after Italy\u2019s final training session on Thursday.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t think Pirlo will leave football just yet because he still has a lot to give and I hope he will be around for some time to come.', u'\u201cIf he gets tired tomorrow, I could shift (Claudio) Marchisio into his position but we will see how it goes.\u201d', u'Croatia coach Niko Kovac welcomed the return to full fitness of towering striker Mario Mandzukic as the hosts will miss injured playmaker Luka Modric and suspended defender Vedran Corluka.', u'\u201cTeam doctors have told me that Mandzukic is ready and although both teams will miss some important players, there is still plenty of quality at either end to produce a good match,\u201d he said.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a specific situation because we will be deprived of home support and I hereby appeal on Croatian fans to leave out in future anything not related to the beautiful game.', u'\u201cThis was designated to be a spectacular event for a capacity 40,000 home crowd but at least we\u2019ve had fantastic working conditions and a warm welcome here.\u201d', u'Croatia top the group with 13 points from five games, two more than Italy and four ahead of third-placed Norway.', u'(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade, Editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u"Mansell Yearns for F1's Good Old Days"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Nigel Mansell says the titanium screws in his left shoulder are a reminder of Formula One\'s "good old days" when drivers were not pampered with electronic aids.', u'The 1992 world champion believes gadgets like Drag Reduction Technology (DRS) and thinner, less grippy tires have taken the thrill out of F1, leaving both fans and drivers short-changed.', u'"We need a bit of magic," Mansell, who won 31 grands prix, said in a Sky Sports interview on Thursday.', u'"Let the drivers drive and race the cars like we used to.', u'"Some of the rules need tweaking, DRS is a false overtaking aid in my opinion and doesn\'t give the driver the opportunity to slipstream properly and demonstrate a bit of a chess game and perhaps plan lap by lap, where to pass.', u'"Also, although Pirelli have done a great job with the tires on what they\'ve been asked to do I think they should go back to the old tires where they had plenty of grip.', u'"Then if a driver wants to deliver the car into a corner and brake really late, put the power on and get sideways he can do it. It\'s very exciting for the fans to watch that."', u"Mansell said the power steering in today's F1 cars means the penalties for hitting curbs or going off line are too light.", u'"All the tracks I drove on were before all the changes and we had a lot of dangerous corners," he said.', u'"We used to go flying into corners knowing if we got it wrong we would have a massive accident so we respected the car and the corners. If we hit the curb too hard the feedback would actually tweak your wrists and you could damage yourself.', u'"We had to do physical training just to be able to hang on to the car, now drivers can drive with a couple of fingers."', u"Lewis Hamilton has already surpassed Mansell's total of wins and could break Michael Schumacher's record of seven world titles, according to Mansell who does not share F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone's view that the Briton is the best world champion ever.", u'"Lewis is a great world champion but there are many more great world champions as well, it\'s just that he\'s got the unbelievable backing of an incredible manufacturer," he said.', u'"Everyone knows I\'m a Lewis fan, he is doing a great job and the equipment he\'s got is fantastic, Mercedes are the best of the best at the moment by far."', u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Martins Saves Portugal Against NZ in U-20 World Cup'], [u'WELLINGTON \u2014  Gelson Martins saved Portugal from the potential embarrassment of being pushed into extra time by New Zealand with an 87th minute goal to give his side a 2-1 victory on Thursday that moved them into the quarter-finals of the under-20 World Cup.', u"Martins wrong footed the New Zealand defence on the slippery surface at Waikato Stadium and stroked the ball with the outside of his right foot past a despairing Nikola Tzanev to end the hosts' hopes of causing the upset of the tournament.", u"New Zealand had never made it to the knockout phases of the tournament before but gave Helio Sousa's side a massive fright after substitute Stuart Holthusen equalised in the 65th minute.", u"Raphael Guzzo had given Portugal the lead in the first half as his side looked in control of the game before Holthusen's goal.", u'The goal spurred the crowd of almost 10,500 into raucous chants of "All Whites, All Whites" and gave the New Zealanders the wistful hopes of grabbing an unlikely victory.', u'"When we scored that goal the place went wild," New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley said in a pitch side interview. "When that happens you want another one."', u'Portugal will now meet Brazil in the quarter-finals in Hamilton on Sunday after the South Americans beat Uruguay 5-4 on penalties following a 0-0 stalemate after extra time.', u"The five-times winners of the competition had dominated the game as Uruguay sat back and defended but were only able to separate themselves from their neighbours when Rodrigo Amaral blasted Uruguay's second penalty over the crossbar.", u"Brazil were perfect and when Gabriel Jesus slotted Brazil's fifth successful spot kick to settle the match he was mobbed by his team mates.", u'Germany continued their clinical march into the last eight after Werder Bremen forward Levin Oeztunali scored the only goal in the 19th minute of their victory over Nigeria in Christchurch.', u'Oeztunali, the grandson of former Germany striker Uwe Seeler, slammed a powerful left-foot shot through the hands of Joshua Enaholo from the edge of the box to set up a quarter-final with Mali in Christchurch.', u"Dostonbek Khamdamov ensured Uzbekistan at least matched their performance from the 2013 tournament by grabbing both goals after the break in his side's 2-0 victory over Austria in Whangarei.", u"Ravshan Khaydraov's side, who only qualified for the round of 16 by beating Fiji 3-0 on the last day of the group stage, will meet Senegal in Wellington in the quarter-finals.", u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Top Official Leaves FIFA as EU Urges Blatter to Go Now'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  FIFA's director of communications Walter de Gregorio is to resign after making a joke on television about the scandal-hit  soccer body, while pressure mounted for his boss Sepp Blatter to step aside at once.", u"The European Parliament said Blatter's failure to depart immediately would block efforts to rid FIFA of rampant corruption.", u"The FIFA president announced his resignation last week as U.S. and Swiss authorities widened their investigations into bribery and corruption at the sport's global governing body, but he is still at his desk.", u'EU lawmakers heaped pressure on Blatter, 79, voting in favor of an eight-page resolution with a series of demands to clean up soccer.', u'The resolution -- non-binding but still indicative of public opinion in Europe -- welcomed Blatter\'s decision to resign, but expressed "serious concern" that he might stay on for a further nine months before a new leader is appointed.', u'The election to find a replacement for Blatter will take place in Zurich between December and February, FIFA announced, with the exact date decided at an executive committee meeting on July 20.', u"The soap opera at FIFA took another turn when it announced that De Gregorio was leaving two days after making a joke at FIFA's expense on a Swiss chat show.", u'The Swiss-Italian, who had taken up his role September 2011, had become a prominent figure within FIFA as a mouthpiece for the organization, appearing in public debates and on television.', u'He had fronted up to the media storm two weeks ago in the immediate aftermath of a dawn raid on the luxury hotel when seven soccer officials, wanted by United States prosecutors on corruption charges, were arrested by Swiss police.', u'He also introduced the news conference where Blatter announced his resignation and appeared close to tears as the departing president announced his exit.', u'PARTING SHOT', u"De Gregorio's departure follows an appearance on Swiss TV when, at the end of the program, he was asked to tell his favorite joke.", u'He replied: "The FIFA president, secretary general and media director are sitting in a car. Who\'s driving. Answer? The police."', u'A FIFA statement gave no reason for De Gregorio leaving what had become an increasingly thankless job of defending FIFA during the scandal.', u'"Walter has worked incredibly hard for the past four years and we are immensely grateful for all he has done," said FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke.', u'The race to succeed Blatter gathered a new challenger on Wednesday when soccer great Zico formally declared his candidacy for the FIFA presidency, but the Brazilian admitted his chances of success were limited.', u"Under FIFA rules he needs the backing of five countries affiliated to world soccer's governing body, which he does not yet have, while he said UEFA boss Michel Platini had advised him to run for head of the Brazilian Football Confederation instead.", u'The rules governing how the FIFA president is elected have come under the spotlight since the corruption scandal erupted, but any plans to alter the voting system are likely to meet stiff opposition.', u'Soccer chiefs in Asia, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean voiced concerns on Thursday at German proposals to change the one member one vote system and hand a greater influence to more established soccer power-houses.', u'The current system has been widely credited with providing Blatter with his power base as he ruled FIFA for 17 years, aided by votes from less prominent soccer nations that received development funds aimed at promoting the sport.', u'"If tomorrow one member association is going to be more equal than the other, then of course that is going to raise serious issues, and that would not be good for world soccer and that would not be good for FIFA," Pakistani soccer chief Faisal Saleh Hayat told Reuters.', u'Zimbabwe Football Association spokesman Xolisani Gwesela said it would be unfair for countries in Africa and the developing world not to have the same vote as Germany or England.', u'Raymond Tim Kee, head of the Trinidad and Tobago Soccer Federation, also opposed the German plan, saying: "Big nations will trample on small countries like us in the Caribbean."', u'Jacinto Reyes, President of the Nicaragua Football Federation, added: "I am totally against this attitude because we have always spoken about racial discrimination and this idea is also discrimination."', u"As the corruption scandal widened, Paraguay's congress approved a measure withdrawing immunity from the headquarters of South America's CONMEBOL soccer confederation.", u'(Writing by Toby Davis in London; editing by Giles Elgood)']), ([u'Former England Wicketkeeper Prior Announces Retirement'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Former England wicketkeeper Matt Prior has retired from all forms of cricket on medical advice, the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) said on Thursday.', u'The 33-year-old, known as the "engine room" in two Ashes-winning sides, has been suffering with an Achilles tendon injury and has not played since last year.', u'"Today is a very sad day for me as I am forced to announce my retirement from the game I love," Prior, who was also an aggressive middle-order batsman, said.', u'"I had been hoping and expecting to be fit for the start of the 2015 season. Unfortunately, this has proved impossible, and I have now had to reach this decision."', u"Prior played 79 tests for England, the first in 2007 against West Indies when he made 126 not out and the last against India at Lord's last year.", u"Only Alan Knott claimed more dismissals for England than Prior's 256 while Prior also made 4,099 Test runs.", u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u"Dellavedova's Success Delights Sleepy Australian Home-Town"], [u"MELBOURNE \u2014  Don't be fooled by the viking beard and the cavalier approach to man-on-man defense. Cleveland guard Matthew Dellavedova is a good country boy with a heart of gold, according to proud residents of the Australian's sleepy home-town.", u"Since replacing the injured Kyrie Irving, the feisty 24-year-old's starring role in the NBA Final series has surprised opponents, pundits and his compatriots Down Under, where basketball is generally a faint beep on the sporting radar.", u'But his success has not raised too many eyebrows in Maryborough, Victoria state, where locals among the population of 8,000 rave about "Dellie", a dogged talent with an obsessive work ethic who seemed destined to make his mark in the big-time.', u'"If you actually know him it\'s not surprising," David Sutton, the principal of Dellavedova\'s local high school, told Reuters by telephone.', u'"He had such determination, resilience, ability to focus and work hard, enormous self-belief and huge competitive drive.', u'"He\'s very, very clever, academically, super-smart. He was good at all things ... I think that\'s one of the things that\'s working in his favor. He actually understands the game at a higher level than others."', u"With the NBA playoffs beamed during daylight hours in Australia, the school's performing arts center has been turned into a screening room for students to watch games during morning breaks and lunch.", u'The Cavaliers lead Golden State Warriors 2-1 in the best-of-seven series and if it goes down to the wire, the school might have to shift class-times to allow live viewing, said Sutton, who has known the player since he was at kindergarten.', u"The Dellavedova family is prominent in town, with the basketballer's mother Leann and aunt both teachers at Maryborough Educational Centre.", u"Dellavedova's father Mark was also a decent basketballer in local leagues.", u'DELLAVEDOVA DOME', u'Like small towns the world over, virtually everyone knows everyone in Maryborough, where tidy streets and grand public buildings are typical of the rural centers near Melbourne that boomed in the 19th century gold rush.', u"The town is proud of its history of producing top players in the indigenous football code Australian Rules, which remains the true sporting obsession for most people in the country's southern states.", u'But the Dellavedova buzz has taken sporting pride to a new level and the council will consider a proposal to re-name the local two-court basketball stadium the "Dellavedova Dome".', u'Wendy McIvor, mayor of the Central Goldfields Shire which incorporates the town, is a family friend and supports the motion for a player she describes as down-to-earth and with the highest integrity.', u'"He\'s just the same old kid when he comes home," she told Reuters.', u'"We\'re so thrilled for him personally, we\'re thrilled that his hard work and dedication has got him so far."', u"Dellavedova brought his Californian college team St. Mary's home with him one year, causing a stir.", u'Bringing his Cleveland team mates with the trophy would be the ultimate honor.', u'"We would be so excited if LeBron James came and had a game of basketball in the town," McIvor laughed. "We\'d open up the door to him, don\'t you worry."', u"Dellavedova was on an IV drip in hospital to treat severe cramping after his lion-hearted, 20-point performance in Tuesday's win in Game Three.", u'Few in Maryborough have any doubt he will be able to rise to the occasion for Game Four on Thursday.', u'"When he gets knocked down he gets back up again. And he keeps giving more and more," said McIvor.', u'"We don\'t want to miss a minute. There\'s Dellie fever through the whole community ... Dellie gold from Maryborough."', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Gulf States Defend Qatar 2022 World Cup'], [u"DUBAI \u2014  Gulf Arab countries have offered support for Qatar as host of the 2022 World Cup as criticism grows over the choice of the desert nation as the venue for world soccer's top event.", u"Swiss and U.S. authorities are investigating both Russia and  Qatar's successful campaigns to stage the 2018 and 2022 tournaments.", u"FIFA, world soccer's governing body, has said the countries may be stripped of the cup if evidence emerges of bribery in the bidding. Qatar denies any corruption was involved.", u'The decision to hold the tournament in Qatar was already controversial because of its extreme summer heat, which caused FIFA to move it to winter, forcing domestic leagues to change their schedules.', u'The deaths of migrant workers while building new stadiums has also drawn criticism from international human rights and labor organisations.', u'The United Arab Emirates state news agency WAM and the Qatari state news agency QNA said Gulf information ministers had called Qatar\'s winning of the hosting rights "a success for all the states of the GCC".', u'"The information ministers of the Gulf Cooperation Council renewed their call to confront through the media anyone who seeks to question the eligibility of the State of Qatar to organize the 2022 World Cup," WAM and QNA said in indentical reports.', u'U.S. prosecutors stunned international soccer last month by indicting 14 senior administrators and business figures, including FIFA officials, over alleged bribery and corruption in the sport. The scandal turned the spotlight again on the Qatar bid.', u'Qatari Foreign Minister Khaled al-Attiyah told Reuters last week that criticism of his country was due to prejudice and racism.', u'(Reporting By Noah Browning, Editing by William Maclean and Angus MacSwan)']), ([u'Clasie Out of Dutch Qualifier in Latvia'], [u"AMSTERDAM \u2014  Netherlands midfielder Jordy Clasie has been ruled out of Friday's Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia because of a bout of stomach flu, the Dutch football association (KNVB) said on Thursday.", u'He joins defender Ron Vlaar on the sidelines, leaving a party of 21 to travel to Riga on Thursday for the Group A match.', u"The 23-year-old Clasie, who plays for Feyenoord Rotterdam, has 11 caps and was in the Dutch squad that finished third at last year's World Cup in Brazil.", u'The Netherlands, who beat Latvia 6-0 in Amsterdam in November, lie third in their group, six points behind the Czech Republic and five behind Iceland.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'FIFA to Hold New Election but Under Same Old Rules'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  FIFA began the process of finding a replacement for outgoing president Sepp Blatter on Wednesday with the same system which has caused problems in the past.', u'In the race to become only the ninth president in the scandal-plagued federation\u2019s 111-year history, there is a big risk that once again it will be a question of who can promise the most development funds to the 209 member associations, many of them from smaller countries, who each hold one vote in the presidential election.', u'Blatter, who has said he will not be a candidate, had mastered the system in which his promises of equal distribution of funds earned him the majority of votes from Africa, Asia, Latin American and the Caribbean.', u'He won 133 votes as he beat Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein of Jordan to win a fifth term on May 29, only to lay down his mandate four days later as investigations by the U.S. and Swiss authorities into alleged bribery, money laundering and other corrupt practices continued to intensify.', u"The U.S. indicted nine current or former FIFA officials and five business executives only days before the last election. On Wednesday, Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General seized further data from FIFA as part of its probe.", u'"Eleven days ago, two thirds of the federations voted to maintain the old system of zero transparency and appalling levels of governance," said Jaimie Fuller, chairman of Swiss-based sportswear company SKINS and a campaigner for FIFA reform.    "The problem we have is not just the Sepp Blatter problem, it\'s the FIFA problem," he said, adding that any suggestion FIFA can reform itself is laughable.', u'Aside from the question of cleaning up the organization, other key questions facing soccer - such as the very weak state of professional soccer in many countries and how to stop match-fixing will unlikely be a focus of the election.', u"Among those who may stand are Prince Ali, Europe's soccer chief Michel Platini, and Chung Mong-joon, the billionaire scion of South Korea's Hyundai conglomerate.", u'FIFA announced on Wednesday that an extraordinary executive committee meeting will be held in July to discuss dates for the Congress where the new election will take place.', u'The committee must first decide on the deadline for candidates to formally declare their bids, which must be at least four months before the election. This opens the possibility of the election taking place possibly in December.', u'However, the rules governing the election will remain the same as they are enshrined in the FIFA statutes and can only be changed by Congress.', u'The president of the German Football Association (DFB) Wolfgang Niersbach announced a 10-point reform plan on Wednesday to clean up FIFA.', u'Niersbach suggested that bigger nations should have more votes than smaller ones, an idea that is likely to set the alarm bells ringing in other parts of the world.', u'"I am basically in favor of this democratic participation but I think  a certain weight of each vote based on the size and sporting relevance of the federations would be going in the right direction," said Niersbach.', u"The FIFA vote is a secret ballot, which means associations can promise a candidate their vote and then vote for someone else  without the candidate's knowledge.", u'Candidates may not be able to use the awarding of rights to host a World Cup as a bargaining tool unless there is any sign that pressure is building for either Russia or Qatar to have their rights for the 2018 and 2022 cups, respectively, taken away. The FBI and the Swiss authorities are investigating whether bribes were paid to gain support from executive committee members to win those rights.', u'FIFA said on Wednesday it was postponing the start of the bidding for the 2026 World Cup.', u'Anyone who considers throwing their hat into the ring for the presidency may want to listen to the words of former Portugal forward Luis Figo, who was a candidate last time around and pulled out of the race one week before the election.', u'"Over the past few months I have not only witnessed that desire (for change), I have witnessed consecutive incidents, all over the world, that should shame anyone who desires soccer to be free, clean and democratic,\u201d said Figo.', u'"I have seen with my own eyes federation presidents who, after one day comparing FIFA leaders to the devil, then go on stage and compare those same people with Jesus Christ. Nobody told me about this. I saw it with my own eyes."', u'(Reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Australia Players Take Legal Action Over Pay'], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  Current and former Australia players have taken legal action against the national footballgoverning body over a festering pay dispute days before the team is to open its qualifying campaign for the 2018 World Cup.', u"Football Federation Australia (FFA) said the dispute related to payments dating back to 2010 and slammed the players' union for making it public in the leadup to the June 16 opener against Kyrgyzstan.", u'"The PFA\'s decision to make public statements about a confidential and independent dispute resolution process days before a FIFA World Cup qualifier is inappropriate and unnecessarily disruptive," FFA CEO David Gallop said in a statement on Thursday.', u'"The matters in question relate back to 2010, were first raised in August last year and are not material to the current qualification campaign."', u'The players\' union said it had filed a grievance in accordance with the Socceroos\' Collective Bargaining Agreement in relation to "Agreed Payments".', u'"This is a matter to be determined by an independent arbitrator," Professional Footballers Australia (PFA) said in a statement.', u'"The players have also exercised their rights under the CBA to have the Socceroos commercial contracts independently audited."', u'The PFA said an arbitrator had been appointed but no date had been set to commence proceedings.', u'The team has been at a training camp in United Arab Emirates this week preparing for their first match against the central Asian nation.', u'The PFA said in a statement late on Thursday that their chief executive Adam Vivian had met with Socceroos players in Dubai.', u'"During the meeting the players instructed the PFA to categorically reject any suggestion that the their focus for the upcoming qualifier would waiver due to the media speculation," Vivian said.', u'"In accordance with the players\' instructions this matter has been ongoing for the past six months and has never detracted from their performances over this period.', u'"These are players that are plying their trade at the very highest levels of the game and their commitment to the national team is not in doubt.', u'"The players also reiterated their full support of the PFA in this matter."', u'Australia coach Ange Postecoglou also said the dispute would not have an impact on their qualifying preparations.', u'"All those kind of things have more of an impact externally from what we do here," Australian Associated Press quoted him as saying in Dubai.', u'"Camp has been going well. I can\'t fault our preparation, the players\' mindsets, the staff mindsets."', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury/Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Guam Record First World Cup Qualifying Win'], [u"(Reuters) - Tiny Guam beat Turkmenistan 1-0 to record their first ever World Cup qualifying victory, while the Philippines surprised Bahrain 2-1 as the second round of Asia's preliminaries for Russia 2018 began on Thursday.", u'Saudi Arabia needed a winner from Mohammed al-Sahlawi deep into stoppage time to win 3-2 against ', u', who looked to have salvaged a surprise draw when they equalised in the first minute of added time.', u'Guam, hosting their first ever World Cup qualifier, having lost two away fixtures, were gifted the only goal on the artificial turf at the National Training Centre after Serdar Annaorazov turned the ball into his own net in the 14th minute.', u'Guam host India in their second match in Group D on Tuesday.', u'The Philippines put up a gritty show to overcome visitors Bahrain in a Group H contest.', u'Philippines substitute Misagh Bahadoran struck in the 50th minute before Javier Patino increased the advantage 10 minutes later.', u'Bahrain midfielder Abdulwahab Al Malood reduced the deficit three minutes into second-half stoppage time but it was too little too late for a comeback.', u'North Korea joined the Philippines on three points after a 71st minute goal from So Hyon Uk was enough for a 1-0 win against Yemen.', u'In a dramatic finish in Dammam, Saudi Arabia beat Palestine with the last kick of their Group A encounter.', u'The hosts seemed to be on their way to a routine victory with goals from Yehya al-Shehri and Al-Sahlawi.', u'However, Palestine hit back through Chile-born Pablo Tamburrini, known as Bravo, while another Chile-born player, substitute Matias Jadue, scored in stoppage time after a mistake from Saudi Keeper Khaled Sharaheli.', u'But seconds from celebrating what would have been a notable draw, al-Sahlawi scored the winner for the Saudis after a defensive mistake.', u'Oman downed India 2-1 in Bangalore after dominating a match they could have won by a greater margin.', u"Before the 19,000-plus crowd had time to settle into their seats at the Kanteerava Stadium, Qasim Said capitalised on a defensive lapse to drill the ball through goalkeeper Subrata Paul's legs in the opening minute.", u"India equalised 25 minutes later when Sunil Chetri's spectacular curling left-footer from inside the box hit the inside of the post on its way into the net.", u'Oman were soon dictating terms again and Amad Al-Hosni put them ahead when he converted a 40th-minute penalty.', u'In Dhaka, Kyrgyzstan beat Bangladesh 3-1, with all four goals coming in an action-packed first half of the Group B match.', u"In Group E, Safuwan Baharudin's double helped Singapore beat Vietnam 4-0 in Phnom Penh.", u'Hong Kong had it even easier at home to Bhutan, who they thrashed 7-0 in a ridiculously lopsided Group C contest at the Mongkok Stadium.', u'Jaimes McKee opened the floodgates in the 19th minute and scored again in the second half while five of his team mates were also on target.', u"In Group C, Qatar midfielder Ahmed Al Sayed scored in the ninth minute of stoppage time to secure a 1-0 win away to the  Maldives and spare the 2022 World Cup hosts' blushes against a side ranked 178th in the world.", u'In other matches, Laos were held to a 2-2 draw by Myanmar, Thailand beat Vietnam 1-0 and Malaysia played out a 1-1 draw with East Timor.', u'The eight group winners in the 39-team stage are guaranteed a place in the next round. The second round of Asian World Cup action also doubles as qualification for the 2019 Asian Cup.', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore, Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi and Justin Palmer in London; additional reporting by Osama Khairy in Cairo; editing by Toby Davis and Ken Ferris)']), ([u"I'm Portrayed as Cycling's Voldemort, Says Armstrong"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Lance Armstrong will still ride parts of this year's ", u' route for charity despite feeling as popular as Voldemort, the unspeakable villain of the ', u' movies.', u'The American, stripped by cycling governing body UCI of his seven Tour victories in 2012 because of systematic doping, is supporting former England international soccer player and fellow cancer survivor Geoff Thomas in a fund-raising ride.', u'His presence on the same roads that will see the Tour pass through days later was described as "disrespectful and inappropriate" by UCI chief Brian Cookson in March.', u'"I\'m that guy everybody wants to pretend never lived," the former U.S. Postal team rider Armstrong said in an interview in the Daily Telegrpah.', u'"But it happened, everything happened. We know what happened. Now it\'s swung so far the other way... who\'s that character in Harry Potter they can\'t talk about? Voldemort?', u'"It\'s on every level. If you watch the Tour on American TV, if you read about it, it\'s as if you can\'t mention him."', u'Armstrong, who is still fighting a lifetime ban and a $100\u2009million lawsuit instigated by his former U.S. Postal team mate Floyd Landis which he says would ruin him, said Cookson should be concentrating on more important things than his charity ride.', u'"But I do know that me and Geoff riding in France for this cause is the least of his problems," he said.', u'"If he is making public comments -- and this is as strong as I\'ll go -- he needs to be talking about other things because this sport is not in a good place for a variety of reasons."', u"Asked whether the recent Cycling Independent Reform Commission's (CIRC) report had drawn a line under the sport's murky past, Armstrong said it had been a wasted opportunity.", u"He also criticized Cookson's record in tackling doping.", u'"What I hoped (CIRC) would achieve was that it would almost resemble some sort of adult conversation where we all just go: \'All right. Stop. This is really what happened. And this is who was involved and this is the line we are going to draw in the sand and this is where we are going to move forward.\' But that didn\'t happen," the 43-year-old said.', u'"I came through on my end. I said I would be the first man in the door, I did it, went twice, answered every question. The thing comes out and it gets panned.', u'"So we haven\'t had that adult conversation, I don\'t think.', u'"I absolutely don\'t think (cycling\'s) in a better place."', u'On Cookson, he added: "You guys can decide if he has done a good job. Plenty of people would argue he\'s laid down on a lot of things.', u'"Whether it\'s expedited TUEs (Therapeutic Use Exemptions), Astana, Cookson is not very good at taking people down."', u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"China Condemns Tibet Protesters, Says Won't Shake Bid Resolve"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China on Thursday condemned pro-Tibet demonstrators who burst into a news event with the Olympic committee bidding to host the 2022 Winter Games in Beijing, saying they would not shake China's resolve to host the Games.", u'The protest on Wednesday in Lausanne, Switzerland, could be the first of many such demonstrations and be a public-relations headache for China if Beijing wins the bid to host the event.', u'Three Tibetans disrupted Beijing\'s presentation, according to the International Tibet Network, a Tibetan advocacy group. Online video footage showed one protester being dragged away by security officers as he shouted: "Stop Beijing 2022. No more bloody Games again. IOC, don\'t make the same mistake again."', u'Tibetan parts of China experienced a wave of violent anti-Chinese protests in 2008, the year Beijing hosted the Summer Olympics. Rights groups said the Games were marked by forced evictions - claims angrily dismissed at the time by the government - and other abuses.', u'China has ruled Tibet with an iron fist since troops "peacefully liberated" the region in 1950.', u'Protesters in Lausanne held a banner with the Olympic rings displayed as bullet holes, while a woman wore a t-shirt covered in fake blood.', u'"These people were deliberately provocative," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei told a daily news briefing.', u'"Their behavior will not shake the resolve of the Chinese government and people to apply to hold the Winter Olympics in Beijing."', u"Beijing's bid committee did not respond to a request for comment.", u"Activists have already expressed concern about the possibility Beijing will win, with Tibetan groups saying that China's rights record disqualifies it.", u"President Xi Jinping has overseen a broad crackdown on the country's rights community since he took office in 2013, in what some groups call the worst suppression of dissent in two decades.", u'The International Olympic Committee said last year it would include human rights clauses in new contracts to be signed by future Olympic host cities, strengthening its anti-discrimination policy.', u'China had provided the IOC with "written assurances" of its respect for human rights, an Olympic panel said in a report earlier this month.', u'Beijing is competing with Almaty, Kazakhstan, in its bid to host the 2022 Games. The IOC will pick the winner next month.', u'(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Additional reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie)']), ([u'Olympiakos Sack Pereira Despite Greek Double'], [u'ATHENS \u2014  Greek champions Olympiakos Piraeus have sacked Portuguese coach Vitor Pereira after six months in charge at the club, during which time he led them to a Greek league and cup double.', u'Local media said the 46-year-old had angered Olympiakos owner Vangelis Marinakis when it was reported he held talks with Scottish club Rangers last month.', u'"Olympiakos announces the termination of its cooperation with the coach Vitoria Pereira by mutual consent," said a brief statement on the club\'s website.', u'Pereira made his name at Porto, where he won two consecutive Portuguese league titles, and penned a two-and-a-half-year contract with Olympiakos in January.', u'Olympiakos won its 42nd Greek league title and fifth in a row in April before clinched the Greek Cup for the 27th time when they beat Skoda Xanthi 3-1 in the final at the end of May.', u"Media reports suggested that the relationship between Pereira and the club's administration was already strained over future funding for transfers.", u"Pereira is now expected to take over at Turkish outfit Fenerbahce, while the names being linked with Olympiakos include Dutchman Martin Jol and Elche's Spanish coach Francisco Escriba.", u'(', u')']), ([u"Locks Shorn but Hooper Still Australia's Golden Boy"], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  Michael Hooper's long, golden locks have been shorn but the fierce desire for success that made him the youngest Wallabies captain for more than half a century remains, and that can only be good news for Australia.", u'The 23-year-old flanker signed up to stay at home until the end of 2018 on Thursday, a rare bit of good news for Australia as they battle to keep the likes of Israel Folau, Quade Cooper and Kurtley Beale in Wallaby gold beyond the World Cup.', u'Hooper said he had not been contacted by any clubs bearing bags of cash and looking to lure him away to Europe or Japan, which he put down to the fact that he had never for one moment considered walking away.', u'"Doing anything but this was never on the cards," Hooper told reporters under a tree as a rain shower passed over the New South Wales Waratahs training ground on Thursday.', u'"I\'m really stoked to be able to have some real comfort and real excitement about what\'s going to be a great couple of years.', u'"There\'s a great bunch of guys starting to re-sign. I think it\'s a great competition, the best competition, it\'s a place where players want to play.', u'"An exciting time in Super Rugby over the next couple of weeks... and then the World Cup, which I\'ve never been a part of and I really want to be a part of."', u'Injury aside, Hooper will certainly have his wish where the World Cup is concerned, even if his grip on the number seven shirt is not quite as tight as it was before David Pocock returned from injury and George Smith became eligible again.', u'"I think that\'s a good thing," Hooper said. "It makes you keep on your toes and try and play your best rugby. Competition\'s never a bad thing."', u'NEWCASTLE CYCLONE', u"Hooper, like Smith, grew up in Sydney's northern beaches before following the 111-cap Wallaby's path from the Manly Marlins to Canberra and the ACT Brumbies, where he made his Super Rugby debut as an 18-year-old in 2010.", u'Hooper made his international bow in a defeat to Scotland in a Newcastle typhoon in 2012 and it has pretty much been an upward trajectory for him since.', u"After moving back to his home city with the Waratahs, he won the John Eales Medal as Australia's best player in 2013 and captained New South Wales to their first Super Rugby title last year.", u'A fixture in the Wallabies team for the last test season, Hooper stepped up to take over the captaincy when Stephen Moore was injured after just a few minutes in the role.', u'At 22, he was the youngest skipper since Ken Catchpole in 1961 and he would love to retain the role even now that hooker Moore is fit again and in fine form for the Brumbies.', u'"Massive privilege, massive privilege," he said on Thursday, quickly adding: "For whoever gets it.', u'"I had a taste of it last year and it was a great experience."', u'Hooper has an incredible work ethic, always hungry to carry the ball and make a tackle, and his ball-thieving skills at the breakdown pall in an Australian context only when compared to Pocock.', u'In Michael Cheika, coach this year of the Waratahs and the Wallabies, Hooper has clearly found someone who he believes brings out the best in him.', u'"Part of the reason I re-signed is that I see this as a place I can improve as a player and a person," he said.', u'"With Cheik, I\'ve found myself improving as a player so the more time I get to spend with him (the better)."', u'The Waratahs face a crucial step in their Super Rugby title defence in Sydney on Saturday when they host the Queensland Reds looking to secure a home playoff semi-final.', u"Hooper, however, will cut a slightly different figure on the Sydney Football Stadium pitch after a visit to the barbers to distinguish him from hooker Hugh Roach, whose hairstyle and ill-fitting headband were similar to Hooper's.", u'"Our stats on the field were getting confused so we had to do something about it. I lost the bet so it\'s gone," Hooper laughed.', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Walker Guides Abu Dhabi to Verge of Volvo Ocean Race Title'], [u'LORIENT, France \u2014  British skipper Ian Walker and his Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing crew all but clinched the 12th edition of the Volvo Ocean Race on Thursday after taking third place in the eighth leg from Lisbon to Lorient, France.', u'Only a freak result in the final leg to Gothenburg in which if they finish last of the seven-strong fleet and then are docked at least two penalty points for a serious infringement of sailing rules could now stop them from lifting the trophy in Sweden at the end of the month.', u'The Emirati crew began the 647-nautical mile leg from Portugal on Sunday needing to finish in front of their closest pursuers in the triennial, nine-month marathon offshore event, which was launched as the Whitbread Round the World Race in 1973.', u'In the event, Abu Dhabi took third and then watched Team Brunel (Netherlands) and Dongfeng Race Team (China) finish fifth and seven respectively.', u"The results left Walker's crew eight points clear at the top of the standings and only a serious breach of the rules could stop them now in what should be a 960nm lap of honor to Gothenburg via a 24-hour pit stop in The Hague.", u'For Walker, 45, it was the realization of a career ambition to become the first British skipper to win the race.', u'It was no less of an extraordinary achievement for the Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing project, which only entered the race for the first time in 2011-12 and finished a disappointing fifth.', u'Their triumph was set up on Thursday when they clinched the final podium position behind Leg 8 winners Team SCA and runners-up Team Vestas Wind.', u'Both the latter teams had ample reason to celebrate early on Thursday too.', u'Team SCA had been criticized for their performance so far as the first female crew to contest the race in 12 years.', u'They have finished last of the competing boats in all but two of the seven legs contested previously but dominated this one virtually from the first day.', u"The comfortable 48-minute victory over Team Vestas Wind was the first leg win for a female crew in offshore sailing's toughest challenge since Tracy Edwards' Maiden clinched two stage wins in Class D of the 1989-90 race.", u'Latest standings: 1) Abu Dhabi Ocean Racing 19 pts, 2) Team Brunel (Netherlands) 27, 3) Dongfeng Race Team (China) 29, 4) MAPFRE (Spain) 31, 5) Team Alvimedica (Turkey/U.S.) 33, 6) Team SCA (Sweden) 44, 7) Team Vestas Wind (Denmark) 54.', u'(', u')']), ([u'Gamesmanship in Full Bloom in Stanley Cup Final'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Goaltender Ben Bishop participated in Tampa Bay's morning skate, and was missing when the Lightning warmed up for Game 4. The Chicago Blackhawks hid their completely different lines until the game started.", u'The race is on between coaches Jon Cooper of the Lightning and Joel Quenneville of the Blackhawks for every little inch in one of the tightest Stanley Cup Finals in decades.', u'"Whether it\'s the element of surprise, I mean, we expected the other goalie in the net tonight, too," Quenneville said with a grin. "So I guess it\'s 50-50."', u'The Blackhawks used 24 saves from Corey Crawford to edge the Lightning 2-1 for a series-tying victory in Game 4 on Wednesday night. Jonathan Toews and Brandon Saad scored, and Chicago survived a big push by Tampa Bay in the final moments while improving 8-2 at home in the playoffs.', u'Slugging away at each other for 12 periods, the Blackhawks and Lightning have been tied or separated by one goal for the entire series. The first four games of the final have been decided by one goal for the first time since Montreal swept St. Louis in 1968.', u'"We could have won every game so far, and that\'s what you want to give yourself the chance to do," Lightning defenseman Anton Stralman said. "You don\'t want to come back into the dressing room and say \'Man, we let this one slip.\' We don\'t have that feeling right now. We played some good hockey. Sometimes you play well and you don\'t get the results you want."', u'Alex Killorn scored for Tampa Bay in Game 4, and Andrei Vasilevskiy made 17 saves while subbing for the banged-up Bishop. Captain Steven Stamkos had an assist for his first point since Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals against the New York Rangers.', u"Tampa Bay said Bishop is day to day with an undisclosed injury. He appeared to be dealing with some sort of groin or leg problem while making 36 saves in a gutsy performance in Tampa Bay's 3-2 victory on Monday night. Game 5 is Saturday in Florida and Game 6 is in Chicago on Monday.", u'"Bish is going to play again in this series, there\'s no question," Cooper said. "I just don\'t know which game."', u'Here are a couple more things to watch as the series shifts back to Florida:', u'KIMMO RETURNS: Veteran defenseman Kimmo Timonen played six minutes for the Blackhawks in his first appearance since Game 5 of the Western Conference finals against Anaheim. The 40-year-old Timonen, who was acquired in a February trade with Philadelphia, missed most of the season while recovering from blood clots in his leg and lungs.', u'Timonen, who plans to retire after the playoffs, hit the crossbar with a shot in the third period.', u'"I liked him. He\'s safe, simple, smart, hard in the puck area," Quenneville said. "He knows how to play in his own end. I like that predictability in his game. The crossbar in the end of the third, would have been a nice treat. We didn\'t mind his game."', u'SAFE IN GOAL: The Lightning have said all along that they feel comfortable with Vasilevskiy in net, and he showed why in his first start since March 31 in Toronto. He had 11 saves in the second period.', u'"I thought he was great," Cooper said. "And as I\'ve said, I\'ve said this during the series, it doesn\'t matter which guy we put in there, we\'ve got full confidence in both guys. He showed the pinnacle of the sport, that he can play. That\'s a pretty big achievement for a 20-year-old."', u'BIG BAD SAAD: Saad has scored in each of the last two games and has eight goals in the playoffs. The rugged winger, who is eligible for restricted free agency in the offseason, had seven career postseason goals coming into the year.', u"WATCHING THE STARS: It was Toews' first goal of the final. Patrick Kane assisted on Saad's goal for his first point of the series, but the dynamic winger is still looking for his first goal since Game 6 against the Ducks.", u"Stamkos, who had a couple of golden opportunities in the final minutes of Game 4, hasn't scored since Game 5 against the Rangers.", u'"It just seemed to be one of those nights where it just wasn\'t going in for us," he said. "No one said this was going to be easy."', u'___']), ([u"Kazmir Ends 9-Start Winless Streak as A's Beat Rangers 7-0"], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Scott Kazmir allowed one hit in eight innings to end a nine-start winless streak and lead the Oakland Athletics over the Texas Rangers 7-0 Thursday.', u"Kazmir (3-4) retired 13 of his first 14 batters around a second-inning walk by Adam Rosales and didn't allow a hit until Elvis Andrus' one-out single to center in the fifth.", u"Texas' only other runner was Prince Fielder, who walked leading off the seventh.", u'Kazmir struck out six and threw 105 pitches. Evan Scribner needed nine pitches in a perfect ninth that completed the one-hitter.', u'Kazmir defeated Texas and Houston in his first two starts of the season but had been 0-4 in nine outings since beating the Astros on April 13, although he had a 3.78 ERA in that stretch.', u'Oakland shortstop Marcus Semien, who leads the majors with 20 errors, snared a liner up the middle from Leonys Martin to end the second. Center fielder Billy Burns made a diving catch to rob Delino DeShields of a potential extra-base hit in the sixth.', u"Burns also made a leaping one-handed grab before crashing into the fence in center on Carlos Corporan's deep fly to end the eighth.", u'Chi Chi Gonzalez (2-1) gave up one run, eight hits and three walks in seven innings. He had entered with 14 2-3 scoreless innings in the major leagues and was trying to become the first Texas pitcher to win his first three big league starts.', u"Ben Zobrist hit an RBI single in the first. The A's broke open the game in a six-run eighth that included a pair of two-run homers, by Mark Canha off Jon Edwards and Josh Reddick against Ross Detwiler.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: Kyle Blanks (cyst) was activated from the disabled list before the game and batted cleanup for Texas. Blanks went 0-for-3 with two strikeouts. ... RHP Spencer Patton was optioned to Triple-A Round Rock to make room for Blanks. ... LHP Mike Kickham was released by Round Rock. ... Reliever Martin Perez pitched 2 2/3 innings in his first rehab assignment since  elbow surgery. The left-hander allowed one run and five hits with four strikeouts.', u'Athletics: 1B Ike Davis (strained left quadriceps) will begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville on Friday. ... 2B Eric Sogard (left wrist) was kept out of the starting lineup. ... RHP Edward Mujica (broken thumb) threw a bullpen session without setbacks and could begin a rehab assignment next week.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: LHP Wandy Rodriguez (3-2) faces Minnesota in Texas on Friday looking for his first win in four home starts.', u"Athletics: RHP Jesse Chavez (2-6) starts Friday in Anaheim against the Angels, a team he's beaten just once in four career starts."]), ([u"Down 2-1 to Cavs, Warriors Face 'Urgent' NBA Finals Game 4"], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  The Golden State Warriors haven't lost three straight games all season, and doing so now would force them to make the greatest comeback in NBA Finals history.", u"Teams with a 3-1 lead are 32-0 in the finals, according to information provided to the league by Elias. So the Warriors don't have to be reminded of the importance of Game 4 against Cleveland on Thursday night.", u'"I think we all know it\'s really urgent," guard Klay Thompson said. "No one wants to go down 3-1."', u'LeBron James has scored 40 or more in two of the three games while playing more than 47 minutes per game for an undermanned team. He appeared exhausted Wednesday, though that will be worth it if he can deliver the Cavaliers their first NBA title.', u'"You just try to give everything that you have to your teammates and live with the results," James said. "For me, I just try to put it all on the line to a point where win, lose or draw, you\'re satisfied with the outcome."', u'Here are things to watch in Game 4:', u"SHIFTING STRATEGY?: The Warriors haven't done much double-teaming of James, but coach Steve Kerr acknowledged they may have to change their tactics with the way he is scoring.", u'"As far as our coverage on LeBron, yeah, you have to evaluate everything," Kerr said. "You have to look at your options. You have to think about if you take something away, what you\'re giving up, that kind of stuff.', u'"We\'ve lost two games in a row in the series, so we have to look at everything. It may mean we change some things. It may not."', u"NEED FOR SPEED: Golden State is averaging just 11.7 fast-break points in the finals, after averaging more than 20 in every other playoff series. The Warriors' starters had none in Game 4, as Cleveland has played a deliberate pace on offense and gotten back quickly on transition defense.", u'"Yeah, if you look at it, our defense has pretty much done its job. It\'s just offensively for some reason we haven\'t, even when we get stops and rebounds, we haven\'t been successful getting a ton of fast-break points," Warriors forward David Lee said.', u'"We\'ve been in this same position down 2-1 at Memphis against a great veteran team in Memphis that attempted to do the same thing Cleveland is doing. That\'s slow the game down, grind it out, and play to their strengths. That\'s exactly what Cleveland\'s trying to do. I have faith that we\'re going to come out and play the right way tomorrow and then this series is right back to square one."', u"WHAT'S THE SECRET? James has a secret, and not even one of his best friends in the NBA could get him to make it public.", u"Besides wanting to win another championship, James said earlier in the series he had another motivation he wouldn't reveal. Not even to Dwyane Wade, who was working the Game 3 postgame show for ESPN and interviewed his former teammate.", u'"And he tried to get the secret motivation out of me, and I didn\'t give it to him either, even though I told him (privately)," James said. "But he won\'t tell you guys, though. He won\'t tell you all until hopefully after this is all over."', u"DELLY'S DUTIES: Matthew Dellavedova is expected to be ready to go after needing treatment for cramping and dehydration following Game 3. He played more than 38 minutes in that one and Cavaliers coach David Blatt said the team would keep an eye on him.", u'"But he\'ll be out there and we\'ll just monitor how he\'s doing," Blatt said. "I\'m not going to come in there with a specific minute restriction, but we\'ll definitely be conscious of it."', u"GREEN'S GUESS: Draymond Green, expected to play after getting treatment for back spasms, was asked what to expect from the Warriors at the start of Game 4.", u'"Just a more spirited team. More intensity," he said. "I\'m not saying that, hey, we\'re going to come out and make every shot. Who knows? Shots may fall, they may not. But I\'m willing to bet if our intensity level is higher, the shots go in."', u'___']), ([u'Puig Has Big Night, Kendrick Lifts Dodgers Over D-Backs 7-6'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Yasiel Puig homered among his four hits, Howie Kendrick singled home the winning run in the bottom of the ninth inning and the Los Angeles Dodgers beat Arizona 7-6 Wednesday night for their seventh consecutive victory over the Diamondbacks.', u"Daniel Hudson (1-2) issued consecutive one-out walks to Puig and Adrian Gonzalez before Kendrick's bloop single to right field gave the Dodgers a three-game sweep.", u'Puig hit a three-run homer in the second, and his four hits tied a career high. He finished a triple short of the cycle.', u'Yasmani Grandal had a solo homer for the Dodgers, who have defeated the Diamondbacks nine straight times at home. The latest win gave Los Angeles three consecutive home series sweeps over Arizona dating to last year.', u"Dodgers closer Kenley Jansen (1-0) blew a save chance for the first time this season, giving up A.J. Pollock's career high-tying eighth homer leading off the ninth.", u"Los Angeles' four-run lead got cut to 5-4 on consecutive homers by Paul Goldschmidt, whose two-run shot was his 100th career homer, and Yasmany Tomas in the fifth off starter Brett Anderson.", u"Kike Hernandez's sacrifice fly extended the Dodgers' lead to 6-4 in the sixth. Chris Owings hit a sacrifice fly for Arizona in the seventh.", u'Puig homered in the second on the first pitch from starter Jeremy Hellickson, giving the Dodgers a 4-1 lead.', u"Grandal hit a high-arcing homer in the third that a fan in the front row of the right-field pavilion caught one-handed, extending the Dodgers' lead to 5-1.", u'The Dodgers backed Anderson with some solid defensive plays. Rookie center fielder Joc Pederson got his glove over the wall to rob Tomas of a homer with two runners on in the third. Third baseman Alberto Callaspo backhanded a liner for the final out of the fourth.', u'The Diamondbacks had the potential tying and go-ahead runs at second and third in the sixth after Nick Ahmed singled, stole second and went to third on a passed ball by Juan Nicasio, who walked pinch-hitter David Peralta before leaving with a cracked nail on his middle finger.', u"Andre Ethier caught Ender Inciarte's fly to left field for the inning's second out, but after making a poor throw to home plate he was promptly removed for Hernandez. Yimi Garcia escaped the inning when Pollock struck out swinging.", u'Anderson allowed four runs and eight hits in five innings, struck out three and walked one.', u'Hellickson gave up five runs and six hits in 3 2-3 innings, struck out four and walked two.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Dodgers: 3B Justin Turner didn't play for the second straight game after fouling a pitch off his left kneecap in the series opener Monday. He was doing better Wednesday, and he will get more rest on the off day Thursday. ... The goal for LF Scott Van Slyke, who hasn't played since May 30 because of a back injury, is to become pain-free in order to begin a minor league rehab assignment.", u'UP NEXT', u'Diamondbacks: Chase Anderson (1-1, 3.12 ERA) starts the series opener Friday at San Francisco after an off day Thursday. He has allowed one run or less in five of his last seven starts. He has never faced the Giants.', u"Dodgers: Clayton Kershaw (5-3, 3.36) starts the series opener Friday at San Diego after the team's only off day of the month on Thursday. In his last outing against St. Louis, the left-hander allowed one hit in eight scoreless innings to earn his third straight win."]), ([u'Baseball, Softball Apply for Tokyo 2020 Games Inclusion'], [u'BAKU \u2014  Baseball and softball officially applied for inclusion in the Tokyo 2020 Olympics on Thursday as they look to earn back their spot in the Games they lost after 2008.', u'The two sports, united under the World Baseball Softball Confederation (WBSC) to boost their chances of an Olympic return, are seen as strong contenders for a place on the Tokyo Games program with Japan one of the countries where the sports enjoying a massive following.', u'As part of the reforms initiated by the International Olympic Committee last year Games hosts have the chance to bring in one or more sports popular in their country to boost ratings and attract greater sponsorship while also ensuring capacity crowds.', u'Baseball and softball last featured at the Games in Beijing in 2008 before being taken off the program.', u'A special Tokyo 2020 panel will evaluate the proposals submitted and will announce a shortlist of sports on June 22, the WBSC said.', u'"Adding baseball and softball -- a major global team sport and highly popular in Japan -- can help further position the Olympic Games as the center of the sporting and cultural universe," WBSC President Riccardo Fraccari said in a statement.', u'In January, billiards and snooker launched a surprise move to take part in the Tokyo Games while karate is also thought to be a strong contender for inclusion.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Crawford Steals Spotlight as Blackhawks Beat Lightning 2-1'], [u'(Reuters) - Chicago netminder Corey Crawford stood tall and Brandon Saad scored the winner as the Blackhawks beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1 to square the Stanley Cup final at two games each on Wednesday.', u"Crawford was strong early and even stronger in the game's closing minutes, stopping a flurry of shots including two point-blank rips from Steven Stamkos with an extra skater on the ice for Tampa Bay.", u'Chicago were outshot 25-19 in the home game.', u'Russian rookie Andrei Vasilevskiy was the surprise starter in the other net, filling in for Ben Bishop, who left Game Two early and was visibly impeded by injury in Game Three.', u'The two teams were deadlocked through the first as Tampa Bay came out hard, testing Crawford with nine shots against just two for Chicago.', u'"For whatever, reason we were stuck in the mud again but Crow came up with an unbelievable game and gave us a chance to win," Chicago center Brad Richards told reporters.', u'Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews, who along with Patrick Kane has been uncharacteristically quiet during the series, opened the scoring at 6:40 of the second when he tipped in a pass from Patrick Sharp.', u"Tampa Bay's Alex Killorn tied it at 11:47 of the same period, before Saad made it 2-1 for Chicago at 6:22 of the third, backhanding in his own rebound on Kane's assist.", u'Crawford took it from there.', u'"I had some quality looks at the end, I just couldn\'t find a way to put one in," Lightning captain Steven Stamkos told reporters.', u'"We\'re still feeling confident in our group. That game could have gone either way."', u'The series now becomes a best-of-three contest as it shifts back to Tampa Bay for Game Five on Saturday. Each game of the series has been a one-goal affair, and no team has held more than a one-goal lead at any time.', u'(Writing by Cameron French, Editing by Greg Stutchbury/Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Pollution Not an Issue as New Zealand Seek Olympic Gold in Rio'], [u"WELLINGTON \u2014  Concerns that severe water pollution may have caused the death of thousands of fish at the rowing venue for next year's Rio Olympics is not an issue for the head of Rowing New Zealand's team. Yet.", u'More than 32 tonnes of fish were cleared from the Lagoa Rodrigo de Freitas in April and while some contend they were killed by a drop in water temperature, others suggest it was the pollution that proved fatal.', u'"We have been there a few times and yeah, it\'s not clean water," high performance manager Alan Cotter said before the New Zealand team departed on Friday for a trip to Europe, which culminates in the world championships in France.', u'"You wouldn\'t go swimming in it, but FISA, the governing body, are all over it.', u'"If they had any concerns they would let us know. They\'re making sure that it\'s safe for all our athletes."', u"Cotter said the big issue with any possible pollution at the venue during the Olympics would be ensuring that even the most innocuous cut or scratch was treated by the team's medical staff to lessen the risk of infection.", u"Despite the concerns over the pollution, Cotter's preparations for Rio were well advanced with the team's 'day house' already established about two kilometres from the venue.", u"A day house was used at the Eton Dorney venue for the London Games, where New Zealand won three gold and two bronze medals, to give the rowers a chance to rest between training and races instead of going back to the athletes' village.", u'Two chefs will also be flown to Rio for the Games to provide the team with their own food.', u'"The set-up we had in London we are trying to replicate in Rio," he added. "We\'re trying to make it like New Zealand."', u"The logistics of getting the team from the athletes' village to the venue and day house will also be tested in August, when Rio hosts the junior world championships.", u'The senior team will also send 11 athletes and three coaches to Rio after their own world championships, which are from Aug. 30-Sept. 6 in Aiguebelette, to ensure the planning is on track.', u'Despite all the planning and monitoring of concerns over pollution, however, Cotter said what mattered most was how the athletes performed when they needed to from Aug. 6-14 next year.', u'"In reality a course is a course. There\'s a start line and finish line," he said.', u'"And it\'s still 2,000 metres long."', u'(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Groth Upsets L\xf3pez'], [u'Sam Groth upset third-seeded Feliciano L\xf3pez, 3-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (6), in the second round of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany. Groth will face eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki, who beat Alexander Zverev, 6-3, 6-7 (6), 6-3.']), ([u'Fred Anton Maier, 76, Speedskating Champion and Record Setter, Dies'], [u'Fred Anton Maier, one of Norway\u2019s finest athletes in one of its signature sports, who set several world records in speedskating and won Olympic gold at 5,000 meters in Grenoble, France, in 1968, died on Tuesday at his home in southern Norway. He was 76.', u'The Norwegian Skating Association announced the death without stating a cause. The Norwegian newspaper VG reported that the cause was cancer.', u'A specialist in the longer-distance races that require sustained power, Maier set the world record \u2014 7 minutes 28.1 seconds \u2014 for the 5,000-meter event in 1965, lost it to Kees Verkerk of the Netherlands in 1967, then gained it back in January 1968.', u'In speedskating, competitors race two at a time against the clock, and at the Grenoble Olympics, just a few weeks after regaining the record, Maier lost it briefly when Verkerk, skating in an early pair, eclipsed him. But in an especially dramatic performance, knowing he needed a world record-setting performance to win the gold, Maier kept to Verkerk\u2019s pace for the first 1,500 meters, then pushed himself harder, finishing in 7:22.4, eight-tenths of a second faster than Verkerk.', u'Less than a month later, at Inzell, Germany, Maier lowered the world standard again, to 7:16.7. (Verkerk took the record back the following year; the current world mark, set in 2007 \u2014 by then, skaters\u2019 official times were measured to the hundredth of a second \u2014 by the Dutch skater Sven Kramer, is 6:03.32.)', u'At 10,000 meters, Maier set the record in 1966 and reset it three times over the next two years, slicing nearly 12 seconds from his own mark, to 15.20.3. (Kramer holds the current mark, also set in 2007, at 12:41.69.)', u'But as the favorite in the Grenoble Olympics, Maier was disappointed. Skating in the first pair, he demolished the Olympic record by 26 seconds, though he was more than three seconds behind the standard he had set less than a month earlier. Verkerk, skating later, failed to match him, and the gold seemed all but assured \u2014 until an unheralded competitor, Johnny Hoglin of Sweden, skated the race of his life to win what ', u' calls \u201cone of the most surprising gold medals the sport has known.\u201d', u'Maier settled for the silver medal. He won four Olympic medals all told, having captured a bronze at 5,000 meters and a silver at 10,000 at the 1964 Innsbruck Games.', u'Maier, who was also a competitive cyclist and twice won bronze medals in the Norwegian championships, was born on Dec. 15, 1938, in Notteroy, south of Oslo. His father was a farmer. Information about survivors was not available.', u'\u201cNorway has lost a great skater and a great man,\u201d Rune Gerhardsen, president of the skating association, said in a statement.']), ([u'Chicago Blackhawks Show Their Mettle in Tying Stanley Cup Finals'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014 The shots kept ringing off the post and the crossbar for the ', u' \u2014 one, two, three, as the groans from the crowd at United Center grew ever louder, ever more insistent. Those clangs echoed in the second period and the third period until the puck sneaked into the net.', u'The shots kept sailing wide of the post for the ', u' \u2014 one, two, three, as the cheers from the crowd grew ever louder, ever more insistent. Those misfires in a chaotic final three minutes tormented Tampa Bay as the clock struck zero.', u'The final score Wednesday was Blackhawks 2, Lightning 1, victory secured by a third-period goal from Brandon Saad, and the result validated the wisdom that had been spouting for days from each team\u2019s locker room \u2014 that these Stanley Cup finals were as tight as a subway car in morning rush hour.', u'Four games, two to each team, all decided by one goal. The difference between euphoria and despair is thinner than a microphone stand.', u'The perspective from Chicago, as expressed by center Brad Richards: \u201cThat was probably our worst game in a while, for whatever reason. We really wanted it, but we just kept getting in each other\u2019s way.\u201d', u'And from Tampa Bay, as articulated by defenseman Anton Stralman: \u201cWe\u2019re playing some good hockey. Sometimes you play well and you don\u2019t get the results you want, but that\u2019s O.K. That\u2019s hockey.\u201d', u'Hockey, for the Blackhawks, is elevating their play by force of will when trailing in the postseason. In 19 playoff series under Coach Joel Quenneville, Chicago has trailed by two games to one nine times, most recently in the Western Conference finals against the Anaheim Ducks. Whenever the Blackhawks won Game 4 \u2014 five times before Wednesday \u2014 they also won the series.', u'Hockey, for the Lightning, is learning about seven hours before face-off that their regular goalie, Ben Bishop, who buoyed them to victory in Game 3, was too hurt to dress two nights later. Whatever injury precipitated his exit in Game 2, and limited his mobility on Monday night, created an opportunity for Andrei Vasilevskiy, who, at 20 years old, became the youngest goalie to start in the finals since Patrick Roy for Montreal in 1986, according to the Elias Sports Bureau.', u'Vasilevskiy received a scouting report on Chicago\u2019s shooters from Bishop, suppressed some nerves and made 17 saves. Bishop may or may not start Game 5 on Saturday night in Tampa, Fla., but Coach Jon Cooper said he would play again this series.', u'\u201cI can play better for sure,\u201d Vasilevskiy said, \u201cbut for the first time, not bad.\u201d', u'Perhaps his stomach churned as he watched, but Cooper, who raved about Vasilevskiy afterward, was beyond confident. Vasilevskiy\u2019s credentials \u2014 three world junior championship appearances, a world title in 2014, the highest draft selection ever for a Russian goalie (No. 19 in 2012) \u2014 validated his ascension.', u'What convinced Cooper, though, was Vasilevskiy\u2019s performance in his second career game, on the road against the Islanders in December. Vasilevskiy lost, but stopped 45 of 47 shots while emanating what Cooper called \u201can unreal calm\u201d in a rowdy arena.', u'It was far louder Wednesday night, the crowd practically howling, as Vasilevskiy reached the crease and assumed his crouch. There he stayed, as chances for Tampa Bay flowed like lava \u2014 Steven Stamkos, Ryan Callahan, Nikita Kucherov, all within the first 100 seconds.', u'As the Lightning forced turnovers and controlled possession, Vasilevskiy waited for shots that never came. He did not touch the puck until more than seven minutes in. He did not face his first shot until 8 minutes 18 seconds in, parrying a Patrick Sharp slapper.', u'Chicago managed two shots the entire period, tying a season low, and then rattled the post early in the second. In the latter instance, the Blackhawks were able to linger in the Tampa Bay zone, and Sharp \u2014 who seconds earlier had struck iron on a breakaway \u2014 corralled a rebound and flicked a pass across the crease to Jonathan Toews. He whacked the puck sideways, into the path of Vasilevskiy\u2019s skate, which kicked it into the net at the 6:40 mark.', u'Toews was not about to quibble with the greasiness of the goal, not after failing to score in the first 13 periods of this series. The Blackhawks were ahead, and that unto itself was an achievement. Across the first three games, they led for only 6:19.', u'They have bemoaned the playoff-long trend of allowing goals soon after scoring them, and it took all of 5:07 for the Lightning to equalize. With Corey Crawford expecting him to circle around the cage, Valtteri Filppula instead whipped the puck behind him \u2014 evading the three Blackhawks nearby \u2014 to Alex Killorn, who, positioned in front of the crease, roofed it into the gaping net. Crawford, superb in making in 24 saves, did not see the puck until it was behind him.', u'The events of Game 3, in which the Blackhawks led for all of 13 seconds, produced warring emotions within their dressing room. Even as calmness prevailed, suiting a team impervious to fretting about playoff deficits, there was also a trace of regret \u2014 that, despite peppering Bishop with 38 shots, they did not challenge him enough.', u'\u201cWe made it relatively easy on him,\u201d Quenneville said.', u'And they made it relatively easy on Vasilevskiy in the first period, but then the Blackhawks buzzed. Two off the post in the second, another off the crossbar in the third, and out of play, which led to a face-off in the Tampa Bay zone. Off the draw, Saad grabbed a loose puck and zipped in front of the net. Avoiding a poke check, he backhanded the puck through Vasilevskiy\u2019s legs with 13:38 left.', u'\u201cI think he feels like he skates faster with the puck on his stick,\u201d Sharp said. \u201cHe\u2019s got that long, lanky stride, but it\u2019s so powerful. He\u2019s a tough guy to knock off the puck.\u201d', u'The fans roared and the arena rumbled, then as at the end, when Stamkos missed an open net, Brent Seabrook deflecting his shot just wide. There would be no overtime on Wednesday, just a Chicago victory by the slimmest of margins, the series tied, as well it should be.']), ([u'Robbie Keane\u2019s Deal With Galaxy Is Extended'], [u'The Irish forward Robbie Keane has extended his contract with the ', u'. The Galaxy, the defending M.L.S. champions, refused to reveal the length or terms of Keane\u2019s extension.', u'\u25a0 Rubio Rubin scored early in the second half, Zack Steffen saved an 81st-minute penalty kick, and the United States beat Colombia, 1-0, in Wellington, New Zealand, to reach the Under-20 World Cup quarterfinals for the first time since 2007.']), ([u'Diversity Report Is Released'], [u'The number of jobs held by women and members of minority groups in sports departments at newspapers and websites remains low, according to a study by the University of Central Florida\u2019s Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sports. The report once again gave the more than 100 outlets that belong to the Associated Press Sports Editors group a C-plus grade for the racial diversity of their hiring and their fourth straight failing grade for gender diversity.', u'Last year, 91.5 percent of sports editors, 90.2 percent of assistant sports editors, 83.5 percent of columnists, 85 percent of reporters and 83.3 percent of copy editors or designers were white. Also, 90.1 percent of sports editors were men.']), ([u'Bob Baffert Weighs Options With American Pharoah'], [u'It appears the early leaders in the sweepstakes to have the ', u' winner American Pharoah appear at their racetracks are Monmouth Park in New Jersey and Saratoga in upstate New York.', u'The trainer Bob Baffert on Wednesday singled out the $1 million Haskell Invitational on Aug. 2 at Monmouth and the $600,000 Jim Dandy Stakes at Saratoga on Aug. 1 as the likeliest options for the colt\u2019s next race. But Baffert emphasized he has not yet made a decision.']), ([u'Kellen Winslow Jr.\xa0and\xa0Antonio Cromartie Feud on Twitter'], [u'The former Jet Kellen Winslow Jr. and the current Jet Antonio Cromartie engaged in a Twitter squabble Wednesday. Winslow took exception when Cromartie, a cornerback, put his teammate Dee Milliner on the spot during an interview Tuesday when he took a microphone and asked if Milliner thought he was \u201con the roster bubble.\u201d', u'Milliner answered the question posed by Cromartie, who recently took part in the N.F.L.\u2019s four-day broadcasting boot camp and was half-jokingly repeating speculation by some fans and members of the news media. Milliner, the No. 9 overall draft pick in 2013, does not appear to be in jeopardy of losing his job. He will likely back up Cromartie and Darrelle Revis this season.', u'Winslow, who played with ', u' in 2013, blasted Cromartie in a series of tweets Wednesday, calling him \u201cone of the biggest posers I have ever seen.\u201d Cromartie apparently got wind of the tweets and threw a Twitter jab at Winslow. \u201cYou wish you were as good as your dad,\u201d Cromartie wrote, referring to the Hall of Famer Kellen Winslow.']), ([u'Wednesday at the Women\u2019s World Cup'], [u'Wednesday was the first of two rest days in the first round.', u'GERMANY returns to the field Thursday, but don\u2019t expect it to score 10 goals again when it meets NORWAY, even if striker C\xe9lia Sasic is a hat trick waiting to happen every time she plays. In Group B\u2019s other game, IVORY COAST meets THAILAND in a matchup that could produce either a defense-free 8-7 shootout or a dreary scoreless draw in which neither team takes a shot on goal. Hope for the former.', u'In Group A, CANADA will look to get past its opening-day jitters when it plays NEW ZEALAND in Edmonton, Alberta. The better game at Commonwealth Stadium could be CHINA against the NETHERLANDS.', u'\u201cOh, for sure.\u201d', u'JILL ELLIS, the United States\u2019 coach, on whether ', u', who played 90 minutes in a win over Australia on Monday, could repeat the feat against Sweden on Friday.']), ([u'Blue Jays Surge to 8th Straight Win'], [u'Justin Smoak hit one of four ', u' home runs, Scott Copeland won in his first major league start, and Toronto beat the visiting ', u', 7-2, on Wednesday to extend its winning streak to eight games.', u'Josh Donaldson, Russell Martin and Jose Reyes also connected for the Blue Jays (31-30), who moved above .500 for the first time since May 19 (16-15).', u'Toronto is on its longest winning run since a nine-game streak from May 20 to 28 last year.', u'Copeland, a 27-year-old right-hander who made his big league debut in relief on May 2, started in place of Aaron Sanchez, who was skipped because of general soreness.', u'Copeland allowed one run and six hits in seven innings, struck out four and walked none.', u' Ivan De Jesus Jr. homered for the second time in three games, and host Cincinnati swept Philadelphia after losing shortstop Zack Cozart to a knee injury. Cozart twisted his right ankle and knee as he tried to beat out a grounder in the first inning.', u'Jon Moscot got his first win in his second major league start. He gave up two runs and six hits in six innings.', u' Carlos Martinez pitched efficiently into the seventh inning for a fifth straight start, and Randal Grichuk hit a solo homer, helping St. Louis avoid a series sweep at Colorado.', u'Martinez had a shutout until Ben Paulsen\u2019s two-run homer in the seventh. He gave up eight hits in six and a third innings and tied a career high with two singles at the plate.', u' Adam Jones drove in a run and played exceptional defense behind the left-hander Wei-Yin Chen, who earned his second win of the season for host Baltimore.', u'J. J. Hardy had two R.B.I. for the Orioles.', u'Jones, a four-time Gold Glove winner, threw out a runner from center field and made two fine catches. He also put Baltimore up by 3-1 in the third with a run-scoring single.', u'Chen allowed two runs and seven hits in five-plus innings.', u' Charlie Morton scattered three hits in seven and a third innings to remain unbeaten in his return from hip surgery as Pittsburgh beat visiting Milwaukee.', u'Morton struck out six and walked three to win his fourth straight start since coming off the disabled list last month. He did not allow a hit until Aramis Ramirez led off the fifth with a single up the middle.', u' The rookie Williams Perez allowed four hits in seven innings, Kelly Johnson returned from the disabled list with three hits, and host Atlanta beat San Diego.', u'Johnson had an R.B.I. single in the second inning in his return after missing 24 games with a strained right oblique. Cameron Maybin drove in a run with two of Atlanta\u2019s 14 hits.', u' Evan Longoria homered for host Tampa Bay, and starter Erasmo Ramirez got help from four relievers .', u'Longoria, who started at third base after being out of the lineup the past three games because of a sore left wrist, put the Rays up by 3-2 with a solo homer in the third off Jered Weaver.', u' Chris Coghlan and Miguel Montero each hit a three-run homer as visiting Chicago pounded Detroit.', u'Jake Arrieta shut out the Tigers until Yoenis Cespedes hit a three-run shot of his own in the sixth. The Cubs led by 6-0 before that, and Chicago added six more runs in the seventh.', u' Kyle Seager, batting cleanup in place of the ailing Nelson Cruz, hit a grand slam and drove in five runs to lead Seattle past host Cleveland.']), ([u'N.B.A Finals: Cleveland Cavaliers Tired? They Should See the Other Guys'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  James Jones, the other player on the ', u' who has made five straight trips to the N.B.A. finals, contemplated the value of experience.', u'\u201cWe try not to look at our finals experience as an advantage,\u201d he said. \u201cWe just look at it as an opportunity to view the game from a different perspective.\u201d', u'The view looked pleasant for the Cavaliers ahead of Game 4, set for Thursday night at Quicken Loans Arena. With a two-games-to-one lead against the Golden State Warriors, the Cavaliers sounded confident Wednesday even if they looked a tad haggard, as another ', u' postseason production began to close in on history.', u'\u201cYou guys can see I\u2019m not getting much sleep right now, but I\u2019m O.K. with that,\u201d James said. \u201cI\u2019m O.K. with not sleeping to be able to prepare myself and mentally keep myself intact on what\u2019s the main objective for me right now, and that\u2019s to make sure that my guys are laser sharp.\u201d', u'James, of course, has been in this position before, and it would be impossible for him to look more at ease on this grand stage, especially after he carried the Cavaliers to a 96-91 victory in Game 3 on Tuesday night. He stands two wins from his third title. It would be the Cavaliers\u2019 first, and an entire city is on edge.', u'For the Warriors, the loss was another harsh lesson about the rigors of a championship chase. Bereft of any players with finals experience, the Warriors spent 36 minutes looking completely out of sorts before Stephen Curry nearly engineered a comeback in the fourth quarter.', u'\u201cVery urgent,\u201d the Warriors\u2019 Klay Thompson said when asked about the team\u2019s mentality. \u201cNo one wants to be down 3-1.\u201d', u'The series has featured just about everything one could want or expect from the finals \u2014 everything, that is, except for pristine offense. But the fact that points are not coming easily has only enhanced the importance of each possession, and the Cavaliers are squeezing each second from their trips up the court.', u'The Warriors want to run. The Cavaliers are effectively slowing things down by funneling all of their sets through James, who has commandeered the finals spotlight. J. R. Smith noted that the Cavaliers had a group of players who understood their roles within their LeBron-centric universe.', u'\u201cThey don\u2019t go outside of their boundaries,\u201d Smith said.', u'It sounded bizarre coming from an unpredictable player who had not exactly made his living by coloring inside the lines. But James, through the force of his personality and his reputation, has been a calming influence on Smith and others. Smith still shoots with something that approximates abandon, but he is not quite as reckless, at least not anymore.', u'It is worth emphasizing that this is James\u2019s fifth consecutive trip to the finals, and he has turned this series into his personal playground. Operating without Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love, both sidelined with season-ending injuries, James is keenly aware of his remaining teammates\u2019 offensive limitations. Through three games, he has tried 107 shots, scored 123 points and collected 25 assists.', u'Yet James has also worked to infuse less heralded teammates with confidence.', u'Look no further than Matthew Dellavedova, who has stepped in for Irving and played with relentless energy. He had 20 points in Game 3, threw his body all over the court and then left the arena in an ambulance because of dehydration. Dellavedova said he would be ready for Game 4.', u'\u201cRight now, it\u2019s just getting as much fluids in as you can, just trying to eat a lot,\u201d he said Wednesday.', u'James has constantly praised Dellavedova, and deservedly so, describing his defense as \u201cspectacular\u201d after Game 2 and then saying he was made of steel after Game 3. On Wednesday, an intrepid member of the news media asked James if Australia ought to consider knighting Dellavedova.', u'\u201cWhatever that guy wants or needs, I\u2019m all for it,\u201d James said.', u'The Cavaliers have not played perfect basketball \u2014 far from it. They are shooting 39.6 percent from the field in the finals.', u'\u201cWe make plenty of mistakes, like any other team,\u201d the Cavaliers\u2019 Iman Shumpert said. \u201cBut we refuse to let anyone play harder.\u201d', u'At least one opposing player agreed with that assessment. Draymond Green, who has shot 26.7 percent for the Warriors and was laboring with back spasms after Game 3, said the Cavaliers were simply approaching each game with more energy.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s more to it than strategy,\u201d Green said. \u201cIt\u2019s effort.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cI\u2019m not sure why, but it\u2019s definitely the case. They\u2019re playing like a team desperate and needs something. We\u2019re playing like a team not desperate and got something.\u201d', u'The Warriors found more of a rhythm in the fourth quarter after Coach Steve Kerr summoned David Lee from the recesses of his bench. Lee set a series of screens for Curry at the top of the key, and Curry was able to find some daylight once Lee, a reliable scorer, rolled to the basket, dragging his defender with him.', u'The entire dynamic of the series can change again in Game 4. The Warriors have not played particularly well, yet they have been in every game, with opportunities to win. They also cited their ability to overcome adversity, pointing to the Western Conference semifinals, when the Memphis Grizzlies used their slowdown tempo (much as the Cavaliers have done) to seize a two-games-to-one lead. The Warriors reeled off three straight wins to advance.', u'\u201cObviously, the personnel is different, and the teams are different,\u201d Kerr said. \u201cBut it\u2019s something we\u2019ve been through, and that\u2019s a positive that we can draw on.\u201d', u'James, meanwhile, seems intent on making the boldest statement of his career. A championship with this sort of injury-ravaged roster would be highly unusual if not unprecedented.', u'After Game 3, James stayed up late. He watched \u201cChopped\u201d on the Food Network, he said, and then an episode of \u201cTeen Titans,\u201d an animated series about young superheroes. Feel free to draw your own conclusions.', u'\u201cI know our team is fighting for our lives,\u201d James said. \u201cWe\u2019re undermanned. We\u2019re undermatched, and we\u2019re fighting. That\u2019s all I know.\u201d']), ([u'Stars on Their Teams, and Maybe in the Cup'], [u'Hope Solo, Abby Wambach, Alex Morgan and Megan Rapinoe have been impressing followers of American soccer for years. Christine Sinclair has received lots of attention as the star of host Canada, and the heroics of Marta of Brazil and Homare Sawa of Japan from past World Cups are well remembered.', u'But once you get past the faces on magazine covers and the world players of the year, there are plenty of other stars who have the potential to be game changers at the Women\u2019s World Cup. Here are a few to follow as the tournament continues.', u'Just 20, Oshoala was the top scorer and most valuable player at the Under-20 World Cup last August as her team took Germany to extra time before losing, 1-0, in the final. A striker, she was also last year\u2019s African women\u2019s player of the year. Now playing for Liverpool in England, Oshoala is already making waves in the World Cup, with a goal in Nigeria\u2019s lively 3-3 tie with Sweden on Monday.', u'She could test Solo and the United States defense when Nigeria plays the Americans in their final group game Tuesday.', u'Not much was expected of Cameroon, but it drew a favorable group and took advantage with a 6-0 pasting of Ecuador on Monday. Enganamouit had a hat trick. A 23-year-old striker, she has been mostly off the radar in her career, playing club soccer in Cameroon, Serbia and now for unheralded Eskilstuna United of Sweden.', u'\u201cOne day I will be the Samuel Eto\u2019o of women\u2019s football,\u201d ', u'.', u'Though Spain is not a likely winner of the World Cup, nearly every list of top players at the tournament mentions its creative playmaker, Boquete. The player of the year in the old Women\u2019s Professional Soccer league in 2011 with the now-defunct Philadelphia Independence, she recently won the Champions League with FFC Frankfurt. As is often the pattern in the German men\u2019s league, mighty Bayern Munich promptly swept in and signed her for next season.', u'Germany has a lot of weapons, but Sasic is the one whom opponents fear the most. A teammate of Boquete\u2019s at Frankfurt, Sasic scored 14 goals in the Champions League this season, more than double her nearest rival. The Ivory Coast did not offer much competition in Germany\u2019s opener, but Sasic starred in the 10-0 rout, scoring the fastest-ever women\u2019s World Cup hat trick before sitting out the second half.', u'Frequently compared to her fellow Swede Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Schelin has an uncanny knack for finding the net. She scores at a rate of more than a goal a game for the top French club Lyon, where she has played since 2009. Sweden is a well-balanced team of veterans. Despite the disappointment of a draw with Nigeria and tough matches against the United States and Australia ahead, Schelin \u2014 along with Caroline Seger and Nilla Fischer \u2014 could help the team overachieve.', u'Just 18, Miedema is the standout on a Dutch team making its Women\u2019s World Cup debut. Another player recently snapped up by deep-pocketed Bayern Munich, Miedema has been playing senior club soccer since she was 15.', u'The Dutch made their way into the Cup by beating Italy in a playoff, 3-2, over two legs. Miedema scored all three goals. Miedema is also often compared to a male countryman, in her case Arjen Robben. \u201cIt\u2019s really cool to be compared to him but, as a woman, it\u2019s a bit strange to always be compared to a man,\u201d ', u'. \u201cI\u2019m Vivianne Miedema and I don\u2019t play like men do.\u201d']), ([u'Nike Will Replace Adidas as N.B.A.\u2019s Official On-Court Apparel Provider'], [u'Nike will replace Adidas, the ', u'\u2019s official provider of on-court apparel, in the 2017-18 season with an eight-year deal that will allow it to manufacture authentic and replica jerseys for retail markets.', u'The agreement, which was announced Wednesday, is worth about $1 billion, more than double the value of Adidas\u2019s deal, according to an executive briefed on the details of the contact who was not authorized to speak publicly. Adidas\u2019 deal was originally for $400 million over 11 years, but was amended over the years to be worth more.', u'The league said the deal will let Nike put its logo on uniforms \u2014 a first for its official apparel maker \u2014 but that it will not count as uniform advertising. The league has plans, but no timetable, for putting ads on uniforms. Commissioner Adam Silver has said that uniform advertising is inevitable.', u'In a statement, Silver said that Nike \u201cwill be instrumental in our collective efforts to grow the game globally while applying the latest in technology to the design of our uniforms and on-court products.\u201d', u'Mark Parker, the president of Nike, said its offerings \u2014 under the Nike, Jordan and Converse names \u2014 are among the \u201cmost connected in the world.\u201d', u'Under its contract, Nike will be able to sell T-shirts, shorts, headwear, sweatshirts and socks, and authentic and Swingman replica jerseys.', u'Ira Mayer \u2014 a consultant \xa0to various businesses in the licensing industry and the former owner of ', u', a trade journal \u2014 estimated that the deal probably would bring Nike about $1.5 billion annually in retail sales.', u'\u201cNike\u2019s a global company and the N.B.A. has probably been the most aggressive of all the leagues in terms of going international,\u201d he said. \u201cSo it\u2019s a great fit.\u201d', u'Nike\u2019s relationship with the league dates to 1992, when it became a global marketing partner; five years later, it became a marketing partner to the W.N.B.A.', u' that it would not renew its deal with the league. \u201cWe are reimagining and reshaping our business and have evolved our strategy to look at new, cutting-edge ways to drive our brand and support our business over the long-term,\u201d the company said.']), ([u'City Council in Arizona Votes to End Coyotes\u2019 Arena Lease'], [u'The Arizona Coyotes\u2019 stormy relationship with the city of Glendale took a downward turn\xa0Wednesday\xa0when the City Council voted to terminate its lease agreement with the team at Gila River Arena.', u'In 2013, the city agreed to pay IceArizona, the team\u2019s ownership group, $15 million a year for 15 years to run the building in return for a share of the naming rights and other revenue.', u'The deal was meant to help keep the troubled franchise in Glendale while giving the new Coyotes owners a chance to improve the team\u2019s finances.', u'But the mayor and some council members opposed the agreement before it was signed, and new council members have since been elected. The city has not released the results of an annual audit of the arena for the 2013-14 fiscal year. The Arizona Republic reported that the city\u2019s assistant auditor resigned in April because\xa0', u'.', u'The council voted, 4-3,\xa0on Wednesday\xa0to end the agreement, according to The Associated Press. The council members who favored dissolving the deal cited a state statute that allows an agency to cancel a contract if an employee directly involved with the agreement becomes an employee or agent to the other party. At issue was the Coyotes\u2019 hiring of the former city attorney, Craig Tindall, as general counsel in 2013, the A.P. said.', u'Before the meeting,\xa0', u'\xa0that \u201cdiscussions and negotiations regarding the contract have been ongoing for months\u201d and that the city would consider amending the deal if it \u201cprovides certainty and fairness to both parties, especially the taxpayers.\u201d', u'\xa0that the meeting was a \u201cblatant attempt to renege on a valid contract that was negotiated fairly and in good faith.\u201d An owner of the Coyotes, Anthony LeBlanc, called the meeting \u201ccompletely ludicrous.\u201d', u'After the council voted to dissolve the deal,\xa0LeBlanc, the team\u2019s chief executive and president, said the city had violated its obligations under the agreement.', u'\u201cWe will exhaust any and all legal remedies against the city of Glendale for this blatant violation of its contractual obligations to us,\u201d he said.', u'The N.H.L. said before the meeting that it was \u201cextremely disappointing that the city of Glendale would do anything that might damage the club.\u201d The league said it expected the Coyotes to continue playing at Gila River Arena.', u'The fight over the arena is the latest chapter in the Coyotes\u2019 tumultuous time in Arizona. The Coyotes moved to Arizona from Winnipeg, Manitoba, in 1996. The team played in downtown Phoenix for several years at what was then called the America West Arena. But the arena was designed primarily for basketball, leaving many seats with obstructed views for hockey. The team moved to Glendale, about 20 miles away, for the 2003-4 season.', u'In 2009, Jerry Moyes, then the owner of the team, put the franchise into bankruptcy. The league took over the team for several years before finding new owners.', u'The Coyotes drew an average of 13,345 fans a game this season, 3.1 percent less than in the previous season and the third-lowest mark in the N.H.L.', u'Despite the turmoil, Commissioner Gary Bettman said last week that the Coyotes, who have not qualified for the playoffs the past three seasons, were in no danger of leaving Arizona.\xa0']), ([u'For Its Championship Event, the L.P.G.A. Decides to Go Big '], [u'At last year\u2019s United States Women\u2019s Open, Stacy Lewis looked around at the amenities and began to wonder, Why don\u2019t we have this for all of our majors?', u'That tournament \u2014 held the week after the men\u2019s event, on the same course, for the first time in United States Golf Association history \u2014 cast into particularly sharp relief an issue the ', u' Tour had been grappling with: the ho-hum reception to most of the women\u2019s majors.', u'\u201cWe get it at the ', u' every year,\u201d Lewis, the leading American on the L.P.G.A. Tour and its top-earning player in 2014, said of the top treatment, \u201cbut that\u2019s the only time we really get it. That\u2019s something that the L.P.G.A. Championship has been lacking the last few years \u2014 that big major feel.\u201d', u'In an effort to rectify that, the L.P.G.A. rebranded its championship, the tour\u2019s second-oldest major, as the Women\u2019s P.G.A. Championship, an event that begins Thursday at Westchester Country Club in Rye, N.Y.', u'The L.P.G.A. took advantage of an opening when the supermarket chain Wegmans, which had been attached to the tournament since 2010, decided it would no longer be the event\u2019s title sponsor.', u'The result was a rare collaborative effort with the P.G.A. of America, which conducts the men\u2019s P.G.A. Championship. The tour receives the backing and infrastructure of the P.G.A.; the P.G.A. gets an opportunity to promote the women\u2019s game.', u'Michael Whan, the L.P.G.A.\u2019s commissioner, said last month of the arrangement, \u201cWe talked about the L.P.G.A. coming together with the P.G.A., together with NBC Golf Channel, and building something that really elevated the best female golfers on the planet to, really, whole new heights \u2014 purse heights, television heights, venue heights in terms of where we play this.\u201d', u'Westchester Country Club adds another element to the mix.', u'After sharing Pinehurst with the men for last summer\u2019s Opens, Lewis and other top women\u2019s players recognized that in order to generate interest in the other domestic majors, they would need a course with some cachet in a big market. Westchester \u2014 a PGA Tour stop for 40 years, until 2007, and a 40-minute drive from Midtown \u2014 fit the bill.', u'Cristie Kerr, who won the second of her two major titles at the 2010 L.P.G.A. Championship, said that such a course would put the tour on a big stage and added, \u201cThat\u2019s the only way we\u2019re going to get the recognition as a tour that we deserve, is to keep going forward.\u201d', u'Michelle Wie, one of the L.P.G.A.\u2019s most marketable players, echoed Kerr, saying: \u201cI think it\u2019s huge to go to big venues. Obviously, PGA Tour events, Senior PGA Tour events were at this golf course. The venue is great, has a lot of history. I think it\u2019s great that we can play on a golf course like this.\u201d', u'The partnership to put on this week\u2019s event was announced last May, but Lewis pushed for more after seeing the kind of treatment the men got at the United States Open.', u'The event\u2019s purse is up to $3.5 million, from $2.25 million in 2014, and will have its final two rounds broadcast on NBC. With the accounting giant KPMG on board as the event\u2019s title sponsor, Lewis, who is sponsored by the company, wearing its logo on her hats, laid out what gaps needed to be filled.', u'\u201cIt was cool for me to kind of pass some ideas around,\u201d Lewis said of her conversations with KPMG executives. She added, \u201cThey have tried to take a little bit from every one of the best tournaments we have and put it into this one, and I think they have done a pretty good job for the first year.\u201d', u'The hope is that by late Sunday, when the final putt is dropped and a champion is crowned, a partnership that might have seemed unlikely a year ago will have put one of the L.P.G.A.\u2019s flagship events on solid ground.', u'\u201cFor our tour, we get the most media, we get the most eyeballs, five weeks out of the year,\u201d Lewis said, \u201cso those five weeks need to be our biggest and our best. They all talk about, when we are on network TV, it needs to look like a big event. So that\u2019s why we need it to be the way it is this week.\u201d']), ([u'Giants Pound Matt Harvey, and Mets Make Missteps on Basepaths'], [u'A day after ', u' starter Chris Heston pitched a no-hitter against his team, ', u' Manager ', u' said that even such a disheartening loss was fleeting and that his players had already shifted their focus to Wednesday\u2019s opposing starter, Tim Hudson.', u'On a micro level, Collins was correct: Even a no-hit loss counts only once in the standings. But Wednesday produced a defeat that should concern the club going forward, with Matt Harvey\u2019s simmering fastballs continuing to fly over the outfield wall at a troubling rate.', u'Harvey gave up three home runs, and seven runs, in his six innings as the Giants clubbed their way to ', u' over the Mets at Citi Field.', u'\u201cI\u2019m just not doing my job very well,\u201d Harvey (6-4) said.', u'The Giants did not even have time to scuff the white chalk around the batter\u2019s box before Joe Panik deposited a Harvey fastball into the right-field seats for a two-run homer in the first. Brandon Belt and Justin Maxwell added homers in the sixth, a five-run inning for the Giants in which four of their five hits went for extra bases.', u'Harvey has yielded a home run in four consecutive starts, a career high. His 12 home runs allowed this season are also a career high and match his total from 2012 and 2013 combined. In his All-Star season two years ago, Harvey gave up only seven home runs in 1781/3 innings.', u'Asked if Harvey might be experiencing a hangover from his 2013 Tommy John surgery, Collins said he thought that could be a reason for the slump.', u'Harvey, though, said he felt great physically.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not going to use that as an excuse,\u201d Harvey said. \u201cJust a terrible performance. The last couple starts have been extremely bad \u2014 just not getting it done, not helping the team in any way. Something needs to change.\u201d', u'The Mets started the day looking to reverse the sour mood left by Heston\u2019s no-hitter, and Travis d\u2019Arnaud\u2019s presence in the lineup, for the first time in seven weeks, provided reason for optimism. D\u2019Arnaud, a catcher who had been on the disabled list since April 20 while recovering from a broken finger and a bone bruise in his right wrist, finished 1 for 4, with two runs scored.', u'In another positive sign for the Mets, faced with an early deficit after Panik\u2019s home run, they had no problem getting their first hit against Hudson.', u'They appeared, however, to have forgotten how to run the bases.', u'Their leadoff hitter, Curtis Granderson, smacked a deep fly ball over Angel Pagan\u2019s head in center field but pulled up after rounding first base, perhaps believing the ball had been caught. None of the Giants\u2019 infielders were covering second base, but by the time Granderson realized the ball had dropped, the relay throw was headed in, and he had to retreat to first base amid a chorus of boos.', u'Later in the first, after Ruben Tejada had grounded out and Lucas Duda had walked, Michael Cuddyer singled to left field. Ignoring the shallow position of left fielder Nori Aoki, the Mets\u2019 third-base coach, Tim Teufel, sent Granderson home, where he was easily thrown out.', u'Despite their self-imposed troubles in navigating the basepaths, the Mets did scratch out two runs in the inning, on a single by Wilmer Flores.', u'The offense eventually spotted Harvey a 4-2 lead through five innings, but the Giants re-created a batting practice session in the sixth.', u'Buster Posey brought around two runners with a double to right field, and Belt\u2019s homer put the Giants ahead, 6-4, much to the delight of the large contingent of Giants fans on hand.', u'On Maxwell\u2019s home run, supporters of both clubs exclaimed in awe as the ball carried deep to left. Soon, those dressed in the road team\u2019s orange drowned out the orange-clad home fans, who were witnessing their ace give up seven runs for the second time in four starts.', u'Harvey opened the season 5-0, looking every bit as overpowering as he did two years ago. He pitched well over his next three starts, too, losing once and twice not getting a decision while giving up three runs over 21 innings. But since May 23, Harvey has been plagued by the long ball.', u'In his last four starts, spanning 25 innings, he has allowed 20 runs and eight home runs. After throwing his 100th pitch on Wednesday, Harvey left with one more unpleasant mark: a career-low two strikeouts.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s a lot of work that needs to be done, and we\u2019re going to start tomorrow,\u201d Harvey said.']), ([u'Supporting Structure for Arthur Ashe Roof Is Completed'], [u'Officials from the United States Tennis Association talked about 5,000 tons of steel, 1,700 structural beams, 115,000 three-pound bolts and three massive cranes Wednesday.', u'Those numbers are close to adding up to one roof on Arthur Ashe Stadium.', u'On Wednesday, the last piece of steel was placed in the superstructure for the long-awaited roof of the stadium, the ', u'\u2019s main court. This year\u2019s tournament, which begins Aug. 31, will be played without a finished roof, but retractable panels and a 200,000-square-foot fabric covering will be added in time for the 2016 Open. The roof will be able to close in five to seven minutes.', u'The last bit of steel was a small one compared with the imposing structure around it: a 40-foot piece of subway track that will be used as a rail for the retractable panels.', u'The placement of the track signified more than the end of about nine months of work, which was hampered by a long winter. (\u201cThe weather gods were not kind to us,\u201d said Danny Zausner, the chief operating officer of the U.S.T.A. Billie Jean King National Tennis Center.) It was also a celebration of 12 years of research.', u'Officials\u2019 declarations of this being \u201ca historic moment\u201d and \u201can amazing milestone\u201d were understandable.', u'Zausner listed study after study dedicated to finding a plan that was feasible structurally, financially and aesthetically. Starting in 2003, there were five studies over eight years to reach this point.', u'After losing out on a design competition in one of those studies in 2009, Rossetti, the original architect for Arthur Ashe Stadium, worked for two years on its own to develop a structure that could be built around and above the stadium, which sits on swamplike land.', u'Rossetti\u2019s plan ', u'. Considering the years it took to come up with a workable design, the construction itself has gone relatively quickly. The first of the 24 columns that support the roof ', u'.', u'Before the Open begins in August, four video boards and sound and lighting systems will be installed in the stadium. Because the geometric pattern of the superstructure would cause unusual shadows, a temporary fabric canopy will cover the south and west sides of the stadium this year.', u'The canopy \u2014 and later, the permanent fabric covering \u2014 means that thousands of fans in Arthur Ashe Stadium will be able to sit in the shade.', u'Zausner said the stadium, the largest in tennis, will maintain its seating capacity of 23,771, though some seats in the highest rows were removed to accommodate two video boards. Seats were added in lower levels to replace those lost, he said.', u'Gordon Smith, the executive director of the U.S.T.A., called the completion of the superstructure a major step, but only the most obvious one in a renovation that will cost more than $500 million. Work began during the winter on a new grandstand court in the southwestern part of the tennis center. That stadium, which will seat 8,000, and a neighboring village of concession stands will be completed for the 2016 Open.', u'Construction on a new 14,000-seat Louis Armstrong Stadium will begin after the 2016 Open and is expected to be finished in time for the 2018 tournament.', u'\u201cWe want nothing less than the vision of this facility being the finest tennis venue in the world and the pre-eminent sports facility in New York City,\u201d Smith said.']), ([u'Player Ratings: Germany (1) vs. United States (2)'], [u'The United States national team put the cap on an amazing week for American soccer with a 2-1 win over Germany in Cologne on Wednesday. While the game was just an exhibition, like the United States\u2019 4-3 victory at the Netherlands last week, the results gave Coach Jurgen Klinsmann\u2019s squad a significant boost of momentum heading into next month\u2019s Concacaf Gold Cup.', u'The ratings, from 1 (diabolical) to 10 (world class):', u'Brad Guzan: When Germany had a strong stretch to open the game, Guzan limited the damage. In the second half, he continued to make important stops when called into action. ', u'Fabian Johnson: Having returned to the left back position, the versatile Johnson was the team\u2019s best defender in the first half, when \u2014 with the exception of its goal, which started with a run from midfield \u2014 Germany did not have much success attacking down his side. ', u'John Brooks: The German-born defender was steady throughout but best in the second half. It was a significantly improved outing from Friday, when the Netherlands exposed him with some nice crosses. Brooks responded with his best international performance since the World Cup. ', u'Ventura Alvarado: Caught ball-watching a bit on Mario G\xf6tze\u2019s opening goal, Alvarado made few noticeable errors in the second half. He made a strong case to be part of the Gold Cup team. ', u'Timothy Chandler: It was a difficult first half for Chandler but a vastly improved second. He was mostly at fault for G\xf6tze\u2019s 12th-minute goal, when he was caught out of position. In the second half, he was playing on the left side and was far more focused defensively. ', u'Danny Williams: After a very good outing against the Netherlands, Williams struggled against the country in which he was born and raised. He managed to settle down toward the end of the first half before being removed. ', u'Mix Diskerud: Diskerud, an N.Y.C.F.C midfielder, should have done better with his chance in the 10th minute off of a great individual effort from Aron Johannsson, and he was exposed defensively on Germany\u2019s goal when he failed to stop a run out of the right side of the midfield. But his quality shined for most of the game: His finish on the goal in the 42nd minute showed a great deal of skill, and he nearly set up Gyasi Zardes on a chance early in the second half with a lovely chipped pass over the defense in the 51st minute. ', u'Gyasi Zardes: Started off slowly but became more involved as the game progressed. In the second half, he was very active and demanded a lot of attention from the German defense. His stock rose over these two friendlies. ', u'Michael Bradley: The best American player. Sharp on both sides of the ball and looked strong playing an advanced midfield position. His assist on Diskerud\u2019s goal was inch-perfect. ', u'Juan Agudelo: Making his first start with the national team since 2011, Agudelo did not have his best game. He was not as involved as other forwards and disappeared for stretches before being removed at halftime. ', u'Aron Johannsson: An improved effort from the Netherlands game. Active withdrawing into the midfield to help create and dangerous moving into the final third. ', u'Brad Evans: Quiet but effective at right back after replacing Fabian Johnson at halftime. Combined well on the right side with DeAndre Yedlin, his former Seattle Sounders teammate, and even had the assist on Bobby Wood\u2019s winner. ', u'Kyle Beckerman: A halftime replacement for Williams, he was part of a dominant American midfield in the second half. As usual, his passing was always on the mark, and he was smart defensively to limit Germany\u2019s attack up the middle. ', u'DeAndre Yedlin: A spark after replacing Agudelo at halftime. His speed opened up the game, and it was a major reason why the team was able to create far more chances than Germany in the second half. ', u'Alfredo Morales: Replaced Diskerud. His passing was tidy and he made some important defensive plays to break up attacks. ', u'Jordan Morris: The Stanford University forward continued to impress by using his speed to get into dangerous positions. His best moment came on the winning goal when he didn\u2019t even touch the ball: the pass from Evans looked designed for Morris, but Morris instead let the ball roll through to Wood, who buried the chance. ', u'Bobby Wood: After a dreadful club season that included being benched by 1860 Munich followed by a transfer to a relegation-bound 2.Bundesliga club, Wood has had a dream start to the summer. After scoring a 90th-minute winner Friday against the Netherlands, he lashed an even more impressive winner from distance in the 87th against Germany. His career has gone from a low point to a high point in the matter of a few months. ']), ([u'Without Showing Games, ESPN Leaves a Mark on the N.B.A. Finals '], [u'The peculiar credit appears at the end of N.B.A. finals broadcasts on ABC. There is no reason for this single line to be shown publicly. The information it conveys is irrelevant to viewers and is an example of a major entertainment company speaking publicly to itself. But it tells you why N.B.A. games are carried by ABC, whose once-dominant sports division was buried long ago.', u'\u201cThe preceding program has been paid for by ', u' Inc.,\u201d the credit reads after the announcer Mike Breen gives his end-of-game remarks.', u'The line suggests a bookkeeping arrangement between two networks within the Walt Disney Company \u2014 ESPN pays ABC for showing N.B.A. games, like the ones in the ', u'-Golden State Warriors series, which is headed to Game 4 on Thursday. ABC is being compensated for a three-hour block of time where it could have carried something else. How much ABC receives is a mystery, as is anything official about the intracompany deal. In a cryptic response to my request for details, John Wildhack, ESPN\u2019s executive vice president of programming and production, said, \u201cIt\u2019s an internal conversation.\u201d', u'Yet, ESPN holds that conversation with nearly 20 million viewers at the end of each finals game (and throughout the regular season) \u2014 and has held it since acquiring the rights to N.B.A. games in 2002.', u'ESPN and ABC are engaged in a time buy, which is often confined to relatively minor, independently produced events paying for a time slot on a network\u2019s schedule. Currently, it is being used in a much bigger way by the boxing adviser Al Haymon, who is sprinkling tens of millions of dollars over several networks to televise a raft of bouts under the Premier Boxing Champions banner.', u'NBC and NBCSN do not, for example, post any credit on-screen during their boxing shows that says the mysterious Haymon has bought truckloads of time on their air.', u'One benefit ESPN gets by putting N.B.A. games on ABC is access to a broadcast audience that is larger than cable\u2019s. That advantage has frequently seemed meaningless to ESPN, which has often argued about the power of its many platforms when the power of broadcast television is invoked. Yet ESPN does not mind boasting that the Cavaliers-Warriors finals is averaging 18.5 million viewers, which might not be achievable on ESPN, regardless of its stature. And that ability to snare extra viewers by using ABC seems to be at play in a few recent moves.', u'Last month, ESPN announced that it would move its ESPYs awards show to ABC for its next edition on July 15. The network also announced that it would simulcast its N.F.L. wild-card game on ABC.', u'More recently, ESPN said it would shift the Pinstripe Bowl to ABC and show the inaugural Celebration Bowl (one of 13 bowls that ESPN owns and runs) on ABC.', u'Wildhack insisted that the temporary focus on ABC is not a prelude to a sports renaissance there.', u'\u201cMake no mistake,\u201d he said. \u201cESPN is the sports brand and will be for the foreseeable future for the Walt Disney Company. ABC is an outlet that we use for college football on Saturday afternoon and prime time.\u201d', u'Those of us weaned on the ABC Sports brand \u2014 dismantled by ESPN and reconstituted nine years ago as a lite version called ESPN on ABC \u2014 will be chagrined to hear that recitation of reality.', u'On moving the ESPYs to ABC, Wildhack said: \u201cThe show is 20 years old. We said, \u2018Let\u2019s try something new and see what happens with it.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Over the last few years, viewership of the awards show has ranged from 1.9 million to 2.6 million. If exposure to a broadcast audience does not appreciably raise its viewership, ESPN will have proof of the program\u2019s limited appeal.', u'The wild-card simulcast seems like a what-the-heck proposition. The game last January between Arizona and Carolina attracted 21.7 million viewers \u2014 the third most in ESPN history for an N.F.L. game. Adding millions more by letting ABC viewers also watch it looks like a strategy drawn directly from the successful simulcasts of Thursday night games by CBS and the NFL Network.', u'\u201cWe think it\u2019s the ultimate way to maximize an audience,\u201d Wildhack said. \u201cWhy not use the No. 1 network among men, which is ESPN, and the No. 1 network among women, ABC?\u201d', u'He minimized the significance of putting the bowls on ABC, where many of the big bowls once reigned. The Pinstripe Bowl \u2014 which attracted 3.9 million viewers to Penn State\u2019s 31-30 victory over Boston College \u2014 will move to ABC, replacing the Independence Bowl, which was sent back, but not necessarily relegated, to ESPN. The newly created Celebration Bowl \u2014 between teams from the historically black universities and colleges of the Mid-Eastern Athletic and Southwestern Athletic conferences \u2014 will bring the number of bowls on ABC to four.', u'Next time, it might be sent to ESPN, to make way for another bowl created by the company.', u'\u201cIt is,\u201d Wildhack said, \u201cwhat the calendar dictates.\u201d']), ([u'No-Hitter Is as Familiar to the San Francisco Giants as a Ring'], [u'Chris Heston ', u' against the Mets on Tuesday, Matt Cain has thrown a perfect game against the Houston Astros, and Tim Lincecum has twice kept the San Diego Padres hitless.', u'The best pitcher on the ', u'? He has thrown a no-hitter, too \u2014 against the Patriots of Freedom High School in Morganton, N.C. It was the only no-hitter Madison Bumgarner threw in his career at South Caldwell High, and he has none as a professional.', u'\u201cYou go around reminding Bum of that, he might throw one next game,\u201d Heston, a rookie right-hander for the Giants, said with a smile on Wednesday. \u201cMaybe we need to light a little fire under him. But, man, that guy\u2019s so good, it\u2019s just a matter of time before he starts rattling those things off like it\u2019s nothing.\u201d', u'Throwing a no-hitter might seem that easy around the Giants, who have won three of the last five World Series behind a stingy pitching staff. But throwing one four years in a row, as the Giants have, is so rare that only one team had done so before: the 1962-65 Los Angeles Dodgers \u2014 Sandy Koufax each time.', u'Greatness does not lead directly to no-hitters. Greg Maddux, Roger Clemens and Steve Carlton combined for more than 1,000 career wins without one. The Padres still do not have one. The Mets would not, either, if instant replay had been around in 2012, when an umpire missed a ball that nicked the chalk on the left-field line during ', u'.', u'So Heston, with just 13 career starts, is now officially a part of baseball lore. The Hall of Fame took his cap and a ball from Tuesday\u2019s game.', u'\u201cWho would have thought that I\u2019d have something in the Hall of Fame at this point?\u201d Heston said, still floating a little the day after. He had a stack of New York tabloids in his locker, suitable for framing someday, he said. The photo on each back page depicted him embracing his catcher.', u'\u201cThey\u2019re all kind of Buster hugs,\u201d Heston said, referring to Buster Posey. \u201cThose are always the fun ones.\u201d', u'Posey caught Cain\u2019s perfect game and Lincecum\u2019s first no-hitter before guiding Heston on Tuesday. The last three Mets struck out looking \u2014 a payoff, Heston said, for the way Posey had set them up earlier in the game.', u'For a team that never seems to get the proper adoration for the depth of its farm system, the Giants continue to produce impact major leaguers. Bumgarner, Cain, Lincecum, Posey, Brandon Belt, Brandon Crawford, Sergio Romo, Joe Panik, Heston \u2014 all are homegrown. So was the departed third baseman Pablo Sandoval, as well as Matt Duffy, his capable replacement.', u'\u201cThere are good young guys coming in, willing to ask questions, to learn \u2014 but then again, they\u2019re confident in what they\u2019ve got,\u201d said Cain, who pitched in the minors Tuesday as he recovers from an elbow injury. \u201cThat\u2019s what you need. You need guys to be able to do that when they come up here because those guys are going to be extremely helpful.\u201d', u'When Cain went down just before opening day, he joked that he welcomed Heston to the rotation by saying, \u201cYou\u2019re welcome.\u201d', u'Actually, Cain said, he had followed Heston\u2019s progress through the minors \u2014 Heston\u2019s emergence at Class AA in 2012, the elbow pain that ruined his 2013 season, and the way he recovered to reach the majors briefly last year. Under the Giants\u2019 tutelage, Heston said, he has improved since being drafted in the 12th round out of East Carolina University in 2009.', u'\u201cAttacking the zone, that\u2019s the big thing,\u201d Heston said. \u201cIn college, you think you\u2019ve got to make everything so nasty, try to make every pitch so good. But it\u2019s just about not beating yourself, filling up the strike zone and letting the defense work. These guys are so good, they\u2019re going to make the plays.\u201d', u'Yet Bruce Bochy, the Giants\u2019 manager, said he was struck by the ease of Heston\u2019s no-hitter; the defense never really had to strain to make a play. On the field after the game, Bochy congratulated Heston and told him to bring his high school coach, who attended the game, into the clubhouse celebration.', u'Heston, who hit three batters but walked none, said he had hundreds of text messages and did not go to sleep until 3 or 4 a.m. He is from Brevard County, Fla., like Bochy, who said reporters there could not reach Heston on Tuesday and so were forced to call him instead.', u'\u201cI said, \u2018Chris, you\u2019re killing me,\u2019\xa0\u201d Bochy said.', u'Bochy has been the Giants\u2019 manager since 2007, which makes him a relatively new arrival. The pitching coach, Dave Righetti, has held his job since 2000, and the bullpen coach, Mark Gardner, has had his since 2003. The top executives in baseball operations \u2014 Brian Sabean, Bobby Evans, Dick Tidrow \u2014 date back even longer.', u'\u201cIt\u2019d be hard to imagine a manager and a pitching coach \u2014 and all the staff, really \u2014 being better,\u201d Bumgarner said. \u201cThere might be some out there just as good, but it would be tough to imagine somebody standing out above this crowd.\u201d', u'Mike Krukow, a former Giants pitcher and a longtime broadcaster, said Posey and the coaches made the difference, deftly teaching new pitches to add to each pitcher\u2019s raw talent.', u'\u201cA lot of these guys came here, and they had a pretty good idea of how to pitch anyway,\u201d Krukow said. \u201cBut it seems like everybody who gets here gets better.\u201d', u'Continuity at the top, smart scouting and developing \u2014 all of it puts the players in position for magic moments like Heston\u2019s, as random as they might seem. As for Bumgarner, he came close last August, losing a no-hitter against Colorado after seven perfect innings.', u'\u201cI went out for the eighth, got two strikes and threw a really good curveball,\u201d he said. \u201cI mean, it was great, I thought. And Justin Morneau hit a double down the right-field line.\u201d', u'Maybe someday. For now, three championship rings will have to do.']), ([u'U.S. Men Rally Past No. 1 Germany in Exhibition'], [u'COLOGNE, Germany \u2014  Five days after beating the Netherlands for the first time, the United States defeated Germany in Germany for the first time, an improbable victory in an exhibition against the nation that won last year\u2019s World Cup.', u'The Americans could not be more confident heading into next month\u2019s Concacaf Gold Cup. \u201cIt makes us world champions, right?\u201d goalkeeper Brad Guzan joked after Wednesday night\u2019s 2-1 win.', u'Bobby Wood, who scored in the 90th minute to give the United States a 4-3 win Friday in Amsterdam, recorded the deciding goal against Germany in the 87th.', u'The United States\u2019 captain, Michael Bradley, had passed to Brad Evans on the right flank, and Evans made a 25-yard diagonal pass to Wood, who had entered in the 74th minute. Wood trapped the ball just outside the arc, swiveled, took a touch and sent a 23-yard shot past goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler.', u'\u201cI think we did that like 20 times yesterday,\u201d Wood said. \u201cIt\u2019s kind of funny that it happened that exact way.\u201d', u'It was just the second international goal for Wood, a 22-year-old from Hawaii whose German club, Erzgebirge Aue, was relegated to the third division in a season in which he was slowed by injury.', u'\u201cBobby Wood is a work in progress,\u201d United States Coach Jurgen Klinsmann said. \u201cHe had a very difficult season.\u201d', u'The Americans survived a scare in injury time, when Germany\u2019s Sami Khedira bounced a header off the crossbar. The United States had lost its previous two games against the Germans in Germany: by 4-2 in 2002 and by 4-1 in 2006.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s such a monumental win for us as a country and a federation,\u201d Guzan said. \u201cIt\u2019s important that we build some momentum going into the Gold Cup. We know ultimately this summer is about us winning the Gold Cup. That\u2019s our No. 1 goal.\u201d', u'The Americans won the 2013 Gold Cup and would earn a berth in the Confederations Cup by winning this year\u2019s tournament. If another nation prevails, it will meet the United States in a playoff for the Confederations Cup spot.', u'\u201cWe should feel like, as we head into big, important games in the Gold Cup, that we have nothing to be afraid of, and we can step on the field against any team and can cause anybody trouble and can beat anybody,\u201d Bradley said.', u'Mario G\xf6tze put Germany, the world\u2019s top-ranked team, ahead in the 12th minute off a pass from Patrick Herrmann.', u'Mix Diskerud tied the score in the 41st minute when he ran into a 20-yard pass from Bradley and kicked it in from about 6 yards to cap a 30-pass, 90-second sequence.']), ([u'N.B.A. Finals: Cavaliers\u2019 Supporting Cast Has Been Overlooked'], [u'This series was supposed to be over. The second it was announced that Kyrie Irving would miss the remainder of the N.B.A. finals with a broken kneecap, the sporting world appeared to agree that the already favored Golden State Warriors had been handed the team\u2019s first championship since 1975.', u'Two games later, the ', u' are ahead, two games to one, and seemingly have the momentum. The same people who wrote the team off are now wondering how they could have been so wrong.', u'The easy answer is that LeBron James, despite all of his accolades, was ', u'. But his remaining teammates, not a star among them, were also underestimated: They have complemented James offensively and have disrupted the high-powered Warriors defensively.', u'\u201cYou didn\u2019t hear any of us say this was going to be easy with him out,\u201d Warriors guard Stephen Curry said of Irving after Game 3. \u201cWe knew that they had won plenty of games in the playoffs without him leading up to the finals.\u201d', u'James has filled up the box score with an incredible number of points, rebounds and assists. But he is getting help with all of the little things a player of his caliber needs to be able to succeed.', u'James Jones\u2019s and Mike Miller\u2019s minutes have increased because of the court spacing created by their long-range shooting abilities. James has more room to work inside because the Golden State defense is kept honest.', u'Tristan Thompson has controlled the rebounding on both ends of the court while Timofey Mozgov has shown the world why two first-round picks is a reasonable price to pay for a 7-foot-1 center who was an undrafted free agent just a few years ago.', u'And Matthew Dellavedova, starting in Irving\u2019s place, has harassed Curry to the point of immense frustration and surprised everyone by contributing on offense with floaters that find their way into the hoop and a crushing 3-point play in Game 3 that may have been the difference between a win and a loss.', u'\u201cEveryone knows their role, and we all play our role to the best of our ability,\u201d James said. \u201cWe don\u2019t step outside our box. When you have that type of chemistry out on the floor, it makes everything work.\u201d', u'It is hard to believe that a week ago, many were faulting the team\u2019s lack of depth and saying the roster might be even worse than the supporting cast James had in 2007 when the Cavaliers were swept by the San Antonio Spurs in the finals.', u'The 2007 Cavaliers featured a strong defense, a mediocre offense and some names that now seem like distant memories. In the finals, James went against the Spurs with a starting lineup that consisted of Zydrunas Ilgauskas, Drew Gooden, Sasha Pavlovic, and two games each from Larry Hughes and Daniel Gibson.', u'Against the Spurs, James, Pavlovic and Ilgauskas all failed to click on offense, with each producing an offensive rating below 100, meaning they would score fewer than 100 points per 100 possessions, while each had a defensive rating in excess of 100. But Coach Mike Brown caught a little break when Hughes was injured and replaced in the starting lineup by Gibson. Hughes had been horrendous, scoring 2 points in 44 minutes over two starts for an offensive rating of 28.', u'In retrospect, the player the team should have found more minutes for was Anderson Varejao, who played well against San Antonio. This year\u2019s Cavaliers do not have that option; Varejao remains out after tearing his Achilles\u2019 tendon earlier in the season. Coach David Blatt said that as well as things had gone in the series, the team still missed Varejao, Irving and Kevin Love.', u'\u201cWe miss that guy, by the way, a lot,\u201d Blatt said of Irving. \u201cAnd the other guy sitting out, too, Kevin Love, we miss him, too. Need I say Andy as well? We\u2019ve got a lot of guys sitting out right now.\u201d', u'But James, with a chance to secure a three-games-to-one lead on his home court Thursday, will have to make do with a group of teammates far less famous than he became accustomed to in Miami. So far, that has not been a problem.']), ([u'Andrew Miller Headed to D.L.; Yankees Lose to Nationals'], [u'Andrew Miller, standing in front of his locker, took a swig of red Gatorade and braced for the impending swarm of reporters.', u'Minutes earlier, Manager Joe Girardi had announced that Miller, the ', u'\u2019 sterling closer, who has 17 saves in 17 opportunities this season, was headed to the disabled list with a left forearm injury. Girardi called it a strain of the flexor mass muscle.', u'The team received the results of Miller\u2019s magnetic resonance imaging test during a ', u' to the ', u' on Wednesday at Yankee Stadium.', u'The defeat ended the Yankees\u2019 seven-game winning streak. Far more sobering, though, was the news that they would be without their top reliever for 10 to 14 days, another blow in a season in which the Yankees\u2019 ace (Masahiro Tanaka) and leadoff hitter (Jacoby Ellsbury) have lost significant time to injury.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s frustrating more than anything for me,\u201d Miller said, emphasizing that his injury was nothing more than a \u201cfatigue issue\u201d that could be healed with rest. \u201cWe\u2019ve got a long ways to go, and I want to make sure I\u2019m there at the end of it, and this is the right thing to do.\u201d', u'Both Girardi and Miller, who has a 1.03 E.R.A. this season, a mark that would be his career best by almost a run, stressed that the injury was to a muscle, not a ligament.', u'\u201cThe peace of mind of it,\u201d Miller said, \u201cis that a muscle strain is comparatively much better of a situation.\u201d', u'That situation \u2014 ligament damage \u2014 could lead to Tommy John surgery. Forearm discomfort is often a precursor to the operation, which requires at least a year of recovery. The Yankees lost Ivan Nova to the procedure last season and Chase Whitley to it this year. (Nova threw a bullpen session in front of Girardi and Yankees coaches on Wednesday and said he was ready to rejoin the rotation; Girardi said Nova would be evaluated again after his next rehabilitation start.)', u'When Girardi was asked if Miller\u2019s discomfort could be a sign that he would eventually need Tommy John surgery, he seemed relatively unconcerned.', u'\u201cAs far as the ligament and all that, that\u2019s all healthy; that\u2019s really healthy,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cIt\u2019s just the flexor mass muscle. And you\u2019ve got to deal with it.\u201d', u'Miller, also asked about the possibility that the injury would become something more severe, echoed Girardi, saying, \u201cThat\u2019s a lot of ifs.\u201d He added that the trip to the disabled list was \u201cprobably going to be a good thing for the long run.\u201d', u'Girardi said he would most likely promote Dellin Betances, who normally pitches the eighth inning, to closer in Miller\u2019s absence.', u'The news of Miller\u2019s injury was even more dispiriting for the Yankees because it came during a game in which their bullpen surrendered a two-run lead in the eighth inning.', u'Nationals starter Gio Gonzalez confounded the Yankees, who had averaged seven runs over their past four games, until the seventh inning, when they scored four runs.', u'With one out, shortstop Brendan Ryan blasted a 1-2 curveball to center field, over the outstretched glove of Denard Span, to score Chris Young. The Yankees went on to add three runs in the inning, on hits from Brett Gardner, Alex Rodriguez and Brian McCann.', u'In the eighth, though, Yankees reliever Jacob Lindgren, who had replaced starter Nathan Eovaldi, surrendered a two-run homer to Michael Taylor, which tied the game at 4-4. The score remained knotted until the 11th inning, when Span hit an infield chopper that sent Tyler Moore home for the decisive run.', u'The Yankees had activated Ryan \u2014 a strong defensive infielder with a vibrant personality, if not a stellar batting average (.234 for his career) \u2014 from the disabled list on Tuesday night, and he went 2 for 3 with a run-scoring triple in his first major league game since Sept. 28.', u'That was a positive sign for Ryan, who has been hampered by injuries \u2014 some of them unusual, all of them disheartening \u2014 in his third year with the Yankees.', u'First he hurt his back while lifting weights, just before spring training began. Then, on April 1, he strained his right calf fielding a grounder in an exhibition game. And in early May, during a conditioning drill as part of his rehabilitation, Ryan pulled his hamstring.', u'Before Wednesday\u2019s game, Ryan joked with reporters, greeted teammates he had not seen in months and lamented their lack of facial hair. The mood in the clubhouse, jolted by his enthusiasm, contrasted sharply with the postgame somberness: The Yankees had lost the game, yes, but also their dominant closer.', u'Miller, who seemed thoughtful and optimistic as he was grilled by reporters, said he did not question Girardi\u2019s decision to use him in the ninth inning of ', u', a nonsave situation with the Yankees leading by five runs.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not here to collect saves,\u201d he said. \u201cI\u2019m here to help us win ballgames.\u201d', u'Soon after, he slid down into the chair in front of his locker, knowing that he would not be able to help the team do that for a while.']), ([u'Copa Am\xe9rica Set to Begin Under a Cloud of Corruption Allegations'], [u'SANTIAGO, Chile \u2014  Just outside the gates to the field where Chile\u2019s national men\u2019s soccer team prepared for Thursday\u2019s opening game of the Copa Am\xe9rica, Cecilia Amaya, a second-grade teacher here, handed out small slips of paper bearing a list of demands.', u'Teachers are on strike across Chile, and on Tuesday, Ms. Amaya joined a loud group of about three dozen protesters holding signs and blowing horns and whistles at the practice. But when Thursday comes and Chile kicks off against Ecuador in the opening match of the Copa, South America\u2019s irregularly held and now scandal-plagued regional championship, the signs will come down and the television sets will click on.', u'\u201cWe have no problems with the Copa Am\xe9rica,\u201d said Ms. Amaya, who wore the jersey of La Roja, as Chile\u2019s team is known, and a festive red, white and blue hat. \u201cWe\u2019re probably not going to protest during the games because we want to watch them. We want our team to win.\u201d', u'The teachers were drawn to the tournament for the publicity it generates, and fans are expected to watch the games in large numbers, but others are quietly staying away, perhaps to avoid the same spotlight the strikers craved.', u'The Copa Am\xe9rica claims to be the world\u2019s oldest international soccer tournament. It was first held in 1916, predating the World Cup by 14 years. This year\u2019s event is thought to be among the best in its history, with Argentina\u2019s Lionel Messi and Brazil\u2019s Neymar leading their teams.', u'But a broad corruption scandal in soccer that has recently led to the arrests of both ', u' officials and businessmen has shed unflattering light on the tournament, especially since several of the charges involved bribery and kickback schemes linked directly to the Copa. At the same time, the Chilean government has been rocked by corruption allegations of its own, with President Michelle Bachelet recently dismissing ', u' and reassigning several others amid a series of scandals.', u'\u201cThere is not as much attention on the Copa as there should be because there are many problems with politics and strikes and the economy,\u201d said Jorge G\xe1lvez, a 34-year-old soccer fan who sells surveillance equipment in the \xd1u\xf1oa district of Santiago. \u201cPeople are talking about other things for now. But once they begin playing, it will change.\u201d', u'Many of the FIFA officials who were ', u' ', u' had planned to attend this tournament to watch the likes of Messi, Neymar, James Rodr\xedguez of Colombia and Alexis S\xe1nchez, Chile\u2019s star forward.', u'Many more officials were also thought to be coming, including Sepp Blatter, who recently announced that he would quit as FIFA\u2019s president in the wake of the arrests; Juan \xc1ngel Napout, the president of Conmebol, South America\u2019s soccer federation; the Brazilian legend Pel\xe9; and a group of observers from U.S. Soccer, which is scheduled to host a special 100th anniversary Copa Am\xe9rica next year.', u'Now it has almost become a little game in Chile to guess who might dare show up. For some, like Pel\xe9, it might be better to stay at home and avoid the toxicity radiating from the implicated officials and the event itself. As of this week, U.S. Soccer officials were still debating whether they would attend. For Conmebol executives, not attending could help avoid the wrath of the fans, or perhaps worse.', u'\u201cThey don\u2019t know when the prosecutor will issue more arrest warrants,\u201d said Juan Crist\xf3bal Guarello, a sports commentator on ADN Radio and Channel 13, a national television station. \u201cThere is a political consequence \u2014 Napout inaugurating the cup and having 50,000 people insulting him.\u201d', u'In some ways, it is a tantalizing notion: a competitive tournament with only players and fans \u2014 and nothing else to muddle the view.', u'\u201cI love good football,\u201d Messi said Wednesday, \u201cand I would pay to watch Brazil, Colombia and Chile.\u201d', u'With thousands of fans traveling here from around South America to attend, many are expected to do just that.', u'A spokesman for the sports ministry said Wednesday that Ms. Bachelet would not attend the opening ceremony.', u'One man who is virtually obligated to attend is Sergio Jadue, the president of Chile\u2019s soccer federation and a chief organizer of the tournament. Although not named in the indictments that were handed up May 27 in New York, Mr. Jadue and other officials have been on the defensive ever since the arrests in Zurich.', u'Of the 14 people indicted, eight were South Americans and two were former Conmebol presidents: Eugenio Figueredo, who once led the Uruguayan soccer federation, and Nicol\xe1s Leoz, who held the same position in Paraguay.', u'In the indictments, the Department of Justice said hundreds of millions of dollars in bribes were paid by an international marketing company to members of the 10 federations that form Conmebol. The money was used to secure the lucrative marketing and television rights to this and other Copa Am\xe9rica tournaments, United States officials said.', u'The charges also included details about how the bribes were said to have been used to secure the commercial rights to the 2016 Copa Am\xe9rica. Now, because of the revelations, the staging of that event \u2014 in the United States or even at all \u2014 is in doubt. U.S. Soccer officials had been expected to name host cities this month, but shelved the announcement given the current climate.', u'\u201cThat Copa Am\xe9rica, in all likelihood, will not happen, given the current circumstances,\u201d said Eduardo Santa Cruz, a professor at the University of Chile who wrote two books on soccer and mass culture. \u201cAll of these leaders will not even go. They won\u2019t want to risk arrest.\u201d', u'Mr. Jadue, the president of the Chilean federation, has denied he was part of the graft and produced receipts that he said proved his innocence. \u201cIf I were involved, I would not be speaking with you,\u201d Mr. Jadue said in an interview on Radio Cooperativa on the day of the arrests. \u201cI have nothing to hide.\u201d', u'If Napout, the Paraguayan president of Conmebol, does stay away, it would be as shocking as if N.F.L. Commissioner Roger Goodell skipped the Super Bowl. Yet Napout could choose to remain at Conmebol headquarters near Asunci\xf3n, Paraguay \u2014 a state-within-a-state created to offer sanctuary from prosecution \u2014 for at least a few more days. In 1997, the Paraguayan government passed a law that granted virtual diplomatic immunity to the Conmebol compound, its property, documents and archives, similar to the privileges enjoyed by the embassy of a foreign nation.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s like a country that has one building and a hotel, but it received millions of dollars,\u201d said Mr. Guarello, the Chilean sports commentator, calling it the Paraguayan Vatican.', u'But that virtual diplomatic privilege may be dissolving. On May 29, two days after the arrests, the lower house of Paraguay\u2019s congress voted overwhelmingly to repeal the law, and its fate now rests in the hands of the upper house. If the law is repealed, investigators could swoop in.', u'Despite the anguish over what is happening at the highest levels of soccer and the Chilean government, there is still great excitement about the tournament. Unlike the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, where many were outraged at the huge sums spent to build new stadiums, many fans here said they were pleased that the government spent money to renovate the aging stadiums where their favorite club teams play.', u'And the quality of soccer at the Copa Am\xe9rica is expected to be high, with the field the strongest it has been in decades, and each nation fielding its best players \u2014 except for Uruguay\u2019s Luis Su\xe1rez, who is still under suspension for biting an opponent at last year\u2019s World Cup.', u'The misdeeds of the men in suits will not distract fans like Ms. Amaya or commentators like Mr. Guarello from following the event as closely as ever.', u'\u201cPeople on the street think they are all crooks,\u201d Mr. Guarello said, \u201cbut they want to watch the games.\u201d']), ([u'LeBron James\u2019s Dominance in N.B.A. Finals Is Historic'], [u'How dominant has ', u' been for the ', u'? You can make a good case that he is the most crucial player to a team in N.B.A. finals history.', u'One way to measure a player\u2019s importance is usage percentage, which estimates how many of a team\u2019s offensive plays are \u201cused\u201d by a player, whether by shooting the ball, getting to the free-throw line or making a turnover.', u'Although players with high usage percentages are usually stars, a big figure is not necessarily a good thing. If you suited up for the ', u' and shot the ball every time you touched it, you would record a high usage percentage, but you would likely not be of much help to the team.', u', James\u2019s usage rate is a sky-high 44.0 percent, according to ', u', meaning, roughly speaking, that the team\u2019s offense runs through him 44 percent of the time. With key players injured and ', u', at best, around him, the Cavs have little choice but to make James their cornerstone.', u'Ranking second to James on the team is Kyrie Irving, who rated at 25.1 in the one finals game he played before being injured. Of players still active, the next ranked, at 19.4, is Matthew Dellavedova, the undrafted Australian whose rate in the regular season was 12.6. That is a steep drop-off.', u'Despite being the league\u2019s most valuable player and the clear leader of the Golden State Warriors, Stephen Curry has a far lower figure than James in the finals, 30.5. And he benefits from teammates who are more useful than Dellavedova, like Klay Thompson (24.5).', u'More conventional statistics back up James\u2019s importance. He leads all players in the playoffs in minutes played, field goals made and attempted, and assists. In addition to those categories, he leads his own team in free throws made and attempted, defensive and total rebounds, steals, points and turnovers. Rare is the Cleveland offensive play that James does not take part in.', u'James\u2019s usage is up significantly from his rate of 32.3 in the regular season, when Irving and Kevin Love were healthy. James ranked fourth in the N.B.A. behind Russell Westbrook of Oklahoma City, Dwyane Wade of Miami and DeMarcus Cousins of Sacramento.', u'James\u2019s rate is also well above his previous finals appearances. In his four straight finals with the Heat, when he was joined by several other stars, his highest rate was 32.9, last year. In his first finals appearance with the Heat, in 2011, he did not even lead the team in usage, trailing Wade and Chris Bosh.', u'Even in 2007, when he led a ragtag team of Cavaliers to the finals, his rate was only 36.1.', u'Counting all of the rounds, James\u2019s rate is 37.8 so far in the playoffs. Going back to the 1970s, when the statistic becomes available, one player who made the finals had a greater rate: In 1993, when he won the third of his first triumvirate of titles, Michael Jordan rated at 38.0, ', u'.', u'With Irving out for the rest of the playoffs, James\u2019s rate may well climb past Jordan\u2019s before the series concludes. And Jordan\u2019s rate for the 1993 finals alone, 38.9, lags behind James\u2019s 44.0.', u'James may or may not drag the Cavs to a title. But either way, he is carrying his team in a way that few players, if any, have ever done.']), ([u'Quintana, White Sox Send Astros to 7th Straight Loss'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Geovany Soto hit a tiebreaking home run in the seventh inning, leading Jose Quintana and the Chicago White Sox over Houston 4-1 Wednesday night and handing the Astros their seventh straight loss.', u'George Springer went 5 for 5 for AL West-leading Houston. Astros starter Vincent Velasquez made his major league debut, pitching three-hit ball for five scoreless innings.', u'Jose Abreu and Adam LaRoche also homered for Chicago.', u"Quintana and Velasquez combined for the third pitchers' duel of the series. Quintana (3-6) earned his first win since May 13, allowing one run and six hits in seven innings.", u'David Robertson got his 13th save in 16 tries as the White Sox completed a three-game sweep.', u"Soto's home run came off Tony Sipp (2-3). Abreu added a two-run shot in the eighth off Pat Neshek.", u'Velasquez struck out five, walked four and threw 89 pitches. The 23-year-old righty exited with a 1-0 lead, but LaRoche tied the game in the sixth with his homer off Will Harris.', u"Velasquez was recalled from Double-A Corpus Christi earlier Wednesday, and his debut was the second for a highly touted Houston prospect in three days, following Carlos Correa's first game Monday. Correa, who had driven in Houston's only three runs of the series before Wednesday, was 1 for 4.", u'Besides Springer, Houston batters did little. They had only seven hits and scored two runs or fewer for the sixth time in their seven losses.', u"Houston went ahead 1-0 in the second on Jake Marisnick's sacrifice fly.", u"An inning after LaRoche's eighth home run of the season, Houston's Preston Tucker might have been denied a homer. Left fielder Melky Cabrera reached up at the wall to grab Tucker's fly ball for the second out of the inning.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Astros: RHP Scott Feldman (right knee) has started to play catch and is starting to move around a little bit as part of a rehabilitation program after undergoing surgery for a torn medial meniscus.', u'White Sox: LHP Dan Jennings (neck) and RHPs Nate Jones (right elbow) and Matt Albers (right pinkie) are still on the disabled list.', u'UP NEXT', u'Astros: LHP Brett Oberholzer (0-1, 3.75) faces Seattle RHP Felix Hernandez (9-2, 2.51) on Friday in Houston. Oberholzer is 2-0 with a 1.20 ERA lifetime against Seattle.', u'White Sox: LHP John Danks (3-5, 5.17) faces the Rays on Friday at Tampa Bay. Danks will be coming off a rough start Saturday against the Tigers, when he gave up five runs over 4 2-3 innings.']), ([u'Crawford Stands Tall as Blackhawks Beat Lightning 2-1'], [u'(Reuters) - Chicago netminder Corey Crawford stole the spotlight as the Blackhawks beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1 to square the Stanley Cup Final at two games each on Wednesday.', u"Crawford was strong early and even stronger in the game's closing minutes, stopping Steven Stamkos on two point-blank shots to preserve the victory.", u'Chicago were outshot 25-19 in the game.', u"Brandon Saad got the winner for Chicago at 6:22 of the third period, after earlier goals by Chicago's Jonathan Toews and Tampa Bay's Alex Killorn.", u"Tampa Bay's goaltender Ben Bishop who left Game Two with an injury and was visibly affected in Game Three, was replaced with 20-year-old rookie Andrei Vasilevskiy for Wednesday's game.", u'The series now shifts back to Tampa Bay for Game Five on Saturday.', u'(Reporting by Cameron French, Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Support for Boston\u2019s 2024 Olympic Bid Slips, Along With Time to Reverse It'], [u'BOSTON \u2014  More bad news arrived Wednesday for the boosters of Boston\u2019s bid to host the 2024 Summer Olympics: A new poll shows that just 39 percent of voters statewide support the bid, while 49 percent oppose it.', u'The latest poll, by WBUR, one of the National Public Radio radio stations here, shows that support has waned since the last statewide polls, taken in April. The latest numbers suggest that the boosters\u2019 efforts to right their ship have not succeeded.', u'One likely reason for the slippage is a discrepancy reported last month in the bid book from Boston 2024, the private group organizing the bid. The group had said it would use only private money to put on the Olympics, but the bid book revealed that it would rely on hundreds of millions of dollars in public funding.', u'\u201cThe specifics of the bid book focused people on their worst fears about the Olympics \u2014 the expense, the promises and that they didn\u2019t know everything that\u2019s going on,\u201d said Steve Koczela, president of the MassINC Polling Group, which conducted the survey for WBUR.', u'The poll numbers have to give pause to the United States Olympic Committee, since Boston 2024 has a limited amount of time to turn them around.', u'The most immediate deadline is Sept. 15, when the U.S.O.C. is to submit its American candidate to the International Olympic Committee. Limping into the international arena with a bid supported by just 39 percent of the home state (numbers in the city of Boston are not much better) could prove embarrassing; at least one competitor, Hamburg, Germany, boasts support from 64 percent of its residents.', u'The I.O.C. is to choose the winning city on Sept. 15, 2017. Apart from Hamburg, Rome is in contention, and Paris is likely to be.', u'The U.S.O.C. chose Boston in January over Los Angeles, San Francisco and Washington. Despite a series of fiascos with the city\u2019s bid since then \u2014 the group\u2019s failing to be transparent, announcing venues that were not verified with landlords and paying officials extravagant salaries \u2014 the U.S.O.C. has said officially that it is sticking with Boston.', u'But continued lackluster poll results could force the U.S.O.C. to back away from that pledge, even if it means that the United States, which has not hosted the Summer Games since 1996, has to drop out of the running altogether.', u'\u201cTime is passing, support is still slipping, and Massachusetts is 10 points under water,\u201d Mr. Koczela said. \u201cThis matters, as the U.S.O.C. and Boston 2024 decide how to spend the next few months.\u201d', u'Boston 2024, under pressure from Gov. Charlie Baker, a Republican who has been neutral on the bid, has said it plans to release an entirely revised plan by June 30 that addresses earlier problems and is more responsive to the concerns raised by residents.', u'These revolve chiefly around financing but also involve sites like the Olympic stadium and the athletes\u2019 village, as well as improvements to infrastructure, particularly the region\u2019s beleaguered mass transit system, and what preparations are made for a post-Olympics legacy.', u'Boston 2024 overhauled its leadership late last month. And it has already indicated that it plans to move some activities out of Boston. It announced last week, for example, that it was moving the Olympic sailing events to New Bedford from Boston Harbor.', u'This could prove a successful strategy. The WBUR poll showed that support for the Olympics increased if the venues were spread out across Massachusetts, rising to 51 percent in favor, and opposition dropping to 37 percent \u2014 better, but hardly the robust enthusiasm the I.O.C. likes to see.', u'In addition to hoping to win the U.S.O.C.\u2019s confidence by September, Boston 2024 is eager to increase its statewide support because the Olympics face a statewide referendum in 2016. Boston 2024 has said it would abandon its efforts if it could not win such a referendum. Even if it wins statewide, the group said it would drop the bid if it did not win a majority in Boston.', u'The WBUR poll released Wednesday interviewed 502 registered voters from June 4 to 6 and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus four percentage points.']), ([u'J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, a Top FIFA Official, Says He Authorized $10 Million Transfer'], [u'SAMARA, Russia \u2014  The secretary general of ', u' on Wednesday said that he had authorized a $10 million transfer at the heart of a bribery scandal involving soccer\u2019s governing body, but he maintained that he had done nothing wrong.', u'During a news conference alongside Russia\u2019s sports minister here, the FIFA official, J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, also said that the 2018 World Cup in Russia \u201cmust be protected\u201d and that bidding for the 2026 World Cup would be temporarily suspended because of the upheaval from the corruption allegations.', u' who American investigators say transferred $10 million to accounts controlled by a regional soccer official in the Caribbean. On June 1, Mr. Valcke said in an email to The New York Times that not only had he not authorized the payment, but he did not have the power to do so.', u'FIFA had sought to distance Mr. Valcke from the payment, saying in ', u' that \u201cneither the Secretary General J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke nor any other member of FIFA\u2019s senior management were involved in the initiation, approval and implementation of the above project,\u201d a reference to the soccer development fund in the Caribbean to which the $10 million had been pledged.', u'A letter addressed to Mr. Valcke from a South African soccer official about the payments then surfaced, a development that was quickly followed by ', u', the president of FIFA, that he would resign.', u'On Wednesday, Mr. Valcke confirmed that in 2008 he had signed off on what amounted to a $10 million transfer of FIFA funds on behalf of the South African organizing committee of the 2010 World Cup to a Caribbean Football Union account administered by ', u', the former FIFA vice president and one of 14 soccer officials and sports marketing executives who have been indicted by the United States for racketeering and other crimes.', u'American authorities say the $10 million, officially designated to help develop soccer in the Caribbean, was the delayed payment of a bribe for the support of Warner and others in the 2004 vote that saw South Africa\u2019s bid win the rights to host the 2010 World Cup. Mr. Valcke has not been indicted or named as a co-conspirator in the case, and on Wednesday he said he had not been questioned by the police.', u'Mr. Valcke said that the payment was presented legitimately and that to his knowledge it was not a bribe. In its statement last week, FIFA had said the payment was authorized by the chairman of the finance committee at the time, Julio Grondona. Mr Grondona died last year.', u'The American indictment does not say that the official referred to knew that the payment was being used as a bribe. If there was malfeasance, Mr. Valcke said, then responsibility does not lie with him, but with the regional soccer associations that should have tracked the use of the money.', u'\u201cWhy is this the fault of FIFA when the money is not FIFA\u2019s money, FIFA has no responsibility on this money, it is South Africa\u2019s money, and it was a gift to the African diaspora in the Caribbean,\u201d he said.', u'He said that the process was transparent and that he was \u201camazed that people are jumping on this today.\u201d', u'\u201cYou\u2019ve decided that, after Blatter, I\u2019m the head to be cut?\u201d he said.', u'In a separate announcement, FIFA on Wednesday scheduled elections on Dec. 16 to select a replacement for Mr. Blatter.', u'The investigations in the United States and Switzerland into bribery in the World Cup bidding process have raised the question of whether the 2018 World Cup in Russia and the 2022 World Cup in Qatar could be moved.', u'Mr. Blatter and Mr. Valcke have repeatedly dismissed the prospect, but the head of FIFA\u2019s audit and compliance committee, Domenico Scala, said that if evidence emerged that the hosting rights were awarded based on bribery, then the awards \u201c', u'\u201d by FIFA.', u'Mr. Valcke was in Russia for a meeting with the 2018 World Cup Organizing Committee. Samara, a city on the Volga River, is one of 11 sites designated to host the World Cup. Mr. Valcke said that overall planning for the event was on schedule.', u'Vitaly L. Mutko, Russia\u2019s sports minister, denounced what he described as a campaign to blacken the reputation of the World Cup, which he said was similar to critical reports in the foreign news media before the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. Mr. Mutko insisted there were \u201cno threats\u201d to Russia\u2019s hosting of the 2018 World Cup.', u'Despite calls in some quarters to re-examine the bidding for the 2018 World Cup, Russia\u2019s position seems secure. The country has already made a huge financial investment in preparing for the event, and a decision to strip the tournament from Russia would cause havoc on the field as well, because the UEFA qualifying draw for 2018 is set for next month.', u'If Russia were not to host the World Cup, the Russian team would have to go through the normal qualifying system, and it would be extremely difficult to alter that process once it has begun.', u'In addition, only a handful of countries could host the World Cup on such relatively short notice. Any attempt to place the World Cup with two of the most obvious candidates \u2014 the United States and England \u2014 would be strongly opposed by supporters of Mr. Blatter, who have accused the two countries of maneuvering to oust him as president and of seeking to take the tournament away from Russia and Qatar.', u'Mr. Valcke did say that bidding for the 2026 World Cup would be delayed \u2014 the vote was expected in May 2017 \u2014 adding that it would be \u201cnonsense\u201d to hold it in the midst of a scandal. But planning for Russia\u2019s World Cup would go on, he said.', u'\u201cWhatever is happening at FIFA,\u201d Mr. Valcke said, \u201cthe World Cup must be protected.\u201d']), ([u'Sweep, It Is: Gordon, Volquez Guide Royals Past Twins 7-2'], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  The Kansas City Royals reclaimed first place with a resounding three-game sweep on the road of division rival Minnesota.', u'The Twins were beaten so soundly, well, they lost their shirt.', u'One of them, at least.', u'Alex Gordon hit a three-run homer, Edinson Volquez struck out six batters over seven innings and the Kansas City Royals beat the Twins 7-2 on Wednesday, a night spiced up in the eighth inning by an ejection of Torii Hunter that prompted an equipment-throwing tantrum by the Minnesota star.', u'"You know what he\'s trying to do. He\'s trying to fire everybody up and get \'em going," Kansas City manager Ned Yost said. "They\'ve been in a little slow bat period themselves, and he\'s trying to get everybody fired up and get \'em going. It\'s a bit entertaining."', u"Hunter was heaved by home plate umpire Mark Ripperger for arguing a called third strike. Hunter had to be restrained briefly, before yanking off his elbow pad, shin guard and batting gloves and throwing them around the batter's box area.", u'Then Hunter ripped off his jersey and hurled that over the first-base line, before retreating to the dugout.', u'"We have bad days, all of us, as hitters, pitchers. Even umpires have bad days, and he had one," Hunter said.', u"Hunter has long been a fiery player, but his blow-up likely wouldn't have happened had the Twins not been swept at home for the first time this season. Manager Paul Molitor was given his first career ejection during the conflict, too.", u'Was that satisfying to see for the Royals, who arrived at Target Field on Monday trailing the Twins by one game in the American League Central?', u'"No, I find satisfaction in winning baseball games. To get out of town sweeping the series, it\'s a good feeling," Yost said.', u"The Twins scored 11 runs while stumbling to a 1-5 record on this home-stand. They hadn't been swept since the opening series of the season at Detroit.", u'Volquez (5-4) pitched the Royals to victory by reaching the seven-inning mark for only the second time in his last nine starts. He scattered seven singles, walking two.', u'"With our pitching staff, the way they\'ve done it the past three games makes our offense feel comfortable even though we\'re not scoring a lot of runs," Gordon said.', u"The Royals went 2-9 over an 11-game stretch until Sunday. Now they've won four in a row.", u'"You\'re going to have slumps throughout the season. It\'s how you respond to it," Gordon said. "We kept our heads up. It was frustrating at times, but we knew we were going to get out of it and play some better baseball, and that\'s what we\'re doing now."', u"Kyle Gibson (4-4) found a groove after Gordon's big hit, finishing six innings with six strikeouts while allowing five hits and two walks, but he had little help. Plouffe, whose triple in the seventh was Minnesota's only hit against Chris Young the night before, homered off Luke Hochevar in the eighth.", u'Gibson had a 2.03 ERA in the five previous starts of his career against the Royals, and he was in command again.', u'Except for that first inning.', u"Eric Hosmer's single drove in the first run. With two outs and a full count, Gibson left enough of a changeup over the plate for Gordon to drive it into the right-field seats for a 4-0 lead. The Royals stretched their lead with two of their three unearned runs in the seventh against J.R. Graham, including an RBI single by Mike Moustakas.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Kansas City: The Royals must decide on Thursday whether to keep Drew Butera or return Aaron Kratz as catcher Salvador Perez's backup, when Kratz's rehabilitation assignment for a foot injury expires.", u'Minnesota: Shortstop Jorge Polanco went 1 for 3 with a walk in his season debut and was charged with one of three errors by the Twins. He was returned to Double-A Chattanooga after the game. Outfielder Eddie Rosario is expected from paternity leave on Friday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Kansas City: The Royals start a three-game intrastate, interleague series against St. Louis after a day off. Yordano Ventura (3-5, 4.62 ERA) will pitch for the Royals on Friday, opposite Jaime Garcia (1-3, 2.67 ERA) of the Cardinals.', u'Minnesota: After an off day, the Twins travel to Texas for a three-game series. Tommy Milone (2-1, 4.55 ERA) will start on Friday for the Twins against fellow Wandy Rodriguez (3-2, 3.25 ERA) of the Rangers.']), ([u'Lightning Lose 2-1 to Blackhawks in Game 4 of Stanley Cup'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Andrei Vasilevskiy's surprise start in the Stanley Cup Final went quite well for Tampa Bay.", u'Unfortunately for the Lightning, Corey Crawford was even better.', u'Tampa Bay got another big goal from Alex Killorn and Steven Stamkos secured his first point of the final, but Crawford had 24 saves while leading the Chicago Blackhawks to a series-tying 2-1 victory in Game 4 on Wednesday night.', u'"We could have won every game so far, and that\'s what you want to give yourself the chance to do," Lightning defenseman Anton Stralman said. "You don\'t want to come back into the dressing room and say \'Man, we let this one slip.\' We don\'t have that feeling right now. We played some good hockey. Sometimes you play well and you don\'t get the results you want."', u'The 20-year-old Vasilevskiy became the sixth goaltender in NHL history to make his first career playoff start in the final, according to the Elias Sports Bureau. He had made just 19 appearances this season, counting the playoffs.', u'Vasilevskiy was barely tested early on, but he looked right at home while recording 17 saves, including 11 in the second period. He also replaced Ben Bishop in third period of Game 2 and made five stops while becoming the youngest goaltender to record a win in the final since a then 20-year-old Patrick Roy for Montreal against Calgary in 1986.', u'"It was my dream and for the first time, I think I was not bad," he said, referring to his first start on the NHL\'s biggest stage. "I can play better, but for the first time I think I was good."', u"It was 1-1 before Brandon Saad backhanded a bouncing puck through Vasilevskiy's legs at 6:22 of the third period. Patrick Kane got an assist on the play for his first point of the series.", u'"I was really pretty lucky," Saad said. "I just saw space going to the net, tried to drive and create some chaos. Goalie made a good play with poking the puck. Bounced around my feet. Finally found it to my stick."', u'The Lightning then made a big push for the tying goal, but Crawford helped Chicago withstand the heavy pressure in the frantic final moments. Stamkos had a prime opportunity deflected just wide by Blackhawks defenseman Brent Seabrook.', u'"It just seemed to be one of those nights where it just wasn\'t going in for us," Stamkos said. "No one said this was going to be easy."', u'Tampa Bay said starting goaltender Ben Bishop is day to day with an undisclosed injury. He appeared to be dealing with some sort of groin or leg problem while making 36 saves in a gutsy performance in Tampa Bay\'s 3-2 victory on Monday night. He participated in the morning skate on Wednesday, but coach Jon Cooper said they were in a "holding pattern" in terms of Bishop\'s availability.', u'Vasilevskiy then led the team out of the tunnel for warmups before the game, signaling he was the starter. Game 5 is Saturday in Florida.', u'"Bish is going to play again in this series, there\'s no question," Cooper said. "I just don\'t know which game."', u'Tampa Bay helped Vasilevskiy settle into his 14th career start by holding Chicago to just two shots on goal in the first period. Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville tried several different line combinations, but they struggled to put any sustained pressure on the speedy Lightning.', u'The pace of the game began to pick up in the second. Marcus Kruger and Patrick Sharp of the Blackhawks each hit the right post before captain Jonathan Toews swept in a loose puck from the left side for his career-best 10th goal of the playoffs.', u'It was the first time in the series that Chicago scored first. Toews had just one assist in the final coming into the night.', u'The Lightning then got a power-play opportunity when Seabrook was whistled for cross-checking, but the Blackhawks killed it off. Crawford had a glove save on Nikita Nesterov.', u'Tampa Bay kept pressuring Chicago, and it paid off when Valtteri Filppula made a slick pass from behind the net to Killorn for his ninth goal of the playoffs. Crawford lost track of the puck and Killorn was all alone in front for the easy score at 11:47 of the second period.', u"Stamkos also got an assist on the play. It was the captain's first point since Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals against the New York Rangers.", u'NOTES: The first four games of the final have been decided by one goal for the first time since Montreal swept St. Louis in 1968. ... The Lightning had won four consecutive road games. ... Killorn has eight goals and eight assists in his last 19 games. ... Actor Vince Vaughn, Chicago Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg, and Chicago Bears running back Matt Forte attended the game.', u'___']), ([u'Giants Hit 3 HRs Off Struggling Harvey in 8-5 Win Over Mets'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Brandon Belt hit one of San Francisco's three homers off a struggling Matt Harvey, and the Giants scored five times in the sixth inning of an 8-5 victory over the New York Mets on Wednesday night.", u'Buster Posey had three RBIs, including a two-run double off Harvey that tied the score in the sixth. Belt followed with a two-run shot, and Justin Maxwell added a long homer later in the inning to give San Francisco a 7-4 lead.', u"One night after they were held hitless by Giants rookie Chris Heston, the Mets handed Harvey a 4-2 lead. He couldn't hold it.", u'Nori Aoki matched a career high with four hits and Joe Panik added three for the Giants, including a two-run homer in the first on an 0-2 pitch.', u'The three homers allowed were a career high for Harvey, who is 1-3 with a 7.20 ERA in his last four starts. He has given up eight home runs since May 23, most of any pitcher in the majors during that span.', u'Harvey (6-4) gave up seven runs for the second time in four starts, matching his career high. He walked two and struck out a career-low two in six innings.', u'The star right-hander, who missed last season while recovering from Tommy John surgery, has allowed 18 earned runs over his last 18 innings. The five runs in the sixth were the most he has given up in one inning. He fell to 15-1 when the Mets score at least four runs for him.', u'Panik led off the sixth with a single. Angel Pagan followed with a walk and, after falling behind 0-2, Posey calmly stroked a fastball into right for tying double.', u'Posey came into the game batting .368 against Harvey.', u'Belt drove a changeup the other way to left-center for his eighth homer of the year, putting the Giants ahead 6-4.', u'Brandon Crawford was thrown out at third trying to stretch a double, and Matt Duffy flied out before Maxwell teed off for a shot to left.', u"Aoki led off the game with a single and scored on Panik's sixth home run.", u"The Mets wasted little time getting their offense started, scoring a pair of runs on three first-inning hits, punctuated by Wilmer Flores' two-run single off Tim Hudson (4-5).", u'Hudson allowed eight hits as he pitched into the sixth inning. With the victory, Hudson has alternated wins and losses over his last seven decisions.', u'Santiago Casilla closed for his 18th save in 21 opportunities.', u'Juan Lagares had an RBI triple in the eighth, and Eric Campbell and Lucas Duda had RBI singles for the Mets, who have dropped four of their last five games.', u"Flores led off the sixth with a double, chasing Hudson. But George Kontos struck out catcher Travis d'Arnaud, activated from the disabled  list before the game, and retired Lagares on a grounder. Campbell struck out to end the threat.", u"After missing 46 games with a broken pinkie, d'Arnaud doubled and scored two runs in his return to the lineup.", u'Posey added an RBI single off Hansel Robles in the ninth.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Giants: OF Gregor Blanco was placed on the seven-day concussion disabled list. The team recalled OF Jarrett Parker from Triple-A Sacramento. ... The Giants remained without All-Star outfielder Hunter Pence (wrist).', u"Mets: To make room for d'Arnaud, the Mets optioned infielder Danny Muno to Triple-A Las Vegas. ... Rookie C Kevin Plawecki (dizziness) was scheduled to undergo tests.", u'UP NEXT', u"Giants: Tim Lincecum (6-3, 3.29 ERA) has won his last six decisions against the Mets and is 2-0 with a 1.50 ERA in three career starts at Citi Field. He'll pitch Thursday night in the series finale.", u'Mets: Jonathon Niese (3-6, 4.43) has lost his last four decisions and is 1-3 in seven career games against the Giants, six starts, with a 2.98 ERA. Niese has never matched up against Lincecum.']), ([u'Blackhawks Edge Tampa Bay 2-1, Even Stanley Cup Final 2-2'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Brandon Saad drove the net and had the puck poked away by Andrei Vasilevskiy. When he somehow found it again, Saad gave it a desperate backhand whack that just happened to send it right between Vasilevskiy's moving pads.", u'Saad refused much credit for his tiebreaking goal in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final. He knows that a few fortunate bounces have been the only differences in four games between the Chicago Blackhawks and the Tampa Bay Lightning, who seem determined to take this championship series down to a fantastic finish.', u'Saad scored with 13:38 to play, and captain Jonathan Toews got his first goal of the series as the Blackhawks beat the Lightning and their rookie goalie 2-1 Wednesday night, knotting the Final at two games apiece.', u"The 22-year-old Saad's latest clutch goal was the offensive highlight of a gritty, defense-dominated night at the United Center. Corey Crawford and the 20-year-old Vasilevskiy, the Lightning's surprise starter, both had stellar moments before Saad beat his fellow youngster for the winner.", u'"I was really pretty lucky," Saad said. "I just saw space going to the net. Tried to drive and create some chaos. Just try to get some wood on it and get to the net, and it found a way in."', u'Chaos reigned again in the final minute for Crawford, who capped his 24 saves with a frantic last stand. Lightning captain Steven Stamkos had two golden chances to force overtime, but the Blackhawks survived.', u'Game 5 is Saturday night in Tampa.', u"The series is now a best-of-three, with Chicago needing at least one more win at Amalie Arena to secure its third Stanley Cup banner in six seasons. Tampa Bay has home-ice advantage, but a fraction of the Blackhawks' big-game credentials.", u'Despite their differences in experience, these teams are incredibly close: This is the first Final since 1968 in which each of the first four games was decided by one goal. Faced with the prospect of a 3-1 series deficit, the Blackhawks responded with championship grit.', u"Saad scored his eighth goal of the postseason \u2014 and his second in two games \u2014 with the same determination that has characterized the forward's short, prolific career.", u'"No matter what the situation is, whether we\'re down in a series or a hockey game, we tend to play our best when our backs are against the wall," Chicago\'s Patrick Kane said. "Not saying we had our best effort tonight, but we still found a way to win."', u'Alex Killorn scored in the second period for the Lightning, whose four-game road winning streak ended.', u'They got solid work and 17 saves from Vasilevskiy in place of Ben Bishop, the 53-game winner scratched with an undisclosed lower-body injury after hobbling through Game 3.', u"Vasilevskiy played well, but couldn't quite match Crawford, the 2013 Stanley Cup winner who regularly follows up poor stretches with big games for the Blackhawks.", u'"I can play under pressure," Vasilevskiy said. "For me, it\'s not something new. I was ready for pressure from fans and players."', u'Tampa Bay pummeled Crawford with multiple scoring chances in the final minute with Vasilevskiy pulled for an extra attacker, but the veteran stopped them all. He got help from Brent Seabrook, who deflected a point-blank shot by Stamkos, keeping him without a goal in the series.', u'"We\'re disappointed about the squandered chance tonight," Stamkos said. "I thought we deserved better. We\'ve just got to find a way to score more than one goal."', u"Vasilevskiy became the fourth-youngest goalie to start a Stanley Cup Final game in NHL history and the youngest since 20-year-old Patrick Roy in 1986. Bishop got hurt during Game 2 and left it twice in the waning minutes, but he played in Game 3 and participated in Wednesday's morning skate before the Lightning ruled him out.", u'"If you tell me we\'re going to come in and he\'s going to give up two goals, that\'s a hell of a job in my book," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "That kid gave us every chance to win the hockey game. We only scored one.... He showed at the pinnacle of the sport that he can play. That\'s a pretty big achievement for a 20-year-old."', u"Chicago didn't manage a shot on Vasilevskiy's net until 8:17 into the first period, finishing with just two shots in a tentative first period.", u"After putting two shots off Vasilevskiy's posts early in the second, Chicago finally scored when Vasilevskiy gave up a rebound of Marian Hossa's shot and Toews eventually slapped a loose puck under the goalie, who deflected it in for his 10th goal.", u'The Lightning answered five minutes later when Valtteri Filppula threaded a backward pass through two defenders and in front to Killorn for his ninth goal of the postseason.', u"NOTES: Stamkos ended his five-game scoring drought with an assist on Killorn's goal. Chicago's Patrick Kane also got his first point of the series with an assist on Saad's goal. ... Vasilevskiy's backup was Kristers Gudlevskis, the 22-year-old Latvian Olympian who spent this season in the AHL. He has just three games of NHL experience, none this season. ... D Johnny Oduya played for Chicago after apparently injuring his left arm in Game 3, while fellow D Kimmo Timonen returned to Chicago's lineup after sitting out the first three Final games. ... New Chicago Bulls coach Fred Hoiberg attended the game in a red Blackhawks hoodie."]), ([u'Hooper to Stay in Australia Until 2018'], [u'SYDNEY \u2014  Wallabies flanker Michael Hooper has signed a new contract with the Australian Rugby Union and the New South Wales Waratahs which will keep him at home until the end of the 2018 season.', u"The hard-running 23-year-old, who captained the Wallabies last season and has played 42 tests for his country, is a certainty to be in the Australia squad for this year's World Cup.", u'"The opportunity to play for my country is something I am very passionate about, and is a huge reason why I wanted to commit beyond my current term," he said in a news release.', u'"I am just stoked to be in this position. To be able to stay here in Australia allows me represent my country, state, club, and all of the people who have supported me since I began playing rugby.', u'"For me, that is what being a Wallaby is all about and the greatest honour we have as players. It is something we always cherish and never take for granted."', u'Michael Cheika, who is coaching the Wallabies and Waratahs this season, said he thought Hooper would get better and better as a player and a leader in the years ahead.', u'"Michael plays the game with the passion and intensity that we want the Wallabies to be known for," he said.', u'"I am very pleased for him, as I know he\'s worked extremely hard to put himself in this position and doesn\'t take his opportunities for granted."', u'(Reporting by Nick Mulvenney, editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Coghlan, Montero Homer as Cubs Pound Tigers 12-3'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  Chris Coghlan and Miguel Montero each hit a three-run homer, and the Chicago Cubs pounded the Detroit Tigers 12-3 on Wednesday night.', u'Jake Arrieta (6-4) shut out the Tigers until Yoenis Cespedes hit a three-run shot of his own in the sixth. The Cubs led 6-0 before that, and Chicago added six more runs in the seventh.', u"Shane Greene (4-6) allowed five runs and seven hits in three innings, another poor outing for the right-hander who looked so sharp at the beginning of the season. Greene allowed one earned run over his first three starts for the Tigers. Since then, he's posted an 8.60 ERA.", u'Arrieta gave up three runs and eight hits in six innings. He struck out eight and walked one.']), ([u'Seager Subs for Cruz, Hits Grand Slam, Mariners Beat Indians'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Kyle Seager, batting cleanup in place of ailing Nelson Cruz, hit a grand slam, doubled and drove in five runs to lead the Seattle Mariners past the Cleveland Indians 9-3 Wednesday night.', u'Cruz, who leads the American League with 18 home runs, missed the game because of back spasms. Seager helped Seattle win for the second straight day at Progressive Field after a 2-9 homestand.', u'The Mariners scored more than three runs for the first time since May 26, a span of a club-record 13 games.', u'Seager hit his second career grand slam, connecting in the third inning against Trevor Bauer (5-3). Seager added an RBI double in the seventh.', u'Taijuan Walker (3-6) allowed one run in six innings and beat the Indians for the second time in two weeks.', u'Cleveland lost its third straight and fell to 11-18 at home.', u'Bauer created his own trouble by walking the bases loaded in the third. Mike Zunino, batting .166, drew a leadoff walk before Austin Jackson and Robinson Cano walked with two away.', u'Pitching coach Mickey Callaway visited the mound, but Seager drove a 1-1 pitch to right-center. Bauer walked Seth Smith before retiring Mark Trumbo to finally end the 38-pitch inning.', u'Seager is batting .433 (26 for 60) in 15 career games at Progressive Field.', u"Logan Morrison extended his hitting streak to a career-high 16 games with a two-run double in the Mariners' fourth.", u'Walker, who struck out six, pitched eight shutout innings against the Indians on May 29 at Safeco Field.', u'Bauer gave up six runs, walked five and struck out five in 3 2-3 innings.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Mariners: Cruz plans to play in the series finale Thursday. It's likely he'll be the designated hitter. He left Tuesday's game when his back tightened up.", u'Indians: RHP Josh Tomlin (shoulder surgery) threw a bullpen session. He could begin a rehab assignment by the end of the month.', u'UP NEXT', u'Mariners: LHP J.A. Happ, who seeks to extend his nine-start unbeaten streak, is 2-0 in four career appearances against Cleveland. He allowed two runs in five innings in a no-decision on May 31 at Safeco Field.', u'Indians: RHP Shaun Marcum defeated Seattle on May 30 at Safeco Field, allowing two runs in 5 1-3 innings. He lost for the first time with the Indians on June 5 against Baltimore.']), ([u'Orioles, Chen Beat Red Sox 5-2'], [u"BALTIMORE \u2014  Adam Jones drove in a run and played exceptional defense behind left-hander Wei-Yin Chen, who earned his second win of the season Wednesday night in the Baltimore Orioles' 5-2 victory over the Boston Red Sox.", u'J.J. Hardy had two RBIs for the Orioles, who will attempt to complete a three-game sweep on Thursday night. Baltimore is 6-3 against Boston this season, 4-1 at home.', u'Jones, a four-time Gold Glove winner, threw out a runner from center field and made two fine catches. He also put Baltimore up 3-1 in the third with an RBI single.', u'Dustin Pedroia had two hits and scored twice for the last-place Red Sox, who have lost nine of their last 10 road games. David Ortiz did not play, mostly because of his .114 batting average against left-handed pitchers.', u'Chen (2-4) allowed two runs and seven hits in five-plus innings. He came in with just one win in his 11 previous starts despite carrying a solid 3.18 ERA.', u"Darren O'Day struck out four during two perfect innings to earn his second save.", u"Rick Porcello (4-6) gave up five runs and 10 hits over 5 1/3 innings in losing his fourth straight start. In three appearances against Baltimore this year, he's 0-2 with a 9.37 ERA.", u"The Orioles' outfield put on an impressive display of fielding in the second inning. Xander Bogaerts hit a liner off the wall that Jones snagged with his bare hand before throwing out the runner at second base. Pablo Sandoval followed with a single to left and was thrown out at second by Travis Snider. Jones then made a nice running catch of a liner by Mookie Betts.", u'In the bottom half, pull-hitter Chris Davis beat the shift with a bunt down the third-base line. Two outs later, Hardy hit an RBI double and scored on a single by Ryan Flaherty.', u'After Brock Holt got Boston to 2-1 with an RBI double in the third, Jones answered in the bottom half.', u'Jones showed his fielding prowess again in the fifth, racing to his left to track down a liner by Betts before making a diving catch at full extension.', u'Pedroia doubled and scored in the sixth before Baltimore used an RBI single by Snider and a sacrifice fly by Hardy to chase Porcello in the bottom half.', u'TRAINERS ROOM', u'Red Sox: RHP Justin Masterson (shoulder tendinitis) allowed one run and two hits over six innings in a rehab start for Triple-A Pawtucket.', u'Orioles: RHP Miguel Gonzalez appears headed to the DL with a right groin strain. At the worst, his scheduled start Sunday "is definitely in jeopardy," manager Buck Showalter said.', u'ON DECK', u"Red Sox: LHP Wade Miley starts Thursday night in the series finale. He's 0-1 with a 9.64 ERA in two career starts against Baltimore.", u'Orioles: Chris Tillman takes the mound as Baltimore seeks its first series sweep of the season.']), ([u"Australia Captain Clarke Refreshed After 'Tough Summer'"], [u'(Reuters) - Australia captain Michael Clarke had little time to reflect on a "tough summer" battling injury and grieving the death of his friend Phillip Hughes but took satisfaction in defying the doubters who thought him a spent force.', u'The 34-year-old batsman will lead Australia into the second test against West Indies in Kingston later on Friday, six months after thinking his career might be over in the wake of another injury to his problematic hamstring.', u"Clarke's comeback from surgery to help his team win a fifth World Cup triumph on home soil was a fairytale finish for his one-day career and a decisive answer to critics who had written him off as a physical and emotional wreck.", u"Though preparing Australia's bid to sweep West Indies 2-0 and retain the Ashes in England next month, Clarke looked back on a tumultuous period in his life when his grief for team mate Hughes and struggle for fitness played out in the full public glare.", u'"I think my main focus at the time was getting through the passing of Phillip and supporting his family as much as I could," Clarke told reporters in Jamaica.', u'"And then when I was doing that I guess I made the decision to have surgery on my hamstring to give myself any chance, in my opinion, of making it back to the World Cup.', u'"So I didn\'t get too many days to stop and reflect, which I think for me personally was probably a good thing.', u'"I just think when you lose someone close it\'s hard to not think about them but if you\'ve got something else on your mind, sometimes that can drive you. And that\'s probably the way I tried to use it.', u'"The fact that I was able to get myself fit for that World Cup, help the team make the final, help the team win the final, I was really proud of myself to be able to do that.', u'"I don\'t think there was too many people who thought I was going to make it. That was really satisfying.', u'"To get that result was icing on the cake for what was a tough summer off the field."', u'Clarke has played with a back condition throughout his career but said his body was feeling "outstanding" as he prepared for his 110th test.', u'"I\'ve had degeneration in my back for my whole career but I\'ve managed it," he added. "But since surgery I haven\'t felt my hamstring. Long may that continue."', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u'Longoria Homers in Return to Lineup, Rays Beat Angels 4-2'], [u'ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. \u2014  Evan Longoria homered and Erasmo Ramirez got help from four relievers in pitching the Tampa Bay Rays past the Los Angeles Angels 4-2 on Wednesday night.', u'Longoria, who started at third base after being held out of the lineup the previous three games due to a sore left wrist, put the Rays up 3-2 with a solo homer in the third inning off Jered Weaver (4-6). It was just his second home run in his last 28 games, and sixth this season.', u'Ramirez (5-2) gave up two runs and five hits over five innings in winning for the fifth time in six starts. Steve Geltz, Kevin Jepsen, Brad Boxberger and Jake McGee, who pitched the ninth for his first save, held the Angels to two hits over the final four innings.', u'Weaver allowed four runs and eight hits over 7 2-3 innings in falling to 4-1 in six starts at Tropicana Field.', u'Los Angeles has lost six of seven.', u'Asdrubal Cabrera made it 4-2 with an RBI double in the eighth.', u"Kevin Kiermaier had a run-scoring single in the Rays' two-run second. Nick Franklin scored the other run when third baseman Kyle Kubitza, playing in his first major league game, decided not to throw to first base on Joey Butler's two-out grounder and instead forced Kiermaier to retreat back to second, where he was thrown out.", u'The Angels tied it at 2 in the third on consecutive RBI singles by Erick Aybar and Mike Trout.', u"Kiermaier made a diving catch in center field on Albert Pujols' liner in the eighth. Pujols went 0 for 3 despite hitting the ball hard all three times.", u'Tampa Bay has held opponents to no more than two runs in 30 of 60 games this season.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Angels: 3B David Freese, who left late in Tuesday night's 8-2 win over the Rays, struck out as a pinch-hitter in the ninth. Manager Mike Scioscia hopes Freese might be able to play defense in a few days.", u'Rays: OF Desmond Jennings had arthroscopic surgery on his left knee. There is no timetable for his return.', u'UP NEXT', u'Angels RHP Garrett Richards (5-4), scheduled to start Thursday night, is coming off an outing Saturday in which he allowed a season-high six earned runs over two-thirds of an inning to the New York Yankees. He will face Rays RHP Alex Colome (3-2).']), ([u'Perez Throws 7 Strong Innings as Braves Top Padres 4-1'], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Rookie Williams Perez allowed only four hits in seven innings, Kelly Johnson returned from the disabled list with three hits and the Atlanta Braves beat the San Diego Padres 4-1 on Wednesday night.', u"Johnson had an RBI single in the second inning in his return after missing 24 games with a strained right oblique. Cameron Maybin drove in a run with two of Atlanta's 14 hits.", u'The only run allowed by Perez (2-0) was unearned. Making his fifth start, he matched his longest outing start while striking out five and walking two. He has allowed no more than one earned run in four of his five starts.', u"Cory Spangenberg had three hits, including two doubles. His fifth-inning double drove in the Padres' run.", u'Jim Johnson pitched a perfect ninth inning for his third save. Closer Jason Grilli was rested after pitching two straight days.', u"Former Braves outfielder Melvin Upton Jr., making his first start since coming off the disabled list Monday, was 0 for 4. He was robbed of a hit in the third on Johnson's diving catch in left field.", u"Johnson's second-inning single off Tyson Ross (3-6) drove in Nick Markakis, who slapped a single to left field to lead off the inning. A.J. Pierzynski, who had an infield hit, scored on Andrelton Simmons' single later in the inning.", u'Freddie Freeman hit into a double play with no outs and the bases loaded for a 3-0 lead in the third.', u'Ross allowed three runs on nine hits and two walks in six innings.', u'Before the game, the Padres optioned second baseman Jedd Gyorko to Triple-A El Paso and recalled right-hander Nick Vincent. Gyorko was hitting .210 with two homers and 11 RBIs and lost his starting job to Spangenberg.', u"Former President Jimmy Carter and wife Rosalynn sat near the Braves' dugout.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Padres: Padres manager Bud Black "there\'s a high probability" OF Wil Myers will come off the 15-day DL for Thursday\'s game. Myers has been out since May 11 with left wrist tendinitis. He was expected to join the team in Atlanta and be evaluated following Wednesday night\'s game. Myers was hitting .291 with five homers, 19 RBIs and three stolen bases, usually hitting leadoff and starting in center field.', u'Braves: To clear a spot for Johnson, OF Joey Terdoslavich was optioned to Triple-A Gwinnett one day after his pinch-hit homer gave Atlanta the lead in its 6-5 win over the Padres. Manager Fredi Gonzalez said Terdoslavich "took it really well" and can help the team off the bench later in the season.', u'UP NEXT', u"Padres: RHP Andrew Cashner, who gave up eight hits and seven runs in his last start at Cincinnati, will try to get on track against the Braves in Thursday's final game of the four-game series. Cashner (2-8) has allowed a combined 12 earned runs in his last two starts.", u'Braves: RHP Julio Teheran (4-2) will look for his first win since May 21. He has a loss and two no-decisions while allowing a combined 15 earned runs in his last three starts.']), ([u'Morton Remains Unbeaten as Pirates Top Brewers 2-0'], [u'PITTSBURGH \u2014  Charlie Morton scattered three hits in 7 1-3 innings to remain unbeaten in his return from hip surgery as the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Milwaukee Brewers 2-0 on Wednesday night.', u"Morton (4-0) struck out six and walked three to win his fourth straight start since coming off the disabled list last month. He didn't allow a hit until Aramis Ramirez led off the fifth with a single up the middle.", u'Pedro Alvarez hit his 10th homer of the season. Jordy Mercer and Jung Ho Kang added three hits apiece for the Pirates. Mark Melancon worked a perfect ninth for his 19th save.', u'Kyle Lohse (3-7) dropped his third consecutive decision while falling to 0-3 against Pittsburgh this season. He gave up an RBI single to Starling Marte in the first and a 438-foot homer to Alvarez leading off the second.', u'Milwaukee right fielder Ryan Braun went 0 for 2 before leaving in the top of the sixth with dizziness.']), ([u'Young Filipinos Box Clever to Emulate Pacquiao'], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Ed Picson can justifiably feel proud of his work at the Southeast Asian Games this week after the executive director of the Philippines amateur boxing board witnessed his 10-strong team of fighters all take home medals from Singapore.', u"Tasked with finding the archipelago's generation next, Picson was brimming with pride as his country's boxers cut a swathe through the region's best pugilists to top the medal table with five golds, three silvers and two bronzes.", u'"I am very happy with our performance this week," a beaming Picson told Reuters in the shadow of the Expo Hall grandstand where his nation\'s fans cheered on their favorite fighters.', u'"We brought 10 boxers here, mandated by the rules, that is six men and four women. Eight of them reached finals and the two that didn\'t will go home with bronze medals, so we couldn\'t ask for more.', u'"The SEA Games is very crucial when you experience the groundswell of support for athletes in this regional competition and it gives you a sense of being on the international stage," he added.', u'"It\'s very important for them to be exposed ... to be in such competitions with a high profile so that when we are in the bigger tournaments ahead they won\'t feel so anxious."', u'The name Manny Pacquiao is synonymous with boxing in the Philippines, the eight-weight division world champion having shaped the landscape of the sport in the country for almost two decades.', u'Picson believes it is a positive influence.', u'"Manny Pacquiao inspires everybody in the Philippines, especially boxers," he said.', u'"He\'s a member of our board, by the way, a director of the ABAP. He\'s very supportive, he talks about the boxers and talks to them whenever there\'s an opportunity and obviously the boys and girls look up to him.', u'"They are very proud that when we are in far flung countries like Uzbekistan or Mongolia and when they see us wearing Philippine jackets or shirts, invariably they address us as \'Pacquiao\'.', u'"Yes, they are big shoes to fill but we\'re proud of the association and we would like to be able to show him that he has inspired our boxers."', u'CREATING NAMES', u"One such boxer inspired by Pacquiao was welterweight gold medalist Eumir Felix Marcial, a junior world champion from 2011, who claimed a knockout victory with a devastating left hook to the jaw of Singapore's Jie Wei Tay in their bout.", u'The 19-year-old looks every inch a world class boxer in the making, his excellent ringcraft, balanced footwork, devastating power and southpaw stance ensuring he emulates his "idol" in more ways than simply their shared nationality.', u'"We are hoping our fighters can step up and create names for themselves in the international arena. This group we have is a very potent one," Picson added.', u'"Our average age is 23 and that includes three who are 28 or 29. But it is the young ones we are banking on to make a splash on the international scene. We are very optimistic and Marcial is one of those we expect a lot from."', u'Picson remains confident boxing in his homeland can withstand the rising popularity of ', u', believing those who start off in his sport tend to remain loyal.', u'"Boxing has been ingrained in the Filipino mindset for decades or maybe even centuries," he said.', u'"It has always been a sport Filipinos love and I don\'t think that the rise of MMA will affect it. As a general rule, people will start with boxing and hopefully, most of those who start with the sport will continue."', u'Picson hopes that the SEA Games success will now give his young fighters a platform to move on to bigger and better things but admits it can sometimes be difficult for up-and-coming athletes in the Philippines to gain recognition.', u'"Aside from Pacquiao, it\'s sad to say that other world ranked boxers did not get the attention they deserve. Hopefully, that will change because the usual process is \'win first then we support you\' but I think that is a backwards way of doing it," he added.', u'"You need to support those who are on the way up not those who are already there because they don\'t need it."', u'(Editing by Nick Mulvenney)']), ([u"Women's Soccer Draws Viewers, Fans as FIFA Scandal Simmers"], [u"VANCOUVER/WINNIPEG \u2014  Global television audiences for the Women's World Cup in Canada bounced sharply higher in the opening days of the tournament and merchandise flew off the shelves, underscoring the growing popularity of the beautiful game.", u"Some 3.3 million Americans tuned in to watch Team USA's opening win against Australia, FIFA said on Wednesday, three times the number who saw its opener in Germany four years ago.", u"In China, viewership nearly doubled for the country's first game while 16 percent more Japanese - 4.2 million - watched their defending champions beat Switzerland in the opener than watched them in the semifinals in the last tournament.", u'A showdown between France and England drew roughly 1.5 million viewers in each country, a third more French viewers than last time.', u"The figures, while far below the average official rating of 188.4 million viewers per game in the men's World Cup in Brazil last year, highlights the growing momentum in the women's game.", u"Women's soccer has played second fiddle to the more lucrative men's game but the bribery scandal surrounding FIFA, the sport's governing body, and hopes for a U.S. triumph close to home has spurred interest in a section of the sport less drenched in money.", u'"The reason people sponsor sport is to connect to the ideals of sport," said Wade Oosterman, president of BCE Inc, a major sponsor and parent of the event\'s broadcaster, Bell Media.', u'"It\'s the joy of the game, it\'s competition, it\'s integrity and fair play, it\'s all those positive attributes - and thank God the Women\'s World Cup represents those in spades."', u'U.S. prosecutors indicted nine current or former FIFA officials and five corporate executives on corruption charges on May 27.', u"As the scandal broke, the spotlight turned to the Women's World Cup as games got underway in five Canadian cities last week, bringing an unintended benefit to an overlooked sport.", u'More than 1.5 million fans are expected, nearly double that seen in Germany in 2011, which had fewer games, as tickets sell out.', u'LONG LINES', u'Overall more than 8.6 million Canadians have tuned into watch during the opening three days of the tournament, more than triple the 2011 audience.', u'On the ground, sports bars in New York and Los Angeles filled up for the first U.S. game, while lineups for merchandise at games in Edmonton and Winnipeg snaked hundreds of meters as fans stood for hours to get a t-shirt or hat.', u'"I have been 10 years in the business and every year it is growing," said Aftab Hadi, owner of Robson Sports, which sells licensed team sports jerseys, caps and scarves on Vancouver\u2019s main shopping street a few blocks from the soccer stadium.', u'"The Canada team shirt is the most popular selling item here. The ladies and youth sizes I had to re-order as it was sold."', u"Official Women's World Cup soccer balls, which cost C$159 each ($128) are almost sold out, he said.", u"The auspicious start for the U.S. team, ranked second by FIFA behind Germany, could help build support for the American women, much like the men's team did when they reached the knock-out stages of the World Cup finals in Brazil last year.", u"Even so, the attention paid to the women's game does not yet match the focus on men's soccer.", u"Joe Wendt, manager of a River City Sports store near Winnipeg's stadium, said Canadian women's soccer apparel has sold well during the tournament - but only about half as well as gear for men's teams usually does.", u'The store stocked a smaller amount of American merchandise earlier, but it quickly sold out, he said.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'(Additional reporting by Alastair Sharp in Toronto and Steve Keating in Edmonton; Writing by Alastair Sharp and Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u"Rivalries, Rankings and Olympics Offer Women's PGA Subplots"], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  Winning a major is its own reward, but rivalries, rankings and next year's Rio Olympics were also on the mind of contenders at the Women's PGA Championship starting on Thursday at Westchester Country Club.", u'World number one Lydia Ko of New Zealand zoomed to the top of the rankings at the tender age of 17 and the 18-year-old is gunning for her first major.', u'"We\'re just enjoying ourselves and trying to make as many birdies as we can," said Ko, who admitted it would be neat to get the golden putter given by her sponsor Callaway for winning a major.', u"U.S. Women's Open winner Michelle Wie has fallen out of form after a string of injuries and is determined to get back on track with an eye focused on Rio 2016.", u'The top four ranked U.S. players would qualify to play in the Olympic tournament, but Wie has slipped to 13th and is fifth best American on the list.', u'"That\'s my priority for the next two years, to make the team. I\'m going to do everything I can to do that," said Wie.', u'Cristie Kerr, a two-times major champion, said the Olympics was a focus for her too.', u'"I can\'t imagine a greater honor than playing for your country," said Kerr, who at number nine would currently make the team. "I\'m trying to focus on it but trying not to put so much pressure on myself that it\'s an unattainable goal.', u'"You have to break it down to every day, every hole, every shot. Try to do the best you can and just try not to throw shots away just because it could come down to that in the end."', u'World number two Park In-bee is looking to win this major for a third successive time and would reclaim world number one from South Korean-born Ko with a victory.', u'Park could see the championship coming down to a duel against a familiar rival.', u'"Obviously the United States and South Korea are the best women\'s golfing countries," said Park of the nations that have won 14 of the last 16 majors, with South Korea notching eight.', u'"Those two countries are always going to be having a rivalry.', u'"The United States and South Korea have the best players in the world in women\'s golf. So we are going to have a bit of a rivalry ... and that makes us work harder."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Zico Launches FIFA Presidency Bid Without Federation Backing'], [u'RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  Brazilian soccer great Zico formally declared his candidacy for the FIFA presidency on Wednesday but admitted there would probably need to be a change of rules in order to make his run viable.', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced last week he was standing down after the body was hit by a wave of corruption allegations that are still sending shockwaves around the footballing world.', u"Under FIFA's current statutes, however, candidates to succeed the Swiss in a ballot likely to take place later this year must have the support of federations from five countries affiliated to soccer's world governing body.", u'Zico said he does not yet have that backing.', u'The 62-year-old said UEFA boss Michel Platini had advised him to run for head of the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF) first but Zico said that was almost impossible as he did not have the required support of the eight state federations and five clubs.    "There\'s more chance of FIFA than the CBF," Zico told reporters in Rio de de Janeiro.', u'"The ideal thing would be here in Brazil but unfortunately the rules of the game do not favor outsiders."', u'Zico, one of the best players to have graced the game, has managed in Brazil, Japan, Turkey, Russia and Greece and was a former Sports Minister in his homeland.', u'(Reporting by Pedro Fonseca in Rio de Janeiro, Writing by Andrew Downie in; Sao Paulo.)']), ([u'Romo Has No Regrets About Comments on NFL Over Fantasy Event'], [u'IRVING, Texas \u2014  Tony Romo has no regrets about comments he has made about the NFL since the cancellation of a fantasy football-themed event where the Dallas Cowboys quarterback was to be a headliner.', u'But Romo refused Wednesday to elaborate on what he said during radio interviews the previous day.', u'"I said everything I was going to say. I said what I thought," said Romo, who wore a blue cap with an NFL logo while surrounded by reporters at his locker after the latest offseason practice.', u'The National Fantasy Football Convention event scheduled for next month in Las Vegas was canceled last week after the NFL reiterated a policy banning appearances associated with casinos.', u'During an interview Tuesday on ESPN Radio, Romo indicated that it could be an issue of money.', u'"We were just trying to get the fans to hang out with players," Romo said during the interview. "It seems like a no-brainer to me, especially because it really wasn\'t going to be something that I didn\'t think was going to break the NFL\'s heart money-wise."', u'Romo also said he was disappointed that the NFL waited until so close to the event before voicing its concerns.', u'Asked Wednesday if he had heard from anyone from the league office since his interviews, Romo responded, "No. I have not had any contact, before or after," and then smiled.', u'Romo was aware of a tweet with his picture sent from the NFL\'s verified account Tuesday that was quickly deleted. It was a picture of Romo waving at a practice, with the words "Hi Tony!" followed by two emoticons representing a hand waving back.', u'"Obviously when someone takes it down after nine minutes, it tells you probably all you need to know," Romo said.', u'Cowboys coach Jason Garrett said the Romo vs. the NFL episode "doesn\'t concern me one bit."', u'"If we have a conversation, it\'ll be a short one," the coach said when asked if he\'d talk to Romo about it.', u"There was no immediate response Wednesday to an email to a league spokesman about Romo's comments and the tweet.", u"NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy, however, told The Associated Press last weekend after the event's cancellation that the league's only concern was the location.", u'McCarthy told the Fort Worth Star-Telegram on Tuesday that the league only found out about the event two weeks ago.', u"Romo chuckled when asked if he was surprised to hear the NFL's claim that the league only recently found out about the event, which was announced in March.", u'There is plenty of time to know about plans for the next one. Romo said there will be a National Fantasy Football Convention next year in Los Angeles.', u'___']), ([u'Number One Ko Patient About Taking First Major Prize'], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  Lydia Ko is surprised that she is still the number one player in the women's game, but the 18-year-old from New Zealand has been shocking the golf world for years.", u'"When they said you\'re going to be world number one, I said, this could be like a one-week deal and I\'m back down again," Ko told reporters on the eve of the Women\'s PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club, the second major of the season.', u'Nearly 20 weeks on, seven-time LPGA winner Ko remains top of the hill.', u'"It\'s pretty amazing that I\'m still world number one right now," said the likeable teenager, who moved at age seven with her family from South Korea to New Zealand.', u'The amazing Ko was 17 in February when she vaulted into the top spot as the youngest golfer of any gender to assume the number one ranking.', u'She was 12 when she made the cut in her first professional tournament. At 14, she became the youngest winner of a pro event at the 2012 NSW Open in Australia.', u'At age 15, Ko became the youngest winner on the LPGA Tour with a victory at the 2012 Canadian Open.', u'All that is missing from her remarkable resume is a major championship, but Ko said she is in no hurry about it.', u"In fact, the unassuming, 5-foot-2 (1.57 m) Ko thinks talk about her winning a major will gratefully die down after her next birthday -- because of anticipation she could break Morgan Pressel's record as youngest women's major winner at age 18.", u'"Yeah, I think when I hit 19, I think that will be great, because obviously the record, Morgan\'s record. There\'s a lot more talk about this major-winning deal because there is that record."', u'That does not mean Ko is not looking forward to snaring a major before her announced plan to retire at age 30.', u'"I would just love to win a major some time from now and 12 years, just some time -- because Callaway (a sponsor), they give you a golden putter when you win a major, so I would love to keep one of those.', u'"But yeah, it doesn\'t need to be this week. It doesn\'t need to be the ', u'. I\'m just hoping it\'s just one time in my career."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Energized Simpson Raring to Go in Memphis'], [u"(Reuters) - Refreshed after a three-week break, former U.S. Open champion Webb Simpson is all set for Thursday's opening round at the FedEx St. Jude Classic in Memphis before he turns his attention to the season's second major that follows.", u'Simpson enjoys competing at the TPC Southwind and tied for third at the venue last year as he finished the St. Jude Classic in style with scores of 66, 69 and 66.', u'"I put together a good weekend and finally got some birdies there on the Sunday," the 29-year-old American told reporters about his strong finish 12 months ago. "It\'s always nice going to a major where you feel like you\'re in a good rhythm."', u'Simpson will be banking on more of the same this week before he heads off to the June 18-21 U.S. Open at Chambers Bay in Washington State.', u'He has certainly set himself up for a productive fortnight after taking a much-needed break from the U.S. circuit after sharing second place at the Wells Fargo Championship last month.', u'"It lets me get away from the game and refresh my body and come back hungry for the second half of the season," Simpson told The Commercial Appeal.', u'"I think that\'s been the hardest thing with the (season-long) FedExCup, pacing yourself throughout the year."', u'Winning the 2012 U.S. Open at the Olympic Club in San Francisco also helped a great deal, his first major victory earning him a five-year exemption to the Masters, British Open, PGA Championship and Players Championship.', u'"It was definitely a blessing to know what tournaments I was going to be in as opposed to waiting throughout the year to see how I played," said Simpson, who won the most recent of his four PGA Tour titles at the 2014 Shriners Hospitals for Children Open.', u'"I knew I was going to be in every big tournament for the next five years ... and it gave me confidence to feel I was one of the top players."', u"Now firmly established as one of the game's leading players, Simpson is among the pre-tournament favorites at the TPC Southwind where world number seven Dustin Johnson and 19th-ranked Phil Mickelson head the field.", u"Also competing is fellow American Ben Crane, who won last year's title by one shot for his fifth PGA Tour victory.", u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Larry Fine)']), ([u'Packers WR Jordy Nelson Catching Passes After Hip Surgery'], [u'GREEN BAY, Wis. \u2014  Staring intensely from the sideline, Green Bay Packers receiver Jordy Nelson hunched over at the hip with his hands on his knees while clutching a play sheet.', u'He has looked a lot like a coach during the offseason while he mends from hip surgery.', u'This week, Nelson is back doing what he does best \u2014 catching passes during field work.', u'It was the first time for Nelson since undergoing what the team and Pro Bowl receiver have characterized as a relatively minor procedure.', u'"We\'re right where we want to be," Nelson said Wednesday. "We set a plan at the beginning and we\'re hitting every target."', u'The ultimate goal is to be 100 percent when training camp starts in late July.', u'"I think Jordy\'s going to be fine once we get to training camp," coach Mike McCarthy said.', u"Still, it's noticeable whenever the hard-working Nelson, one of the league's top wideouts, isn't on the field. He led the Packers last season with 98 catches for 1,519 yards receiving and 13 touchdowns.", u"But Nelson isn't one to divulge much about injuries.", u'Asked if a practice closed to the media on Tuesday was his first time on the field, Nelson replied, "I believe so. That was the first practice of the week, right?', u'"Yeah, this week was the first time I\'ve done some of that, so we\'ve been progressing on our own inside and then just slowly integrating it out there in practice," he said.', u'A question about any soreness elicited a simple two-word response.', u'"Feel great," he answered.', u"It doesn't seem like there is anything to worry about.", u"There was Nelson lining up next to the Packers' other top receiving threat, Randall Cobb, and sprinting into routes on pass-catching drills.", u'It was back to the "Coach Nelson" look when Green Bay started practicing two-minute drives. The play sheet never left Nelson\'s hands.', u'"I told the coaches the other day that I\'m living the best life," Nelson joked. "I get to work out early, don\'t have to sit through all their meetings and then go down and coach and don\'t have to practice. It\'s a good life right now."', u'In reality, Nelson is a role model on the team for his professionalism, friendly personality and never-take-a-play-off work habits. The eighth-year receiver has been mentoring younger receivers during workouts.', u'Quarterback Aaron Rodgers and Nelson are "always thinking the same thing," second-year receiver Jeff Janis said, "so Jordy will kind of tell us what Aaron is thinking so we know what to expect."', u"Nelson's limited schedule does give younger receivers like Janis more opportunities to get snaps with Rodgers and the first team. The receiving corps is deep but young after Nelson and Cobb.", u'Davante Adams seems primed to play a bigger role on the offense going into his second season. McCarthy also likes what he has seen so far from Janis and Jared Abbrederis, a University of Wisconsin product who missed his rookie year last season with a knee injury.', u"Rookie Ty Montgomery, who was drafted out of Stanford in the third round, also seems like he'll be in the mix, especially given his potential as a return man.", u'"Ever since I\'ve been here, we\'ve been at our best when we\'ve been able to go four or five deep," Nelson said. "Hopefully through training camp guys will be battling, making plays and hopefully putting the guys upstairs in a tough situation on who to keep and how many to keep."', u"But it's Nelson, along with Cobb, who sets the tone in the receivers room.", u'___', u'Online:']), ([u'Pettersen, Defending Champ Park Lead Field in LPGA Major'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Suzann Pettersen is coming off a win in Canada with new coach Butch Harmon and looking for her third major title at the KPMG Women's PGA Championship.", u"She'll be paired with two-time defending champion Inbee Park and Lexi Thompson on Thursday at the Westchester Country Club. The tournament, run by the PGA of America for the first time, is the second of the LPGA Tour's five major championships.", u"Pettersen, who birdied the 17th hole Sunday to clinch her 15th LPGA Tour victory by one stroke, appreciates Harmon's coaching style.", u'"He\'s very current. He works with the best male players in the world," Pettersen said. "They all have different skills. I got to play a round of golf with Phil Mickelson, which was very inspirational for me. Got to kind of pick his brain about his short game."', u'Park has had a strong start this season and can return to No. 1 in the world if she wins this week. The South Korean is second on the tour in putting and leads in most rounds under par and top 10 finishes.', u'"You have to be accurate with the irons, and you have to putt really well," Park said of the West Course. "It\'s very slopey greens. You\'ve really got to be careful."', u"Park's play on the greens has improved since a recent change in putters.", u'"I\'ve been putting in the 20s quite a lot of times," said Park, who\'s won four of the last 11 majors. "That\'s where I want to be."', u'Top-ranked teenager Lydia Ko has won five times on the LPGA Tour since turning professional in 2013 and she won two as an amateur. But the 18-year-old from New Zealand has struggled this season and finished 27th on Sunday.', u'Stacy Lewis, the top-ranked American at No. 3, missed the cut in Canada. She tied for second in this event at the then-LPGA Championship in 2012 in Pittsford, New York.', u'Thompson, one of the longest hitters on the tour, said the 6,670-yard, par-73 course will be a challenge. The Westchester Country Club was the longtime home of the PGA Tour event now called The Barclays.', u'"I\'m definitely going to be bombing driver out there," said the 20-year-old Thompson, who won her first major at the 2014 Kraft Nabisco Championship. "But it\'s a great golf course, amazing layout, playing tough, even the par 3s are pretty long."', u"Here are some things to know about the KPMG Women's PGA Championship, which features a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women's golf. It will start under steamy conditions on Thursday, when temperatures are expected to reach 90 degrees.", u'KERR ON WCC: Cristie Kerr often plays at the Westchester Country Club, which was built in 1922. She calls it "a scenic, beautiful, tough-as-nails golf course. We are great players and it\'s great to be on a venue that has this much history to it. In the player dining, you look up and Seve (Balleseros\') picture is on the wall, Hale Irwin, all the greats. Then at the end there will be one female with the trophy up there, so that\'s really cool. That\'s groundbreaking."', u'BIG IMPACT: Brittany Lincicome rang the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday and the markets went down. That night, she threw out the first pitch at the New York Mets game and they were no-hit by rookie Chris Heston in a 5-0 loss to the San Francisco Giants.', u"MAJOR TITLES: World Golf Hall of Famer Juli Inkster (54), 2015 Hall of Fame inductee Laura Davies (51) and former No. 1 Yani Tseng (26) own a combined 16 major championships. Each have won two Women's PGA Championships. The threesome begins play Thursday afternoon. England's Charley Hull (19), the youngest to compete on a Solheim Cup Team, makes her debut in the event. The winner of the championship will receive $525,000.", u"ELITE PAIR: Park is trying to join elite company by winning the same major title three consecutive years. Only Annika Sorenstam (2003-2005, Women's PGA Championship) and Patty Berg (1937-39 Titleholders Championship) have accomplished that feat.", u'WIE\'S HIP: Michelle Wie has been slowed by bursitis in her left hip. Wie, who won her first major at the U.S. Women\'s Open last year, missed the cut in Canada. She\'s had just three rounds in the 60s this season and two top 25s. "I\'m feeling good," said Wie after rest and physical therapy. "So I\'m just trying to be patient and listen to my body."', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show that Petterson has 15 tour wins, not 16 and that Ko has five wins as a pro, two as amateur.']), ([u'St. Jude Classic Offers Up Final Test Before US Open'], [u'MEMPHIS, Tenn. \u2014  TPC Southwind looks nothing like Chambers Bay, leaving the St. Jude Classic to offer only that final chance at honing a swing or putting stroke under the mental pressure of competition.', u"That's more than enough for the likes of Dustin Johnson, Phil Mickelson, Retief Goosen and Graeme McDowell at a course where par is a good score.", u'"The fact that I\'m going to be out trying to focus on each shot, try to control my misses, hit good shots, make birdies and really try to get in contention, and that type of mental preparation can only really occur in competition," Mickelson said Wednesday after his practice round. "It\'s hard to replicate at home."', u'Mickelson is back here for the fifth time after finishing tied for second in 2013 and tied for 11th last year. Winless since the 2013 British Open, he tied for second at the Masters and tied for fourth at the Wells Fargo Championship. But he tied for 65th at Memorial last week and spent Monday and Tuesday trying to work on his game.', u'"I feel like it\'s not far away, so we\'ll see where it goes ...," Mickelson said. "I\'m going to try to get a little momentum heading into the ', u' next week, and hopefully I\'ll have a good tournament this week."', u'Steven Bowditch, who won the Byron Nelson two weeks ago, and Harris English are among those here hoping to play their way into the U.S. Open with possibly four spots available for those in the top 60 of the world rankings Sunday night.', u'Johnson, who won here in 2012, is the highest-ranked player at No. 7 in the world followed by Mickelson (No. 19) and Billy Horschel (20).', u'"I feel like the last couple years when I\'ve played here and I\'ve gone in to play at Merion, it\'s been a big help, getting used to that kind of mindset," Horschel said. "I\'m looking forward to a great week and then hopefully going to the U.S. Open and continuing the momentum that I carry from there."', u'McDowell added this event, sponsored by FedEx, late to help him prepare for the U.S. Open. After finishing in the top 11 in his final three tournaments in 2014, McDowell has struggled in 2015 missing two cuts with his best finish a tie for 26th at the Heritage. This course may be very different from Chambers Bay, but McDowell wants to be more competitive.', u'"Going into a major championship, obviously preparing and playing the golf course and having your game plan together is key, but being competitively sharp, feeling confident that you are playing well, those are just as important," McDowell said.', u'This is the ninth straight year this tournament has been slotted the week before the U.S. Open, and the course has played so much tougher since a renovation in 2004 cut par by a stroke to 70. The course was lengthened to 7,239 yards, and Bentgrass greens were replaced by Champion Bermuda.', u'Ben Crane is back defending his title for his 10th year at this event. Similar to a year ago, Crane has been working to improve his game and still is looking for his first Top 25 finish of the year after managing to avoid hip surgery. Crane is hoping for similar results after playing so well here in 2014.', u"He also can't wait to play with the TPC Southwind in the best shape he's ever seen.", u'"They\'ve done something to take a lot of the grain away, which I\'m OK with either way, but they\'ve done it and it\'s very light on the green," Crane said. "The greens are as good greens as we have putted all year. I would put these at or better than Augusta National. I mean these greens are incredible right now. Everything, fairways are in great shape. ... It\'s something to see."', u'Nobody has won a PGA Tour event, then followed up by winning the U.S. Open. McDowell only wants to play well after enjoying being with his family the past few months.', u'"If winning here this week meant that I wasn\'t going to perform next week, you know I might take that right now," said the 2010 U.S. Open champ. "I\'m really looking at it as a two-week journey trying to play as well as I can this week, then go over there and dissect the course and try and win another U.S. Open trophy."']), ([u'The Latest: Chicago Beats Tampa 2-1, Evens Final at 2-2'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Jonathan Toews and Brandon Saad scored, Corey Crawford withstood a furious barrage in the closing minute and the Chicago Blackhawks beat the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1 to tie the Stanley Cup Final at 2-2 on Wednesday night.', u'Toews scored his first goal of the series in the opening period. Saad broke a 1-1 tie in the third when he knocked in his own rebound and Crawford made it stand as time expired.', u'Game 5 is Saturday in Tampa, Florida.', u'The Lightning had a big opportunity at the end of the game, but Steven Stamkos fired wide from point blank range.', u'Andrei Vasilevskiy, a surprise starter in place of Ben Bishop, had 17 saves. The 20-year-old Vasilevskiy, making his first career playoff start with Bishop dealing with some sort of groin or leg injury, was sharp in net.', u"But Saad's goal at 6:22 was the difference.", u"He came in from the left side and got stopped by Vasilevskiy's stick. He then corralled the skittering puck and knocked it between the goalie's legs to put Chicago on top.", u"Tampa Bay outshot Chicago 25-19, but couldn't cash in against Crawford and went 0-4 on the power play.", u'___', u'8:54 p.m.', u"Tampa Bay's Alex Killorn scored on a slick feed from Valtteri Filppula behind the net, and the Lightning were tied 1-1 with the Chicago Blackhawks through two periods in Game 4.", u'Filppula faked as if he was going to take the puck out from behind the net. He was moving to his left, pulling three Blackhawks with him. He threw the puck back to his right and fed Killorn all alone on the edge of the left crease at 11:47. Chicago goalie Corey Crawford had no chance.', u"That came just 5:07 after Chicago's Jonathan Toews scored his first goal of the series.", u"The Blackhawks again were unable to sustain a lead. It's been an issue for them in the postseason, particularly in Game 3. They were leading 2-1 in that one after Brandon Saad scored early in the third, only to have Tampa Bay's Ondrej Palat tie it just 13 seconds later. The Lightning went on to win 3-2 on a late goal by Cedric Paquette.", u'___', u'8:26 p.m.', u'Chicago scores first in a tense, rugged Game 4.', u'Jonathan Toews broke through at 6:40 of the second period with his first goal of the series to give the Blackhawks a 1-0 lead.', u"After Patrick Sharp batted the puck in the air, Toews scooted in on the left side and knocked it off Andrei Vasilevskiy's pad and into the net.", u"The Blackhawks' captain was long overdue after being held to just one assist in the series.", u'The goal capped easily the best pressure by Chicago in a game Tampa had largely dominated.', u'Seconds earlier, Johnny Oduya unleashed a shot from the point that Marcus Kruger redirected off the left post with 14:33 remaining in the period. And right after that, Sharp had a breakaway but was denied by Vasilevskiy.', u"On the South Side of Chicago, where the White Sox are taking on the Houston Astros, a horn alerted the crowd to the Blackhawks' goal, prompting a loud round of cheers at U.S. Cellular Field.", u'___', u'8:09 p.m.', u'Andrei Vasilevskiy made a surprise start in goal for Tampa Bay, and the Lightning were locked in a scoreless tie with the Chicago Blackhawks after the first period in Game 4 of the Stanley Cup finals.', u'The Blackhawks, trying to tie the series, managed just two shots in against Vasilevskiy and neither came from stars Patrick Kane and Jonathan Toews. It was a big change from Game 3, when Chicago outshot Tampa Bay 19-7 in the first period but had to settle for a 1-1 tie because they missed some open nets.', u"Chicago's Corey Crawford made nine saves, including a point-blank stop against Tyler Johnson with 2:35 remaining. Crawford slid to his right to make the save, keeping it scoreless. Vasilevskiy had an easier time as his defenders formed a virtual wall when Chicago had the puck.", u'___', u'7:50 p.m.', u'The Blackhawks were just 2 of 8 on power plays in the series coming into the series and they could not take advantage after Jason Garrison got called for interference at 11:41.', u'Instead, Jonathan Toews got called for a high stick against Victor Hedman near the board a minute later, making it four on four.', u'Neither team mounted a major scoring threat.', u'___', u'7:36 p.m.', u'The Lightning are doing a good job protecting goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy so far after his surprise start in goal for Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final. The Blackhawks did not have a shot on goal through the first eight minutes and Tampa Bay had three blocked shots early.', u"In fact, there were just 2 combined shots in the first 7:16 \u2014 both by Tampa Bay \u2014 as the two teams played somewhat cautiously. Chicago didn't get its first shot until 8:17 from Patrick Sharp, and shots on goal were 6-1 Tampa Bay with 8:19 left in a scoreless game.", u'The Lightning lead the series 2-1.', u'___', u'7:05 p.m.', u'Something to look out for tonight \u2014 slow pucks and tricky bounces.', u'That could be an issue on a humid day when temperatures hit the 90s. They had dropped to the mid-70s by game time.', u'___', u'6:55 p.m.', u'Injured Blackhawks defenseman Michal Rozsival just pulled up at the United Center in a nice set of wheels \u2014 a brand new yellow Bentley. He had a walking cast on his left leg and walked up the stairs from the loading dock on crutches.', u'Rozsival broke his ankle in Game 4 of the second-round series against Minnesota.', u'___', u'6:50 p.m.', u'Andrei Vasilevskiy is the surprise starter in goal for the Tampa Bay Lightning for Game 4 of the Stanley Cup Final against the Chicago Blackhawks.', u'The 20-year-old Vasilevskiy is making his first career playoff start. He had made just 19 appearances this season, counting the postseason.', u'Ben Bishop appeared to dealing with some sort of groin or leg injury while making 36 saves in a gutsy performance in Tampa Bay\'s 3-2 victory on Monday night. He participated in the morning skate on Wednesday, but coach Jon Cooper said they were in a "holding pattern" in terms of if he could play.', u'Vasilevskiy then led the team out of the tunnel for warmups before the game, signaling he was the starter.', u'___', u'6:40 p.m.', u'The Lightning have been playing well on the road, and the Blackhawks have a history of playing better as series progress.', u"For Tampa Bay, it's been a remarkable turnaround after a subpar regular season in that area. The Lightning came into Wednesday's game with an 8-3 road record in the playoffs after going 18-16-7. They had won four straight away from home, beating the Blackhawks 3-2 in Game 3 on a late goal by Cedric Paquette to go up 2-1 in the series.", u"The Lightning are two wins shy of the Los Angeles Kings' NHL-record 10 road victories during their 2012 Stanley Cup run", u'But the Blackhawks also have an impressive trend going.', u'Since coach Joel Quenneville took over in October 2008, the Blackhawks are 30-30 in Games 1-3 of playoff series. But they have a 40-14 record in Games 4-7, according to STATS.', u'___', u'6:25 p.m.', u'Star watch: Actor Vince Vaughn and rock guitarist Tom Morello joined the NBCSN set outside the United Center before Game 4 to talk a little Blackhawks with former Chicago star Jeremy Roenick.', u'Vaughn was raised in Libertyville and Morello in Buffalo Grove \u2014 a pair of suburbs north of Chicago that are less than 10 miles apart.', u'Morello certainly got his due during the first two periods of the game: Excerpts from several Rage Against the Machine songs were played during stoppages in play. Vaughn was cheered when he was shown on the video screens hanging over the ice.', u'On Monday night, NASCAR driver Danica Patrick and Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan were on hand for Game 3. Both are also from Illinois.', u'___', u'6 p.m.', u'With his career winding down, Blackhawks defenseman Kimmo Timonen is getting another chance to play in a Stanley Cup Final.', u"The 16-year veteran was in the lineup for Wednesday night's Game 4 between Chicago and Tampa Bay for the first time since Game 5 of the Western Conference finals against Anaheim.", u'"Once you miss the last seven games and two weeks of hockey, it is not the perfect situation to jump in there," Timonen said. "But I\'ve been around a long time and I know what to expect. I\'m going to enjoy the moment. It is the best thing you can take. Keep it simple, but I want to be aggressive in my play and maybe I can help the team with making plays and play my own game."', u'Chicago acquired the 40-year-old Timonen in a trade with Philadelphia in February. But he missed much of the season while recovering from blood clots discovered in his leg and lungs last summer. He plans to retire after the postseason.', u'Timonen has played in five Olympics for Finland and will be appearing in his 103rd playoff game. One thing he has not done: Win the Stanley Cup.', u"He made it to the final in 2010 with Philadelphia and was on the ice when Chicago's Patrick Kane scored in overtime in Game 6, clinching the championship for Chicago.", u'Tampa Bay leads the best-of-seven series 2-1.', u'___', u'5:34 p.m.', u'Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper has apparently been eating well in Chicago \u2014 and on the cheap, too.', u'NBA Hall of Famer Charles Barkley picked up the tab for Cooper, his assistants and front office staff at Chicago Cut Steakhouse on Sunday, according to the Chicago Tribune. And actor Vince Vaughn did the same on Tuesday.', u'"They\'re all  just  random," Cooper said. "We\'ve added  a little tradition. We\'ve gone out as a staff. Other people in the restaurant that we see, those are just random meetings. But we\'ve gone out as a staff together in every single series. Maybe there\'s a little more notoriety because we\'re in the finals. Those are all just staff dinners."', u'The Tribune reported Barkley recommended the restaurant to Cooper and called to make the reservation. He had them bill the meal to his credit card. Vaughn, a Blackhawks fan, is apparently friends with Cooper and picked up the tab after spotting him at the restaurant.']), ([u'Yankees Lose Closer Andrew Miller to Forearm Injury'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  The New York Yankees' dominant bullpen took a big hit when the team announced closer Andrew Miller has a left forearm strain and will be placed on the 15-day disabled list.", u'Manager Joe Girardi revealed the injury Wednesday after a 5-4, 11-inning loss to the Washington Nationals, which ended a seven-game winning streak.', u'Miller told the Yankees about the injury Tuesday night but said he was feeling it for some time. He had an MRI Wednesday, which showed a slight strain in his flexor mass muscle.', u'Girardi said Miller will not throw for 10 days to two weeks.', u'"I think it was one of those things that was building," Miller said. "It hasn\'t been recovering quite like I wanted it to, so it\'s frustrating more than anything for me."', u'Dellin Betances will move into the ninth-inning role.', u'"You think about moving everyone back an inning in a sense, maybe mix and match a little more if you can," Girardi said.', u'Miller is perfect in 17 chances in his first season with the Yankees and has combined with Betances to form one of the most successful back-end duos in baseball.', u'Entering Wednesday, the Yankees were 28-1 leading after seven innings and 32-0 after eight. Betances has allowed just one earned run in 32 1-3 innings this season and Miller has yielded three earned runs in 26 1-3 innings.', u'"Joe said I\'m the closer for now," Betances said. "Everyone has to look forward to the challenge and try to get the job done."', u"Betances and left-hander Chasen Shreve weren't available for the afternoon game after pitching in Tuesday night's win.", u'"These guys had been used a lot so we just felt they we couldn\'t use them today," Girardi said.', u'Instead, Girardi made the unusual move in the eighth by going to 22-year-old left-hander Jacob Lindgren to face lefty swinging home run leader Bryce Harper. He got the Nationals star to fly out.', u'Girardi then kept the rookie in the game to face two right-handers. The second, Michael Taylor, hit a tying two-run homer.', u'"He made a mistake. He left the ball up and out over the plate," Girardi said. "That\'s not where he was trying to throw it but that happens, too."', u'Following the game, the Yankees optioned infielder Jose Pirela to Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre.', u'Denard Span, nursing a sore back, delivered the winning hit in the 11th, a chopper to second base off Chris Capuano (0-4).', u'"We need a win and we\'re ready to get on an airplane. So I just dug deep and tried to get to first," Span said.', u"Tyler Moore led off the 11th with a single and advanced on Jose Lobaton's sacrifice and Danny Espinosa's tapper back to the mound. Span then hit a high chopper up the middle. Second baseman Stephen Drew fielded the ball as he crossed second base but Span beat the one-hop throw for his third hit.", u"Blake Treinen (2-2) pitched two scoreless innings for the win, and Drew Storen was perfect in the 11th for his 19th save, tying St. Louis' Trevor Rosenthal for the NL lead.", u'Alex Rodriguez had a tiebreaking double to end a 0-for-11 drought in a four-run seventh that put New York up 4-2. Brendan Ryan, who came off the 60-day disabled list, had a one-out RBI triple to chase Gio Gonzalez after 6 1-3 sharp innings.', u"Brett Gardner's RBI double off Felipe Rivero tied the score 2-all, and Rodriguez and Brian McCann had run-scoring hits off Aaron Barrett. McCann's single bounced off second base and over a perfectly positioned fielder.", u"Nathan Eovaldi, remained winless in interleague play \u2014 he's 0-4 in 12 career starts. He yielded three runs and eight hits in seven-plus innings.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Yankees: RHP Ivan Nova (Tommy John surgery) was at Yankee Stadium before the game to throw a bullpen. He\'ll next make a rehab start for Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Saturday. Girardi said Nova should be able to throw 85-90 pitches. ... CF Jacoby Ellsbury (sprained knee) will make the road trip with New York then remain in Florida after the two-game series in Miami that ends Tuesday. Girardi said Ellsbury, on DL since May 20 will not play in rehab games "right away."', u'UP NEXT', u'Nationals: RHP Tanner Roark (2-2) faces the Brewers in Milwaukee and Matt Garza (4-7). Roark is 2-0 with a 3.78 ERA since moving back into the rotation. He was 15-10 as a starter last year.', u'Yankees: After an off day, the Yankees open a three-game series at Baltimore. RHP Michael Pineda (7-2) is set to start after his last turn in the rotation was skipped in order to manage his innings this year.']), ([u'Martinez, Cardinals Beat Rockies 4-2 to Avoid Series Sweep'], [u'DENVER \u2014  Carlos Martinez pitched efficiently into the seventh inning for a fifth straight start and Randal Grichuk hit a solo homer, helping the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Colorado Rockies 4-2 on Wednesday to avoid a series sweep.', u"Martinez (7-2) had a shutout until Ben Paulsen's two-run homer in the seventh. He gave up eight hits in 6 1-3 innings and tied a career-high with two singles at the plate. Martinez also scored a run to help the Cardinals salvage the final game of what's been a rough series.", u'St. Louis was outscored 15-6 in the opening two games and had slugger Matt Holliday go on the disabled list with a strained right quadriceps.', u'Chad Bettis (2-1) allowed three runs in five innings as the Rockies finished a 5-5 homestand.', u'Paulsen entered as a defensive replacement in the seventh for left fielder Brandon Barnes, who appeared to hurt a leg on a slide into second. Paulsen sent an 88 mph changeup from Martinez into the left-center seats to make it a 3-2 game.', u'Grichuk gave the Cardinals a little more cushion with a solo shot in the eighth.', u'Kevin Siegrist pitched 1 2-3 innings and struck out four, including the side in the eighth. Trevor Rosenthal threw a perfect ninth for his NL-leading 20th save in 21 chances.', u"Colorado was trying for its first sweep of the Cardinals since July 2010 but couldn't solve Martinez as he pitched his way out of jams. Colorado hit into inning-ending double plays in the fifth and sixth innings.", u'Martinez received some nifty glove work from second baseman Kolten Wong in the first with two outs and DJ LeMahieu on third. Wong made a diving snare in the outfield grass, got up and threw out Carlos Gonzalez by a step.', u'Martinez tapped gloves with his second baseman on the way into the dugout.', u'Relying on a fastball in the mid-90s, Martinez has allowed just three runs in 33 2/3 innings over his last five starts.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Cardinals: Manager Mike Matheny said the team will monitor the progress of Holliday\'s strained right quadriceps over the next few weeks. "He\'s impressive how he\'s able to bounce back, how his body handles certain injuries," Matheny said. ... RHP Lance Lynn went back to St. Louis for more tests after experience forearm tightness after his last start. Matheny said the team is still waiting to hear back. Lynn is slated to pitch Saturday.', u'Rockies: OF Corey Dickerson (plantar fasciitis) is to accompany the team to Miami and could come off the disabled list sometime during the series. Dickerson said his left foot "feels a lot better." ... Shortstop Troy Tulowitzki was given the day off.', u'Cardinals: The Cardinals have a day off after finishing up their road swing 4-3. LHP Jaime Garcia (1-3, 2.67) will take the mound Friday as the Cardinals host the Kansas City Royals.', u'Rockies: LHP Chris Rusin (2-0, 1.45) throws Thursday to start a four-game series in Miami. The Marlins went won two of three when they were recently in the Mile High City.']), ([u'Loew Annoyed by Squandered Chances, Klinsmann Delighted by Comeback'], [u'COLOGNE, Germany \u2014  Coach Joachim Loew was left fuming after Germany allowed the U.S. to come from a goal down to beat the World Cup champions at home for first time ever on Wednesday.', u'Germany dominated the first half, with Mario Goetze firing them ahead in the 12th minute, but the hosts wasted their chances to lose the match 2-1.', u"U.S. coach Juergen Klinsmann was, by contrast, delighted by the second straight comeback win over one of the world's top teams.", u'"The result is annoying," Loew told a news conference. "But considering everything -- such as our players being out of  training and match rhythm during the last few weeks -- we can live with it.', u'"I was extremely pleased with the first half, we had a lot of pace and there were lots of chances. But we should have been ahead by 2-0 or 3-0. If we had got ahead by three goals I don\'t think the U.S. would have come back."', u'Loew said that would be a lesson his team must learn going into their Euro qualifier on Saturday against Gibraltar as well as in key qualifier matches coming up later in the year.', u'"I think right now it\'s important that our players get a summer holiday," said Loew. "We\'ll be happy on Saturday once this season is wrapped up.', u"For Klinsmann, who led Germany from 2004 to 2006, the victory was a major boost ahead of next month's Gold Cup tournament.", u'"There were some matches this year that we should have won but gave up late goals -- against Denmark and Switzerland," he said, referring to a 3-2 friendly loss in Denmark and 1-1 draw in Zurich. "Now we\'re turning those around with late goals."', u'Klinsmann was especially pleased with the leadership of captain Michael Bradley, who kept the U.S. team steady during the Germany onslaught early on, and striker Bobby Wood.', u"Wood scored his second successive late match winner in the 88th minute on Wednesday. He also netted the winner in the 90th minute during last Friday's 4-3 win against the Netherlands.", u'"The leadership, especially by Bradley, was tremendous," said Klinsmann.', u'"He was absolutely the best player on the field. He played all over Europe and the players really looked at him and thought we\'re going to turn this slowly into the other direction. And it all shifted."', u'(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'LeBron, Cavs Fighting Fatigue, Injuries in NBA Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  His eyes were slits, barely open. LeBron James looked as if he could nod off at any second, drop his head on the table and take a much-deserved nap.', u'Carrying a team, along with the hopes of a city desperate for a championship is exhausting.', u'"Obviously, I\'m not getting much sleep," he said.', u'Or a lot of help.', u"Through sheer force and will, James is not only pushing the banged-up Cavaliers forward in these NBA Finals, he's piecing together an historic personal performance. Playing the way he has to, but not how he prefers, James has his team within two wins of a title that even he didn't think was likely when the season began.", u'Yet here are the Cavs, down two All-Stars, their fill-in point guard trying to re-hydrate himself after being hospitalized for dehydration and their best perimeter defender barely able to lift his left arm over his head, leading the Golden State Warriors 2-1 heading into Game 4 on Thursday night.', u'After scoring 40 points in Game 3, James didn\'t watch TV highlights of Cleveland\'s 96-91 win. Instead he popped on an episode of the Food Network show "Chopped" at 2:30 a.m. He claims to be unaware that he\'s doing something special.', u'"I know we\'re up 2-1. I know our team is fighting for our lives. We\'re undermanned. We\'re under-matched and we\'re fighting," he said. "That\'s all I know."', u"In three games, including two that went to overtime, James has scored 123 points, breaking Rick Barry's previous finals record of 122 set in 1967. He's scoring more because he's shooting more, forced to pick up the slack with Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love \u2014 the other two-thirds of Cleveland's Big 3 \u2014 recovering from surgeries.", u"The stats are eye-popping, but James' biggest contributions can't be found in the box score. He's dictating the tempo of each game either by milking the 24-second shot clock or attacking the rim when the moment's right.", u'"He\'s playing inside, outside, trying to get to the line, mixing it up a little bit," said Warriors guard Andre Iguodala, who has matched up against James. "He\'s trying to work it to his advantage."', u'James has had the upper hand so far, but the Warriors left the floor after Game 3 feeling encouraged. They rallied from a 20-point deficit and were within 1 point before the Cavs closed them out.', u"League MVP Stephen Curry made five 3-pointers and scored 17 in the fourth quarter, but had three costly turnovers that hindered Golden State's comeback.", u'The Cavs need to keep Curry corralled, and that job has belonged to guard Matthew Dellavedova. He scored 20 points but pushed himself too hard in Game 3 and wound up in the Cleveland Clinic being treated for severe cramping. Dellavedova was released from the hospital Wednesday in time to join his teammates for their film session and a light workout at Quicken Loans Arena.', u'He expects to be ready for Game 4.', u'"I told him I was going to limit his minutes," Cavs coach David Blatt said. "And he said, \'No, you\'re not.\' Delly\'s tank is low, but we\'re doing everything we can to fill it back up."', u"Dellavedova has blossomed into a cult hero in Cleveland, where fans have embraced his hustle and heart. He threw himself all over the floor for 38 minutes in Game 3, once diving over Cleveland's bench and into the second row of seats while trying to save the ball.", u'"Everything that he has, he lays out on the floor. I think he dove on the ground last night an NBA Finals record six times," James joked. "And he was on the ground again in the hospital, so you could say seven times."', u"James laughed when a reporter from Australia asked if he would be in favor of the government in his teammate's homeland knighting him.", u'Sir Delly?', u'"I\'m all for it," James said, cracking up. "Whatever that guy wants or needs, I\'m all for."', u"The Cavs also got positive news on guard Iman Shumpert, who bruised his left shoulder in Game 3 but didn't sustain any structural damage.", u'"I\'m all right, this isn\'t the regular season," Shumpert said. "It would take a lot for me not to play."', u"It remains to be seen if James can continue to play at his astounding level. At some point, physical and mental fatigue will wear him down, but two wins from a title he's not about to stop.", u'"It\'s been a difficult challenge," he said. "Being the sole leader of a team and franchise, it\'s taxing. But I accept the challenge. I accept it all."']), ([u'Galaxy Sign Irish Forward Keane to a Contract Extension'], [u'(Reuters) - Ireland captain and striker Robbie Keane has signed a contract extension with the LA Galaxy, the Major League Soccer (MLS) team announced on Wednesday.', u'Terms of the deal were not disclosed by the club.', u'Keane, 34, is the reigning MLS Most Valuable Player and has scored 55 goals in 91 appearances for the Galaxy since he joined the team from Tottenham Hotspur in 2011.', u'"We\'re very pleased Robbie will continue to be a member of the Galaxy in the coming years," Galaxy head coach and general manager Bruce Arena said in a statement.', u'"He has been one of the key pieces in our success over the past five seasons. We look forward to even more success with Robbie as a member of our team."', u'Keane scored 19 goals in 29 games last season to help the Galaxy win the MLS Cup for a fifth time. He also played a pivotal role during their successful championship runs in 2011 and 2012.', u"Capped 139 by his country, Keane is Ireland's all-time leading scorer with 65 international goals.", u'He has been a prolific scorer for several clubs after starting out at 17 with Wolverhampton Wanderers before joining Coventry City, Inter Milan, Leeds United, Liverpool and then the Spurs.', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Steve Keating)']), ([u"Women's World Cup Opens With Brilliance and Blowouts"], [u"(Reuters) - The Women's World Cup stopped to take a breath on Wednesday following an opening round of games that produced a little bit of everything, from tight matches to blowouts played in front of packed stands and near empty stadiums.", u'The month-long tournament which began on Saturday in Edmonton under the dark cloud of a FIFA bribery and corruption scandal got off to a brilliant start when Christine Sinclair scored in injury time to give the hosts a heart-stopping 1-0 win over China.', u'A record crowd for a Canadian international match of 53,058 was on hand to celebrate the victory and was joined by a record television audience of 1.8 million, but not everyone was feeling the joy of the World Cup party.', u'The Canadian Soccer Association announced on Monday that it had surpassed one million in ticket sales for the six venues across Canada but apparently not many were sold for the Group E opener between debutants Spain and Costa Rica that was played in a nearly vacant Montreal Olympic stadium', u'FIFA put the official attendance at 10,175 while local reports had the number at no more than 2,000 in a cavernous stadium built for the 1976 Montreal Olympics that provided a dreary backdrop for an occasionally entertaining 1-1 draw.', u'Overall, however, organizers had big smiles as World Cup fever began to catch hold in hockey-mad Canada, particularly in Winnipeg where thousands of American supporters flooded across the Manitoba/North Dakota border for the U.S. opener, which ended in a 3-1 win over Australia.', u'The arrival of the Americans in the Manitoba capital brought a genuine World Cup buzz that had been largely lacking in other cities as packs of face-painted fans dressed in outlandish red, white and blue costumes waved flags and chanted as they filled bars and restaurants in the days and hours before the match.', u'The second-ranked U.S. women have also commanded the sporting spotlight back home where fans have gathered in bars to watch the games on TV.', u"Broadcaster Fox Sports 1 attracted 3.3 million viewers to the game between the U.S. and Australia, more than three times higher than Team USA's first group stage match in 2011.", u'"The place erupts when they score goals," said Brian Mullin, bartender at the Cock \'n\' Bull British pub in Santa Monica near Los Angeles, where 100 people convened on Monday to watch the game.', u'Not all the opening games produced edge-of-your-seat excitement.', u'With the tournament growing from 16 to 24 teams, the difference in class was sometimes glaring and produced predictable mismatches, such as the 10-0 hammering by Germany, champions in 2003 and 2007, over African debutants Ivory Coast.', u'But blowouts were the exception with three of the first 12 games ending in draws and four others decided by a single goal.', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"Bob Baffert Planning to Get American Pharoah to Breeders' Cup"], [u"ARCADIA, Calif. \u2014  Bob Baffert's phone is ringing with calls from racetracks eager to have the trainer bring ", u' winner American Pharoah to their places.', u'It appears the early leaders in the sweepstakes are Monmouth Park in New Jersey and Saratoga in upstate New York.', u"In an interview with The Associated Press on Wednesday, Baffert singled out the $1 million Haskell Invitational on Aug. 2 at Monmouth and the $600,000 Jim Dandy Stakes at Saratoga on Aug. 1 as the likeliest options for the colt's next race.", u"But Baffert emphasized he isn't making any promises yet. If it turns out American Pharoah needs more time, he wants the flexibility to change plans.", u'"I wait for the horse to tip me off and I\'ll put him on a plane," the trainer said. "Let\'s say he was training and I was pointing to somewhere and I didn\'t like his last work, I\'ll wait. We don\'t know how much this has taken out of him. We won\'t know for a couple weeks."', u'Baffert wants to add 20 pounds to American Pharoah, who lost that amount leading up to the 1 \xbd-mile ', u", which he won by 5 \xbd lengths last weekend to become horse racing's 12th Triple Crown winner and the first in 37 years.", u'"When he comes back, I want him to really bring his fastball," Baffert said.', u'The Haskell and Jim Dandy are both run at 1 1/8 miles on the same weekend.', u'Baffert has won the Grade 1 Haskell a record seven times at the track on the Jersey shore. The Haskell purse is richer than the Grade 2 Jim Dandy and stallion contracts frequently include bonuses for Grade 1 victories.', u'Baffert has been an infrequent summer visitor to Saratoga over the years, preferring to run most of his horses at Del Mar north of San Diego.', u'As part of the conditions for the Haskell, Monmouth offers a $25,000 bonus to the trainer and owner for each Triple Crown race their horse has won, meaning Baffert and Ahmed Zayat could be in line for $75,000 each if American Pharoah runs. Saratoga offers no such incentives.', u"Even if the Triple Crown winner doesn't, it's likely Baffert would enter another of his high-profile horses, like Dortmund, in the Haskell.", u'The white-haired trainer who has won 12 Triple Crown races in his career described himself as "a last-minute guy."', u"For example, Baffert worked out Hoppertunity on Monday and called Churchill Downs to say he was entering the colt in Saturday's $500,000 Stephen Foster Handicap.", u"Now that he's got a Triple Crown winner in his barn, Baffert is feeling greater pressure to get American Pharoah's racing future right.", u'"I feel I owe it to the horse to pick the right spot for him to get him ready," he said. "I don\'t want to embarrass him. I\'m not going to embarrass him because somebody made some offer or whatever."', u'American Pharoah is due back in Southern California on June 18. He will resume training at Santa Anita, where his empty stall is awaiting him.', u'After the Belmont, the colt went from New York to Louisville, Kentucky, his home in between Triple Crown races. The track plans to parade him on Saturday night, when Baffert, jockey Victor Espinoza and Zayat will be presented with their ', u' trophies.', u'"We need to plan something out that\'s good for the horse to get him to the Breeders\' Cup," Baffert said. "That\'s the main goal."']), ([u"US College Players Dot Other Nations' Rosters at World Cup"], [u"Mariela Jacome was in Ecuador visiting her grandmother after wrapping up her first season at St. John's when her uncle suggested she should go kick the ball around with the country's national team.", u"Six months later, Jacome is playing for Ecuador at the Women's World Cup.", u'Jacome is among several current U.S. college players who are playing for other nations in the World Cup, which is being played over the next month in six Canadian cities. The final is set for July 5 in Vancouver, British Columbia.', u'Quite a summer break.', u"Ecuador is playing for the first time in the World Cup. La Tricolor, as the team is known, earned a spot in women's soccer's premier tournament by defeating Trinidad and Tobago in a two-leg playoff late last year before Jacome joined the team.", u"The Women's World Cup expanded this year to 24 teams, and eight are newcomers. Like the other rookie teams, La Tricolor isn't expected to go very far \u2014 they got blown out 6-0 by Cameroon in their group-stage opener on Monday \u2014 but Jacome is relishing the experience.", u'"I got tickets to the World Cup as a Christmas present and I was like, \'Oh my God, I got the best gift ever, I get to watch a World Cup game live,\'" she said. "Now I\'m playing in it. Absolutely insane."', u"Jacome, a forward/midfielder who hails from New York state, appeared in all 20 games for St. John's her freshman year, starting in one. After the season ended, she set off to Ecuador for winter break to visit her ailing grandmother. Jacome's late father was from Ecuador.", u"At her uncle's urging she ended up working out with Ecuador for three days, touching off a whirlwind of change over the next several months. Jacome signed up for online classes at St. John's for the next term and moved to Ecuador to train full time with the team. The deal was sealed when coach Vanessa Arauz put Jacome on her 23-player roster.", u'"Big change for freshman year," she joked. "It was a huge opportunity. After a three-day session to hear, \'We\'re considering you for the World Cup\' \u2014 that just doesn\'t happen. It was incredible."', u"St. John's coach Ian Stone called Jacome one of the hardest-working players he's ever coached.", u'"I was already really excited for the FIFA Women\'s World Cup in Canada; now to have one of our own student-athletes playing in it is remarkable," he said.', u"Mexico's roster has 12 players who have U.S. roots and several amateurs who currently play for college teams stateside, including defender Christina Murillo, a senior at Michigan.", u'Murillo, who redshirted last season so she could train with Mexico, has quite the "what I did over summer break" story to tell her friends come this fall.', u'"It\'s been a dream of mine since I was about 4 years old," said Murillo, who is from Ojai, California. "And I\'m excited to be able to come back to Michigan with more experience, and spread that experience to my teammates."', u'Mexico played Costa Rica to a 1-1 tie on Tuesday in its group-stage opener in Moncton, New Brunswick. Mexico is appearing in its third World Cup after qualifying in the CONCACAF championship in October.', u"Mexico's roster also includes the Perez sisters: Starting midfielder Veronica is a Washington alum and little sister Amanda is a junior midfielder for the Huskies. The sisters are Northern California natives.", u'"I just love soccer, so I\'m just like wherever I can play I\'ll go," Amanda Perez said. "I\'m having a great time."', u'Other college players include Alabama junior college transfer Celia Jimenez Delgado, who plays for her native Spain; Tennessee senior forward Hannah Wilkinson, who plays for her native New Zealand; Penn State senior captain Raquel Rodriguez, who was born in Costa Rica and plays for Costa Rica; and West Virginia juniors Kadeisha Buchanan and Ashley Lawrence, native Canadians who play for their country.', u"Jacome's appearance in the World Cup fulfills a promise she made to her father before he died in 2008.", u'"It was like eight months before he passed away and we were sitting in an indoor soccer field watching a team play," she said. "We were talking and he said to me, \'I want you to play at the highest level possible. You can do it.\' Flash forward like six years later and it\'s happening."']), ([u'Glendale Votes to Cancel Lease Deal With Coyotes'], [u"GLENDALE, Ariz. \u2014  The Glendale City Council has voted to end an arena lease agreement with the Arizona Coyotes, thrusting the franchise's future further into doubt.", u'The council voted 5-2 Wednesday night to end a 15-year, $225 million lease agreement signed by Glendale and IceArizona shortly after the team was purchased from the NHL in 2013.', u"Members who voted in favor of dissolving the deal cited a state statute that allows an agency to cancel a contract if an employee directly involved with the agreement becomes an employee or agent to the other party. At issue was the Coyotes' hiring of former city attorney Craig Tindall as general counsel in 2013.", u'The city of Glendale issued a statement before the meeting that it would be open to renegotiating the arena deal, a proposal the Coyotes flatly refused.', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show vote was 5-2, not 4-3.']), ([u"Wood's 87th-Minute Goal Lifts US to 2-1 Win at Germany"], [u'COLOGNE, Germany \u2014  Bobby Wood scored a late goal for the second time in six days to give the United States its first victory at a European soccer power, lifting the Americans to a 2-1 win at World Cup champion Germany in an exhibition game Wednesday.', u'The 22-year-old from Hawaii entered in the 74th minute and scored in the 87th, swiveling and taking a touch before a 23-yard shot that went on a hop past goalkeeper Ron-Robert Zieler.', u'Wood scored in the 90th minute Friday to give Americans a 4-3 win over the Netherlands in Amsterdam.', u'The U.S. had lost its previous two games against the Germans in Germany, 4-2 in 2002 and 4-1 in 2006.', u'Mario Goetze put the hosts ahead in the 12th minute, but Mix Diskerud tied the score in the 41st after trapping a precise long ball from Michael Bradley.', u'U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann, who sang both national anthems before kickoff, won against the country he led to the 1990 World Cup title as a player and coached to third place in 2006.']), ([u'Former Brazil Star Zico Wants to Run for FIFA President'], [u'RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  Former Brazil star Zico wants to run for the presidency of FIFA, even though he believes the odds are stacked against him being elected.', u'The 62-year-old former playmaker said Wednesday that "there\'s a possibility now for change."', u'FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation last week, amid separate investigations by the U.S. and Swiss authorities into alleged bribery and corruption involving the 2010, 2018 and 2022 World Cups.', u'"I would like to confirm this decision about the possibility of being a candidate in the next FIFA election," Zico told a news conference in his native Rio de Janeiro. "I feel capable of this."', u'But he added: "Of course, changes in the rules of the game would be necessary. Mainly because, with the rules in place now there isn\'t the slightest possibility (of being elected)."', u"FIFA said earlier Wednesday its executive committee would meet next month to choose an election date. All 209 FIFA member federations will vote for a new president, with the current favorite being Michel Platini, the head of Europe's governing body UEFA.", u'Potential candidates need the support of five national football associations in order to stand for election.', u'Zico criticized the long tenure of Blatter and his predecessor Brazilian Joao Havelange.', u'"I am 62 years old and I only remember two presidents of FIFA, Joao Havelange and Blatter," he said. "Only these two people in the world to rule over football? This is unacceptable."', u"A hugely gifted midfielder, Zico played in three World Cups \u2014 1978, 1982 and 1986 \u2014 but never won the trophy. He played at clubs in Brazil, Italy and Japan before going on to a coaching career in Turkey, Greece, Russia, Uzbekistan, the Middle East, India and Japan's national team.", u'Zico suggested that Marco Polo Del Nero, the president of the Brazilian Football Confederation, must have known about the alleged corruption linked to the arrest in Switzerland of his predecessor Jose Maria Marin.', u'Marin was one of seven top soccer officials arrested two weeks ago in connection with the growing bribery and corruption scandal surrounding FIFA. Zico said the two had spent all "this time (together) at the CBF."', u'"So I think this friendship did not end at the moment Marin was arrested in Switzerland."', u'Del Nero told a Brazilian congressional committee on Tuesday he would not resign. He refused and said he had not been charged with any crimes.', u'Del Nero and former CBF president Ricardo Teixeira are believed to be at the center of an on-going investigation by U.S. authorities and others probing illegal kickbacks, bribes and money-laundering.', u'___', u'AP video reporter Luiz Lopes contributed to this report']), ([u"Women's PGA Hits Another Goal With Leadership Summit"], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  The partnership between the LPGA and the PGA of America that forged this week's Women's PGA Championship aimed to raise the profile of a longstanding women's major.", u"With 156 players poised to start the season's second major on Thursday at renowned Westchester Country Club, $3.5 million in prize money and network television coverage in place, the former LPGA Championship looks to be on the ascent.", u'A parallel goal was met on Wednesday as the KPMG Leadership Summit brought together nearly 300 up-and-coming businesswomen for a day-long conference on how to rise in the corporate world.', u'"It\'s big and it\'s bold and I think it\'s fantastic," Hall of Fame golfer and businesswoman Annika Sorenstam told a news conference about the tournament and the summit.', u'"It\'s fantastic to put this event on this venue so close to the Big Apple ... I\'m very proud to just have a little part of it and certainly get inspired by the leaders who have spoken."', u'Sorenstam was one of some 16 speakers at the conference that included a segment called "Road to the C-Suite" that featured KPMG International chairman John Veihmeyer, Nasdaq president Adena Friedman, Gabby Parcella, head of Mellon Capital, and Thomson Reuters president and CEO Jim Smith.', u'Dr. Condoleezza Rice, the 66th U.S. Secretary of State, was concluding the conference with a one-hour "Fireside Chat" touching on a range of women\'s issues.', u'The conference provided practical tips about advancing in the business world as well as personal anecdotes about breaking the glass ceiling.', u'Lynn Doughtie, U.S. chairman and CEO elect of KPMG, summed up the message simply: "Be confident. You can do it. You can do anything that you set your mind to."', u'The young girls who were age-class winners in the Drive, Chip & Putt Championship at Augusta National on the eve of the Masters were invited to Westchester to see their role models in golf and future women leaders in business.', u'"We hope to inspire the young girls that sit in front of us to maybe sit up here with us one day," said former LPGA Tour player Suzy Whaley, now Secretary of the PGA of America and the first woman elected to office in the organization.', u'"To sit in Lynne\'s chair as the CEO of a company; same as Adena. To have them perhaps be the next Stacy Lewis," she added about the American world number three, who was also scheduled to address the conference.', u'"Just show them that the opportunities are endless for them within the game and within the business world."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Del Bosque to Play Versatile Vidal in Attack'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Spain coach Vicente del Bosque has earmarked Aleix Vidal as an attacking player rather than a fullback where he is likely to feature for new club Barcelona.', u'The reigning European Champions visit Belarus on Sunday in a Euro 2016 qualifier, after they host Costa Rica in a friendly on Thursday where Vidal, having been called up to the squad for the first time, could start.', u'"We brought him because we believed in him and as a forward player,\u201d Del Bosque told a news conference.', u'"I think that is where he usually was played by his coach and for me he is more of an attacking player than one who defends. We are hoping that he can stand out in that position.\u201d', u'It has been a memorable season for Vidal, who won the Europa League with Sevilla before agreeing a move to treble winners Barcelona.', u'At Sevilla he played mainly as a right winger but also performed well at fullback, which is more likely to be his role at Barca considering the competition for places in their attack.', u'He is set to compete with Dani Alves at right wing-back but will not be able to play until January 2016 due to a FIFA ban on bringing in new players for two transfer windows after breaking rules over the signing of foreign under-18s.', u"Del Bosque hopes Vidal can answer some of Spain's attacking problems with his team misfiring against top sides.", u"Since crashing out in the group stage of last year's World Cup, they have failed to beat any of the more dangerous international sides they have faced.", u'They have lost friendlies against France, Germany and the Netherlands and failed to score in all three games.', u'In Euro 2016 qualifying, they have 12 points in Group C from five games, three less than leaders Slovakia.', u'Del Bosque will look to try out ideas against Costa Rica before the Belarus clash.', u'"We have tried to look at areas of similarity between Costa Rica and Belarus so as to work on those aspects of their play,\u201d he said.', u'\u201cWe need also to build on our confidence and get a win but Costa Rica are a good team. If we are not fully focused then we will have problems.\u201d', u'(Editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'U.S. Stun Germany With Late Goal to Win 2-1'], [u'COLOGNE, Germany \u2014  The United States beat World Cup winners Germany 2-1 thanks to an 88th-minute goal from Bobby Wood in an entertaining international friendly on Wednesday.', u'Mario Goetze put Germany in front in the 12th minute, with the hosts dominating much of the first half but wasting a raft of chances.', u'Mix Diskerud got the equalizer against the run of play in the 41st minute for the Americans, who then controlled much of the second half.', u'After Wood made it 2-1, U.S. goalkeeper Brad Guzan deflected a Sami Khedira header over in stoppage time to ensure victory for the visitors.', u'"It was a happy ending for us, to win against the world\'s number one team," said U.S. coach Juergen Klinsmann.', u'"It\'s something special and the players are really pleased. It was a balanced match with chances on both sides. But I think we deserved to win it, It was an important step for us."', u'Germany coach Joachim Loew said his side lost their way after the restart.', u'"We lost our strength in the second half and the Americans were more intensive," he said.', u'"You could see that we weren\'t able to respond to that."', u"It was the third match in three years between the United States, coached by former Germany boss Klinsmann, and Germany and their coach Loew, who was Klinsmann's assistant from 2004 to 2006.", u'The United States won a friendly 4-3 in 2013 before Germany won their World Cup group match 1-0 in 2014.', u'The U.S., who are tuning up for the Gold Cup they are hosting next month, came from behind to beat Netherlands 4-3 in a friendly in Amsterdam on Friday. Germany play Gibraltar on Saturday in a Euro 2016 qualifier.', u'"I don\'t know what happened to us in the second half," said Germany captain Bastian Schweinsteiger. "The Americans had one good chance in the first half and scored. Obviously we wanted to win this. Something like this shouldn\'t happen to us."', u'Schweinsteiger also blamed a lack of fitness for the disappointing second half after Germany started brightly.', u'"We really wanted to win this match even though it was a friendly and it was important for us," said American Alfredo Morales, one of several players who have played for clubs in Germany. "We beat the World Cup winners. That\'s quite a statement."', u'(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Toby Davis)']), ([u'Warriors Confident of Another Comeback in the NBA Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  All things considered, the Golden State Warriors would rather have been golfing.', u"That's what some players did the last time they found themselves in this situation, when they were getting outmuscled and even outhustled, banged and beaten by a bigger team.", u"They couldn't get a tee time Wednesday. NBA Finals rules required the team to come to the arena for media obligations on the off day.", u'"So it\'s going to be dark by the time we get out of here," swingman Andre Iguodala said.', u'But just as they fought their way out of that situation against Memphis in the Western Conference semifinals, they believe they will overcome another 2-1 deficit now against Cleveland.', u'"We\'ll figure out our game and the adjustments we need to make as we watch film later today, and we\'ll be ready tomorrow to give our best effort," MVP Stephen Curry said. "I feel like we\'re pretty confident we can turn this around."', u"They've accomplished it before, against a team that did some of the same things the Cavaliers are doing now.", u'The Grizzlies, with big bodies inside, play a rugged style reminiscent of Eastern Conference basketball. They won Game 2 at Oracle Arena and came home to win Game 3 in that series, sending Golden State to the video room.', u"The Warriors didn't even go to the gym before Game 4 in Memphis, instead watching two hours of film in a hotel ballroom when the players weren't on the course. Coach Steve Kerr said they might've done the same thing Wednesday if they didn't have to report to Quicken Loans Arena, but planned to watch tape at some point.", u'"We will watch significant parts of it, but the similarity is there," Kerr said. "Physical team that slows it down, like Memphis did. Our frustration with our pace and tempo is there. So it\'s very similar and it\'s very helpful that we\'ve been through this process. Obviously, the personnel is different; the teams are different. But it\'s something we\'ve been through, and that is a positive that we can draw on that experience."', u'Golden State has averaged just 97.3 points in this series, even with two games going to overtime, after leading the NBA with 110 per game during the regular season. The Warriors were held to 90 and 89 in their back-to-back losses to the Grizzlies, then bounced back with 102.3 per game in running off three straight victories.', u'"We\'re down 2-1 on the road. Same sequence of games, win-loss-loss, so very similar situations," Curry said. "Obviously a different team, so you\'ve got to adjust accordingly. But the mission is we\'ve got to win Game 4. Go home with an even series and take it from there."', u'A better performance from Draymond Green would help. The runner-up for Defensive Player of the Year is shooting just 8 for 30 (27 percent) in the finals, missing seven of his eight 3-point attempts, and was treated Wednesday for back spasms. Kerr said Green was expected to play Thursday.', u'Green was animated Wednesday talking about the difference in the Warriors and Cavs thus far.', u'"They\'re playing like a team that\'s desperate and needs something. We\'re playing like a team that\'s not desperate and got something," he said.', u'If Green is limited, that could open additional minutes for David Lee, who came off the bench Tuesday after sitting out Games 1 and 2 and scored 13 points. Kerr and Warriors players said they expected Lee to have a bigger role going forward.', u'"Them saying it, and him playing, obviously gives us a heads-up," Cleveland coach David Blatt said. "But there are a lot of options on that team. They\'re a deep team and they can give you different looks."', u'Lee helped spark a Game 4 rally, though the biggest difference was Curry. The MVP finally got his shot to fall while scoring 17 points and making five 3-pointers in the fourth quarter, and the Warriors seemed to gain confidence from seeing him break out.', u'"I found a rhythm as the game went on," Curry said, "so I\'ll hopefully bottle up that second half and be ready to go to start the game in Game 4."', u'___']), ([u'Nike Replaces Adidas as Maker of NBA Uniforms, Signs Eight-Year Deal'], [u'(Reuters) - Nike Inc won an eight-year merchandising and marketing contract with the National Basketball Association, replacing Adidas as its exclusive apparel provider and making it the first athletic apparel company to have its logo appear on team uniforms.', u"Nike, which has had a marketing agreement with the NBA since 1992, will become the association's official on-court apparel provider beginning with the 2017-18 season, the company said on Wednesday.", u'Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.', u'The agreement gives Nike manufacturing rights for jerseys, as well as on-court warm-up clothing and shooting shirts.', u'Rival Adidas AG had said in March that it would not renew its contract with the NBA as it felt it would be better to invest money in new products and players.', u"Adidas has been the association's apparel partner since 2006 and its 11-year deal, worth about $400 million, expires at the end of the 2016-2017 season.", u"The new agreement also gives Nike, the world's largest footwear maker, a greater presence at Women's NBA events and makes it a marketing partner of the NBA Development League, the official minor league basketball association.", u'(Reporting by Ramkumar Iyer in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings)']), ([u"Boris Becker to Seek British Citizenship 'Eventually'"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Boris Becker says he enjoys living in Wimbledon so much that he's going to apply for British citizenship at some point in the future.", u'Interviewed on BBC television, the German six-time Grand Slam champion said Wednesday that he and his family "love Wimbledon a lot; people treat us with respect." He described the west London district and home of the tennis championships as his "professional home" for 30 years and "my private home for the last couple of years."', u'Asked if he would apply to become a British citizen, Becker says "eventually I\'m sure we\'ll ask for it."', u'Currently a coach for Novak Djokovic, Becker won the Wimbledon title three times \u2014 in 1985, 1986 and 1989. He also won two Australian Open titles and the 1989 ', u'.']), ([u'Fallen Giants Seek Return to Nations Cup'], [u'CAPE TOWN \u2014  Fallen giants Egypt and Nigeria begin their bids to return to the African Nations Cup finals with potentially easy assignments on the opening weekend of qualifying for the 2017 tournament.', u'Record winners Egypt, with seven previous triumphs including three in a row from 2006 to 2010, have missed out on the last three finals, but hope the appointment of Hector Cuper as coach will help provide a change of fortune.', u'The former Valencia and Inter Milan boss has selected a strong squad for Sunday\u2019s Group G match against Tanzania in Alexandria, which will be played behind closed doors due to a ban on football crowds in the country.', u'Egypt share the same group as Nigeria, who were 2013 Nations Cup winners, but did not qualify for the 2015 finals.    Stephen Keshi has returned as Nigeria coach and begins his new tenure at home to Chad on Saturday in Kaduna.', u'His decision to leave out Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel, after telling local reporters he wanted to give an opportunity to other players, maintains his reputation for making controversial decisions.', u'MOROCCO REPRIEVE', u'Morocco were supposed to host the last Nations Cup but pulled out because of fears over the Ebola virus and were handed a ban from the next two editions.', u'That was overturned, however, by the Court of Arbitration for Sport and Morocco host Libya in Agadir on Friday in Group F.', u'In nearby Casablanca, Guinea, who are banned from competing at home because of the threat of Ebola in their country, play against Swaziland on Friday in Group L.', u'Former France international Luis Fernandez has taken over as Guinea coach and is among 23 managerial appointments at African national teams in recent months.', u'All but two countries, Eritrea and Somalia, have entered the preliminaries of the competition in a record turnout for the Nations Cup, with 26 qualifiers taking place this weekend.', u'The winner of each of the 13 groups will qualify for the finals plus the two best runners-up and 2017 hosts Gabon.', u'Holders Ivory Coast play in Libreville on Sunday against Gabon, who are part of the qualifying process, but matches involving them in Group I will not count towards the final standings.', u'Five months after winning the 2015 finals in Equatorial Guinea, the Ivorians are without a permanent coach after Herve Renard quit to join French Ligue 1 club Lille, while midfielder Yaya Toure will also be absent.', u"Ghana, runners-up to the Ivorians in February, are expected to notch up a sizeable scoreline against Mauritius in Accra on Sunday in coach Avram Grant's first competitive home match in charge.", u'(Editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Beasley on US Roster for CONCACAF Gold Cup'], [u"MIAMI BEACH, Fla. \u2014  Houston Dynamo defender DaMarcus Beasley, who announced his retirement from the U.S. national team in December, was among 35 players on the Americans' preliminary roster for next year's CONCACAF Gold Cup that was announced Wednesday.", u'Beasley, a left back who turned 33 last month, last year became the first American to play in four World Cups.', u"Los Angeles Galaxy forward Alan Gordon, who also is 33, was another surprise inclusion on the roster. Gordon's only appearance for the national team was in October 2012, when he assisted on Eddie Johnson's tiebreaking 90th-minute goal in a World Cup qualifier at Antigua and Barbuda. Gordon was on the 2013 Gold Cup roster but did not appear in a match.", u'Toronto forward Jozy Altidore, sidelined since May 16 by a strained right hamstring, also was picked, but New England midfielder Jermaine Jones, who injured his left groin May 31, was not.', u"Stoke defender Geoff Cameron also was omitted along with midfielder Danny Williams, whose 88th-minute goal tied the score in Friday's 4-3 exhibition win at the Netherlands.", u'U.S. coach Jurgen Klinsmann did not include 18-year-old Arsenal midfielder Gedion Zelalem, who is with the American team at the Under-20 World Cup after receiving approval from FIFA to play for the U.S.', u'Each team must select 23 players from the 35 for its opening tournament roster, which will be announced June 23. Each nation that advances may replace six players after the group stage, with the replacements coming from among the original 35.', u'After an exhibition against Guatemala on July 3 at Nashville, Tennessee, the Americans open their title defense against Honduras four days later at Frisco, Texas. They play Haiti on July 10 at Foxborough, Massachusetts, and finish the first round three days later against Panama at Kansas City, Kansas.', u'If the Americans win the final July 26 at Philadelphia, they would earn a berth at the 2017 Confederations Cup in Russia. If another nation wins the Gold Cup, it would meet the U.S. in a playoff for the Confederations Cup berth.', u'The roster:', u'Goalkeepers: Brad Guzan (Aston Villa, England), Bill Hamid (D.C. United), Nick Rimando (Salt Lake), William Yarbrough (Leon, Mexico)', u'Defenders: Ventura Alvarado (America, Mexico), DaMarcus Beasley (Houston), Matt Besler (Kansas City), John Brooks (Hertha Berlin, Germany), Timmy Chandler (Eintracht Frankfurt, Germany), Brad Evans (Seattle), Greg Garza (Tijuana, Mexico), Omar Gonzalez (Los Angeles), Michael Orozco (Puebla, Mexico), Tim Ream (Bolton, England), Brek Shea (Orlando), DeAndre Yedlin (Tottenham, England)', u'Midfielders: Kyle Beckerman (Salt Lake), Alejandro Bedoya (Nantes, France), Michael Bradley (Toronto), Joe Corona (Tijuana, Mexico), Brad Davis (Houston), Mix Diskerud (New York City), Fabian Johnson (Borussia Moenchengladbach, Germany), Perry Kitchen (D.C. United), Alfredo Morales (Inglostadt, Germany), Lee Nguyen (New England), Gyasi Zardes (Los Angeles), Graham Zusi (Kansas City)', u'Forwards: Juan Agudelo (New England), Jozy Altidore (Toronto), Clint Dempsey (Seattle), Alan Gordon (Los Angeles), Aron Johannsson (AZ Alkmaar, Netherlands), Jordan Morris (Stanford), Chris Wondolowski (San Jose)']), ([u'De Jesus Homers Again as Reds Beat Phillies 5-2 for Sweep'], [u'CINCINNATI \u2014  Ivan De Jesus Jr. homered for the second time in three games, and the Cincinnati Reds swept the Philadelphia Phillies with a 5-2 victory on Wednesday after losing shortstop Zack Cozart to a knee injury.', u"Cozart twisted his right ankle and knee as he tried to beat out a grounder in the first inning. He crumpled to the ground, rolled on his back and grabbed the knee, wincing in pain. He didn't put any weight on the right leg as he was helped off the field and taken for an exam.", u'The Phillies fell to 7-23 away from Citizens Bank Park, their worst road record after 30 games since 1941. They have lost seven straight on the road \u2014 their worst such slump in two years \u2014 and have been swept three times in their last five series.']), ([u'FIFA to Hold New Election but Concerns It Under Old Rules'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  FIFA began the process of finding a replacement for outgoing president Sepp Blatter on Wednesday with the same system which has caused problems in the past.', u'In the race to become only the ninth president in the scandal-plagued federation\u2019s 111-year history, there is a big risk that once again it will be a question of who can promise the most development funds to the 209 member associations, many of them from smaller countries, who each hold one vote in the presidential election.', u'Blatter, who has said he will not be a candidate, had mastered the system in which his promises of equal distribution of funds earned him the majority of votes from Africa, Asia, Latin American and the Caribbean.', u'He won 133 votes as he beat Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein of Jordan to win a fifth term on May 29, only to lay down his mandate four days later as investigations by the U.S. and Swiss authorities into alleged bribery, money laundering and other corrupt practices continued to intensify.', u"The U.S. indicted nine current or former FIFA officials and five business executives only days before the last election. On Wednesday, Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General seized further data from FIFA as part of its probe.", u'"Eleven days ago, two thirds of the federations voted to maintain the old system of zero transparency and appalling levels of governance," said Jaimie Fuller, chairman of Swiss-based sportswear company SKINS and a campaigner for FIFA reform.    "The problem we have is not just the Sepp Blatter problem, it\'s the FIFA problem," he said, adding that any suggestion FIFA can reform itself is laughable.', u'Aside from the question of cleaning up the organization, other key questions facing soccer - such as the very weak state of professional soccer in many countries and how to stop match-fixing will unlikely be a focus of the election.', u"Among those who may stand are Prince Ali, Europe's soccer chief Michel Platini, and Chung Mong-joon, the billionaire scion of South Korea's Hyundai conglomerate.", u'FIFA announced on Wednesday that an extraordinary executive committee meeting will be held in July to discuss dates for the Congress where the new election will take place.', u'The committee must first decide on the deadline for candidates to formally declare their bids, which must be at least four months before the election. This opens the possibility of the election taking place possibly in December.', u'However, the rules governing the election will remain the same as they are enshrined in the FIFA statutes and can only be changed by Congress.', u'The president of the German Football Association (DFB) Wolfgang Niersbach announced a 10-point reform plan on Wednesday to clean up FIFA.', u'Niersbach suggested that bigger nations should have more votes than smaller ones, an idea that is likely to set the alarm bells ringing in other parts of the world.', u'"I am basically in favor of this democratic participation but I think  a certain weight of each vote based on the size and sporting relevance of the federations would be going in the right direction," said Niersbach.', u"The FIFA vote is a secret ballot, which means associations can promise a candidate their vote and then vote for someone else  without the candidate's knowledge.", u'Candidates may not be able to use the awarding of rights to host a World Cup as a bargaining tool unless there is any sign that pressure is building for either Russia or Qatar to have their rights for the 2018 and 2022 cups, respectively, taken away. The FBI and the Swiss authorities are investigating whether bribes were paid to gain support from executive committee members to win those rights.', u'FIFA said on Wednesday it was postponing the start of the bidding for the 2026 World Cup.', u'Anyone who considers throwing their hat into the ring for the presidency may want to listen to the words of former Portugal forward Luis Figo, who was a candidate last time around and pulled out of the race one week before the election.', u'"Over the past few months I have not only witnessed that desire (for change), I have witnessed consecutive incidents, all over the world, that should shame anyone who desires soccer to be free, clean and democratic,\u201d said Figo.', u'"I have seen with my own eyes federation presidents who, after one day comparing FIFA leaders to the devil, then go on stage and compare those same people with Jesus Christ. Nobody told me about this. I saw it with my own eyes."', u'(Reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Johnson, Truex Jr., Among Racers Testing at Darlington'], [u"DARLINGTON, S.C. \u2014  Martin Truex Jr. is not sure what he must do to keep up with the powerhouse teams of Sprint Cup or how long he'll continue to face questions about it.", u"Truex Jr. led the most laps at Kansas, Charlotte and Dover yet didn't win any of them. He finally broke through this past Sunday for victory at Pocono, ending a nearly two-year drought and all but locking him into NASCAR's championship chase.", u'Still, his first question at Darlington Raceway was what he was missing to consistently outrun Jimmie Johnson and Kevin Harvick. A surprised Truex answered back, "We just outran them."', u"Truex worked Wednesday to stay up front, taking part in a test session at Darlington Raceway before moving on to Michigan for this weekend's race for another chance to finish near the top. For Truex, the Pocono win was long overdue with how well he has performed this season.", u"He's had 13 top-10 finishes in 14 races this year and sits second in points, a prime position for the NASCAR playoffs even without the satisfying victory last week.", u'"Honestly, I think we\'ve got everything it takes to do what we need to do," Truex said. "We\'ve got to keep working hard. We\'ve got a lot of racing left before the chase even starts."', u'That\'s why Truex was back running laps at the track "Too Tough To Tame," where he finished on top again, leading drivers with a fast lap of 175.535 mph. Jamie McMurray was next at 174.646 mph and Kurt Busch was third at 174.196 mph.', u"It was the first time Sprint Cup competitors have run at Darlington since the Southern 500 in April 2014. This year's event was shuffled back to ", u' weekend after running in the spring the previous 10 seasons.', u'NASCAR had run the Southern 500 on Labor Day weekend from 1950 through 2003.', u'"The weather feels normal, that\'s for sure," said Trent Owens, crew chief for Aric Almirola of Richard Petty Motorsports.', u'Count on it being hot and slippery when the racers return in three months.', u'Clint Bowyer took part in a Goodyear Tire test session here Tuesday and stuck around for the open test. The veteran driver was practically giddy that Darlington was back to its gnarly, tire-chewing self after watching his tires wear down quickly on long test runs.', u"Darlington lost some of its fierceness after a 2008 surface repaving. But after what Bowyer's seen during the two test days, he's confident competitors will get the same, old, point the car and hope it sticks feeling going into turns one and two this September.", u'"This old place, let me tell you, it\'s back to the old Darlington of slipping and sliding around," he said. "It\'s back the way it needs to be to put on good racing."', u"Joining Truex and Bowyer at Wednesday's tests were Daytona 500 winner Joey Logano of Penske Racing, six-time Sprint Cup champion Jimmie Johnson of Hendrick Motorsports, Greg Biffle of Roush Fenway Racing, Kyle Busch of Joe Gibbs Racing and his brother, Kurt, of Stewart-Haas Racing.", u'Kyle Busch, back to fulltime racing for only a month after an accident at Daytona, ran the most test laps with 108.', u'Johnson, the winner at Dover two weeks ago, was eighth fastest at Darlington with a speed of 172.962 mph.', u'"A lot of good cars here so there\'s a lot of good comparisons and you know how you stack up against the competition," Bowyer said.', u'Aric Almirola said the work here will benefit his Richard Petty Motorsports team at Darlington and also in the rest of the remaining races in the regular season. The test "gives us a chance to run through different set ups and different ideas," he said.', u"One thing is certain: The Southern 500 move promises to make a fiery weekend \u2014 remember Harvick throwing a punch into Kyle Busch's car in 2011? \u2014 even more competitive as the next-to-last race before NASCAR's championship chase.", u"Tempers routinely sparked at Darlington on Mother's Day weekend, so imagine what might happen with playoff chances on the line.", u'Almirola already sees it unfolding.', u'"Darlington always brings out the best is us drivers as far as tempers flaring," he said. "It\'s such a challenging race track. It\'s a draining race track, not just physically, but mentally just trying to keep that focus."']), ([u'Fervor Surrounding LeBron Reaches Fever Pitch in Cleveland'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James is closing in on what would be the greatest feat of an already storied NBA career after putting his Cleveland Cavaliers in position to end a half century of heartbreak for the city.', u'Five years after he was vilified in Cleveland for leaving the team for Miami in pursuit of championships, James has the Cavaliers two wins away from an upset victory over the top-seeded Golden State Warriors in the best-of-seven NBA Finals.', u'"It was a bitter moment when I left the first time, but it\'s a sweet moment here now that I\'m back," James told reporters on Wednesday a day before the Cavaliers host a pivotal Game Four.', u'"Both sides had an opportunity to kind of miss each other, and they say if it\'s worth having and it\'s supposed to be there, then it will always come back."', u'When James, who grew up in nearby Akron, Ohio, infamously announced in 2010 that he was leaving the Cavaliers after seven years to sign with the Miami Heat, a 10-story-tall mural of him was promptly removed.', u"The image of James, his arms outstretched and head thrown back after doing his pregame powder toss, had dominated the Northeastern Ohio city's skyline for years.", u'His decision to bolt for sunny Miami resulted in an immediate backlash as James was cast as a villain in a city that had once revered him.', u'Cavaliers supporters immediately took to the streets after James announced his plans on primetime TV, many burning his replica No. 23 jersey and throwing rocks at the giant billboard.', u'HOSTILE CROWD', u'And when James played his first game back in Cleveland as a member of the opposition, he was booed heartily throughout by a hostile crowd while he led his team to a blowout win.', u'But after winning two championships with Miami in four consecutive trips to the NBA Finals, James felt a responsibility to be a leader, not just on the court but back in his home state.', u'"My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball," James said last year in announcing his return to the Cavaliers. "I didn\'t realize that four years ago. I do now."', u'Fans immediately embraced him and a new image of him now hangs in the same place as the old one, this one showing James from behind, again extending his arms outward as a puff of white powder lingers in the air. "Cleveland" is boldly displayed on the back of his jersey.', u'James has carried a relative cast of unknowns throughout the playoffs after injuries to a pair of key team mates, throwing aside his usual desire to be the most efficient player for one who is playing outside the box with a win-at-all-costs style.', u'His dominance on the court has the Cavaliers on the cusp of a maiden championship and the city drooling over the prospect of celebrating its first title since the 1964 Cleveland Browns of the National Football League.', u'"I\'m happy to be back. I know the fans are excited and exuberant about me being back," James, an 11-time NBA All-Star, said after practice.', u'"Not only just about me, this team, putting this team back in the position where they can compete and have something to talk about from our side, the basketball side.', u'"And it\'s been pretty cool so far."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Hinchcliffe Has No Memory of Life-Saving Efforts After Crash'], [u'CHARLOTTE, N.C. \u2014  With his trademark self-deprecating humor, James Hinchcliffe jokes that he received "a complete oil change" after his accident during preparations for the Indianapolis 500.', u"All kidding aside, the IndyCar driver recognizes he's lucky to be alive.", u"Hinchcliffe suffered a life-threatening leg injury May 18 when a piece of his suspension broke during a crash and pierced his leg. IndyCar's safety crew had to act quickly to extract him from the car and pump him with more than 14 points of blood as they raced him in an ambulance to an Indianapolis hospital.", u'Hinchcliffe, who was in critical condition when he was rushed into emergency surgery, said Wednesday he has no memory of the race to save his life.', u'"I\'m not sure if it\'s some sort of defense mechanism or biology taking over \u2014 despite being conscious throughout the whole process, I have mercifully been spared any memory of the accident whatsoever," he said. "Even the first couple days at the hospital are a bit of a blur. I remember waking up in ICU, knowing that obviously I\'d had an accident, that I was somewhere I probably shouldn\'t be."', u'It wasn\'t until he\'d been moved from ICU several days later and family remembers recounted their experiences from that day that Hinchcliffe realized "just how serious the injuries were and how very close it was to being a different story.', u'"That was a first time I had an appreciation of the severity of the situation," he said.', u"He's watched the video multiple times of the wreck, which began with a spin that led to a hard crash into the Indianapolis Motor Speedway wall. Many observers have said if not for a steel-and-foam energy absorbing wall, Hinchcliffe would not have survived that initial impact.", u'"It\'s fascinating and terrifying all at the same time," he said. "I still have a lot of questions about the day because I don\'t remember it. I\'m the luckiest unlucky guy."', u'Hinchcliffe was not hurt in the collision, which ripped off one side of his car and sent his Honda into a lazy spin that briefly caused the car to turn on its side. His injuries came from a piece of the suspension that went through his upper left thigh and caused massive blood loss. He also suffered a fractured pelvis.', u"When the safety crew arrived, they had to act quickly to first extract Hinchcliffe from the car and also stop the bleeding.  Hinchcliffe has credited IndyCar's use of a traveling safety crew for recognizing his injury and knowing immediately how to keep him alive while transporting him to IU Health Methodist Hospital in Indianapolis.", u'"You know, me and my family have literally everything to thank them for," said Hinchcliffe, who believes the safety crew saw the blood pooling at the bottom of his race car and knew exactly what to do.', u'"Having an understanding of racing, having an understanding of the kind of injuries that can happen in a racecar, it gives them such a leg up.  You know, you can have the best surgeon in the world, but if he doesn\'t have a grasp of what could potentially be wrong, it\'s going to take him that much longer to really diagnose the problem. In a situation like mine, there wasn\'t any longer to diagnose the problem.', u'"It is no doubt in my mind a contributing factor to me surviving that accident, was not only having a safety team there, but one with the kind of skills and experience these guys have."', u"Hinchcliffe, who was released from the hospital May 26, doesn't know when he'll race again. Although the Canadian wants to attend this weekend's race in Toronto, he wasn't sure Wednesday he could get the doctor approval to travel.", u"For now, he just works on walking a little more each day, and said his high so far was 4,000 steps in one day. He's able to use an elliptical machine a bit, but exercise has not been approved.", u"Still, he said doctors believe his recovery is on schedule. He'll need one more surgery, and learned Wednesday it could be scheduled in the next four to six weeks.", u'"The pain level has been going down every single day. I\'m almost completely off pain medication now, which is great," he said. "There\'s some other things that have to happen, some other bits that have to heal before we can schedule (surgery), but based on the progress we\'ve seen on those areas, the doctor\'s confident that within the next four to six weeks we should be able to schedule that surgery.', u'"Then it should be another four to six weeks before I\'m kind of back to the gym and really getting back into a full training regimen."']), ([u'Blue Jays Beat Marlins 7-2 for 8th Straight Win'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  Justin Smoak hit one of four Blue Jays homers, Scott Copeland won in his first major league start and Toronto beat the Miami Marlins 7-2 Wednesday to extend its winning streak to eight.', u'Josh Donaldson, Russell Martin and Jose Reyes also connected for the Blue Jays (31-30), who moved above .500 for the first time since May 19 (16-15). Toronto is on its longest winning run since a nine-game streak from May 20-28 last year.', u'Copeland (1-0), a 27-year-old right-hander who made his big league debut in relief on May 2, started in place of Aaron Sanchez, who was skipped because of general soreness. Copeland allowed one run and six hits in seven innings, struck out four and walked none.', u'Smoak and Martin hit consecutive homers in the fourth off Tom Koehler (4-4), who allowed six runs and eight hits in 6 2-3 innings and lost for the first time since May 6 at Washington.']), ([u'Cavs Get Boost as Dellavedova, Shumpert Expected to Play'], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  The banged-up Cleveland Cavaliers got some positive news on Wednesday as Matthew Dellavedova and Iman Shumpert are expected to be fit for Thursday's pivotal Game Four of the NBA Finals.", u"Feisty Dellavedova spent the night in hospital where he was treated for dehydration following Tuesday's hard-fought win over the Golden State Warriors while Shumpert, one of the team's top defenders, suffered a shoulder injury.", u'"Delly, obviously, suffered from some fatigue," Cavaliers head coach David Blatt told reporters. "The tank was low, and we\'re doing everything we can to fill it back up."', u"Both Australian Dellavedova, who was thrust into the starting lineup after an injury to Kyrie Irving, and Shumpert have managed to contain Golden State's Stephen Curry in winning the last two games for a 2-1 edge in the best-of-seven series.", u"Shumpert hurt his left shoulder after running into a screen set by Golden State's Draymond Green during the first quarter. He left the court but returned and ended up playing 32 minutes.", u'It is the same shoulder that Shumpert injured earlier in the season while playing with the New York Knicks when he was sidelined for six weeks.', u'"He has a bruised shoulder and it\'s painful, but fortunately no serious damage, and that\'s really, really good news," said Blatt, who added that he expects both Dellavedova and Shumpert to play on Thursday.', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"European Parliament Set to Call on FIFA's Blatter to Go Now"], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  The European Parliament on Thursday is expected to call on FIFA President Sepp Blatter to step down immediately and will say urgent reforms can only start once he has left the organization.', u'Blatter tendered his resignation last week as head of the soccer world governing body, but said he wanted to remain in office until his successor was elected.', u'A copy of the European Parliament\'s cross-party motion seen by Reuters calls on FIFA "to select, in a transparent and inclusive way, an appropriate interim leader to replace Joseph (Sepp) Blatter forthwith".', u'It also expresses serious concern that "the credibility of FIFA, as world soccer\'s governing body, and the urgent reforms required, cannot begin in earnest until a new leadership is appointed, which under FIFA regulations might not happen for a further nine months".', u"Politicians debated the issue on Wednesday evening ahead of Thursday's vote on the resolution.", u"Tibor Navracsics, EU Commissioner for Education, Culture, Youth and Sport, told the debate FIFA was no longer fit to run international soccer and he supported the European Parliament's position.", u'"Small change will not be enough, but big change might not be enough either," Navracsics said. "FIFA needs a fresh start."', u'Politicians from across the political divide said Blatter must go now.', u'"FIFA is a sick organization and its sickness is due to those who have governed it," said Santiago Fisas Ayxela, a Spanish politician from the European Parliament\'s main center-right group the European People\'s Party.', u'Indrek Tarand, an Estonian member of the Green alliance in the European Parliament, said that as part of sweeping reforms and a review of previous FIFA decisions Russia should no longer host the 2018 World Cup.', u'Instead, he said, Britain could host it as what might be one of its last events as a member of the European Union if a promised referendum on membership delivers a no vote.', u'British Member of the European Parliament Neena Gill from the Alliance of Socialists and Democrats said she had "little confidence" that any reforms in FIFA would actually happen and it was up to the European Commission to ensure FIFA complied with regulatory rules.', u'(Reporting by Barbara Lewis and Philip Blenkinsop; Editing by Hugh Lawson)']), ([u'Swansea Sign Ayew on Free Transfer'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Ghana forward Andre Ayew has joined Swansea City on a free transfer and signed a four-year contract, the Premier League club said on Wednesday.', u'The 25-year-old has joined from French club Olympique de Marseille, where his contract expired at the end of last season, having scored 10 league goals in his final campaign.', u'Ayew, who has 62 caps for Ghana, has played in four African Nations Cups and two World Cups.', u'\u201cThe project that the club has for the future is very exciting, and when I spoke to the chairman and manager I felt this was the right place for me," Ayew said on the club website (', u').', u'\u201cI felt that my desire to play in the Premier League and wanting to grow as a player meant that Swansea was the best solution for me in every way.', u'\u201cSeeing the honesty and desire of the club made me feel that they really wanted me to come. They have proved that in all ways.\u201d', u'Ayew made 181 appearances for Marseille, scoring 52 goals and winning two French League Cups as well as playing in the Champions League.', u'\u201cIt was a very difficult decision to leave Marseille. I spent so many years there -- I was in the youth team before breaking into the first team and stayed all of my life in Marseille,\u201d he said.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s true that I had a lot of offers, so I needed to take my time to make the right decision for my future. I didn\u2019t want to rush but I feel I have made the right decision.', u'\u201cFootball is all about growing up and becoming a better player and a better person."', u'(Reporting by Toby Davis, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'NASCAR: Scott Expects Smooth Transition With Bowyer'], [u"DARLINGTON, S.C. \u2014  Billy Scott sounds prepared to step into the role of Clint Bowyer's new crew chief and perk up the sluggish Michael Waltrip Racing team.", u"Scott said he is familiar enough with the workings of the organization over the past few years to be comfortable in any situation. Scott was crew chief for MRW's other car driven by David Ragan. On Tuesday, the organization announced a leadership swap, with Bowyer's crew chief Brian Pattie taking over Ragan's car.", u"Scott said Wednesday the moves were made to help both cars qualify for NASCAR's championship Chase.", u'"We\'ve got enough time to do that," Scott said. "It\'s just a good opportunity in the season to try something different."', u"And different, Bowyer said, is what's needed during a mediocre season.", u'Bowyer is without a victory and 17th in points, one slot out of qualifying for the season-ending playoffs. His best finish was seventh at the first Sprint Cup race in Daytona four months ago and he has added just two more top 10s in the 13 races since.', u"Ragan is the replacement driver for Brian Vickers, the MWR driver sidelined with blood clots. Ragan has run four races in the No. 55 car, his best finish a 13th place at Dover two races ago. Ragan's best showing this year was finishing fifth at Martinsville, when he was subbing for injured Kyle Busch with Joe Gibbs Racing. Ragan is 23rd in points.", u'"We\'ve certainly got a lot of work to do and got to make the cars better to give (Scott) a chance," Bowyer said. "Communication can always be better and that\'s what we\'re working on with this change."', u'Scott believes the two MWR teams have similar styles that will shorten any adjustment period.', u'"There\'ll be different guys that I\'ll be dealing with directly," Scott said. "There are people that have been around our company for a long time and we\'ve all worked so closely together that even though yesterday was the first day, it doesn\'t feel all that different."', u'Bowyer, Scott and the No. 15 team were among several programs taking part in test sessions this week at Darlington Raceway. Bowyer ran in a Goodyear tire test on Tuesday before a final open test session for several teams on Wednesday.', u"Bowyer said Scott is a young, smart innovator with good ideas who can give mechanics and engineers shop strong information about what's needed at the track.", u'"It\'s a people business," Bowyer said. "And when they\'re hitting on all eight cylinders and in the right positions, it\'s pretty fun to see it work at its best. Certainly, wasn\'t getting the result and it\'s the first of many changes, hopefully."', u"Scott sees no problems blending with Bowyer, who hasn't won a Sprint Cup race since October 2012 at Charlotte. Scott hopes when the team returns to Darlington in three months, it has earned a win to lock up a spot in the Chase.", u'"Going to Michigan is short planning, but I think the timing\'s good that we do have a test," Scott said, "to give everybody a chance to work together. The off week (after Michigan) will be a good chance to kind of review that and make some tweaks."', u'And get MWR pointed in the right direction.']), ([u'Swiss Attorney General Seizes Evidence From FIFA Offices'], [u"BERN, Switzerland \u2014  The Swiss attorney-general's office says it has seized more evidence from FIFA headquarters for its investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests.", u'The Swiss federal agency says FIFA handed over seized "IT data" to its officials.', u"The evidence gathering follows two weeks after FIFA's offices were raided for the investigation.", u'Switzerland\'s Attorney General Michael Lauber opened criminal proceedings "against persons unknown" two weeks ago in a case probing possible criminal mismanagement and money laundering in the World Cup bid contests won by Russia and Qatar.', u'FIFA filed the criminal complaint last November.', u'The Swiss agency says FIFA president Sepp Blatter and Secretary General Jerome Valcke are not suspects in the case.']), ([u'Steel Set for New Arthur Ashe Stadium Roof to Cover US Open'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A towering crane lowered a final steel beam into place over Arthur Ashe Stadium on Wednesday as the ', u"'s center court moved closer to being covered by a retractable roof.", u'The roof will be ready to be used in 2016. Now that the superstructure supporting it is up, workers can begin the process of removing the three cranes from the grounds of the Billie Jean King National Tennis Center to get ready for the final Grand Slam event of the year. The U.S. Open begins Aug. 31.', u'This is the second straight year an enormous construction project at the tennis center will be broken down in the months leading up to the tournament. U.S. Tennis Association executive director Gordon Smith said he is confident the center will be ready to go.', u'"The fans, the players will barely notice the difference on the grounds," Smith said.', u"The $500 million project, paid for by the USTA, will result in a retractable roof with an opening large enough to lower Wimbledon's center court and its retractable roof though it.", u'A new 8,000-seat Grandstand is also set to open next year, along with expanded and restructured grounds that will increase the capacity for the U.S. Open by about 10,000 to more than 45,000.', u'In 2018, a new Louis Armstrong Stadium will open that will seat 14,000. There are no plans to put roofs on the other stadiums, Smith said.', u'Smith said the project is on time, despite constant snow this past winter in New York that had to be worked around. An additional crane was brought in to help make up for lost time.', u"Since last year's U.S. Open ended, more than 5,000 tons of steel, 1,700 structural beams and 115,000 3-pound bolts have been installed.", u'"It\'s been an unbelievably monumental task to do this during a horrendous winter," Smith said.', u'The tennis center grounds were filled Wednesday with busy construction workers in brightly covered hard hats and vests.', u'The final steel beam, draped in an American flag, was lowered from a crane down to three workers on top of the superstructure, high above the court at Arthur Ashe Stadium. They quickly set it in place.', u'Smith said the roof will take 5-7 minutes to open and close, and a fabric canopy covering will be used to ensure uneven shadows do not affect players. More fans will be shaded from the sun, though \u2014 generally a good thing on those hot late summer days.', u'"The important thing for us was to still be an outdoor stadium," said Daniel Zausner, chief operating officer for the tennis center.']), ([u'Montgomerie, Calcavecchia Bring Plenty of Putters to Boston'], [u'BELMONT, Mass. \u2014  Local pro shops had better be stocked up on putters for the Senior Players Championship, the third Champions Tour major of the season.', u'Colin Montgomerie said he has used seven different putters in his last eight rounds, including a win in the Senior PGA Championship that gave him his third Champions Tour major victory. And Mark Calcavecchia is coming off a win in the Principal Charity Classic after picking up an off-the-rack putter at a local sporting goods store.', u'"I change with the weather," Montgomerie said this week before admitting it\'s not even as scientific as that. "I don\'t have any robotic thoughts about golf. I just go out and it\'s the way I feel in the morning and if the feeling\'s different, I change my putter."', u'Calcavecchia knows how he feels.', u'"He does change putters a lot," the three-time Champions Tour winner said this week at the Belmont Country Club. "I\'m probably the next other guy who\'s done something like that."', u'Calcavecchia, who travels from tournament to tournament on his own bus, said the vehicle is filling up with putters he has bought or requested from Ping and then rejected.', u'"I have 40 putters in there and I hate every one of them," he said.', u"Calcavecchia said he went to Dick's Sporting Goods in Des Moines before last week's tournament because his wife needed to buy some running clothes. Calcavecchia picked one up and made about a dozen putts on the practice green, so he bought it.", u'"That\'s how stupid it is, it\'s just all psychological," he said. "It\'s basically just appearance to me and how it looks. ... There are times when I just don\'t like any of my putters I\'ll just look for something else."', u"The Players Championship begins on Thursday at the Belmont Country Club, a par-71, 6,855-yard course designed by Donald Ross in 1908 and home to the 1937 PGA Match Play Championship won by Byron Nelson. It's the first Senior Tour event in the Boston area since 2008, when the Bank of America Championship left nearby Concord after 25 years.", u'Montgomerie, who never won a major on the PGA Tour, is the first golfer since Jack Nicklaus to win major championships for his first three Champions Tour victories. The 51-year-old Scotsman said he is hoping for more success at the Donald Ross-designed Belmont Country Club than in his last visit to the Boston area: for the 1999 Ryder Cup.', u"Montgomerie became a favorite fan foil while the Americans rallied from a 10-6 deficit to beat Europe on the final day. Montgomerie said he has bad memories from that event, but it's not the loss or even the heckling that got to him: It was playing singles against Payne Stewart.", u'"To think that he died two months later. The Ryder Cup meant nothing when I received (that) phone call over," Montgomerie said. "That\'s unfortunately the memory that I take from the 1999 Ryder Cup.', u'"A great celebration of golf was had. I think the Ryder Cup became a bigger and better event because of it," he said. "But the main memory was a very sad one."']), ([u'Swiss Authorities Say FIFA Has Handed Over More IT Data'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General said soccer's governing body FIFA had handed over more IT data on Wednesday, including, according to one source, records from FIFA President Sepp Blatter's office.", u'The OAG seized data and documents stored in computer systems at FIFA last month as part of criminal proceedings related to the allocation of the 2018 and 2022 FIFA soccer World Cups in Russia and Qatar.', u'On Wednesday it received more data that it had requested from FIFA last month.', u'"I can confirm that FIFA handed over today seized IT data to the OAG," a spokesman said in an emailed statement. "As already communicated, the OAG has opened criminal proceedings against persons unknown."', u'If need be the OAG will look to speak with Blatter and other officials if they are of interest to its investigation, the spokesman said.', u"A source close to the Swiss investigation indicated that records from Blatter's office were part of the investigation.", u"The news was first reported by the BBC, which said data was also taken from the offices of FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke and the group's head of finance.", u'"As confirmed by the Office of the General Attorney \u200eof Switzerland, FIFA today provided the requested IT data as scheduled," FIFA said in an emailed comment.', u'The OAG suspects that irregularities occurred in the allocation of the FIFA World Cups of 2018 and 2022, which were awarded to Russia and Qatar respectively.', u'(Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Additional reporting by Brian Homewood in Bern and Mark Hosenball in Washington; Editing by Hugh Lawson)']), ([u'Factbox-Newcastle United Manager Steve McClaren'], [u'(Reuters) - Factbox on Steve McClaren, who was appointed manager of Newcastle United on Wednesday', u'Born May 3 1961, York, England', u'PLAYING CAREER', u'A workmanlike midfielder, he spends six years in the lower divisions with Hull City, and also plays for Derby County, Bristol City and Oxford United.', u'Forced to retire in 1992 through injury, he begins coaching at Oxford, then returns to Derby as assistant manager to Jim Smith.', u'COACHING CAREER', u'Early in 1999 he becomes assistant to Alex Ferguson at Manchester United, who complete a treble of Premier League, FA Cup and Champions League in a dramatic end to the season against Bayern Munich.', u'After the 2000-01 season, he takes over as manager of Middlesbrough, leading them to a League Cup success in 2004.', u'ENGLAND', u"Has two spells as Sven Goran Eriksson's assistant with the England team, then succeeds the Swede as manager after the 2006 World Cup.", u'That ends in disappointment and he is dismissed in December 2007 after failure to qualify for Euro 2008.', u'WORKING ABROAD', u'In June 2008 he joins Dutch club Twente Enschede as head coach and revives his reputation by helping them to win the Dutch League in 2010.', u'McClaren moves on to VfL Wolfsburg, becoming the first Englishman to mange in the Bundesliga but lasts less than a season.', u'After a brief interlude at Nottingham Forest he returns in January 2012 to Twente, but resigned after little more than a year.', u'BACK IN ENGLAND', u'Returning to England, he coaches briefly at Queens Park Rangers before taking over at Derby, who lose the Championship (second tier) playoff final to QPR.', u'After failing to reach the playoffs in 2015, he is sacked but moves back into the Premier League with Newcastle.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'The FIFA That Blatter Built'], [u'(Reuters) - The soccer representatives of many nations, particularly from Africa and Asia, have shown a lot of loyalty to outgoing FIFA President Sepp Blatter over his 17-year reign, despite long-running allegations of widespread corruption in soccer\u2019s main governing body.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Many of the soccer associations in those countries have been particularly grateful that Blatter\u2019s FIFA handed out substantial grants for various facilities, equipment and training, including soccer fields and youth development programs.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Under Blatter, FIFA has handed its development money out strategically. Members of FIFA with only tiny populations have often received as much in grant money as those with massive populations, a Reuters analysis of FIFA data shows.', u'(For a graphic look at the FIFA that its President Sepp Blatter was instrumental in developing, click ', u')', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 For example, a FIFA development program created by Blatter in 1999 directs the most funds per capita to small countries. The so-called Goal Programme has focused the largest per-capita portions of development money on members with populations under 200,000 \u2014 most of them island nations.', u'\xa0 \xa0\xa0Topping the list is Montserrat in the Caribbean, which has received $1.45 million in Goal money since 1999, or about $278 for each of its 5,215 residents. The Cook Islands in the Pacific received $2.37 million, or $234 per person, followed by Anguilla, also in the Caribbean, with $1.10 million, or $69 per resident.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 It \u201cis in essence a solidarity program that makes a modest but nevertheless important contribution to reducing inequality,\u201d Blatter wrote in a 2013 brochure. \u201cThe Goal Programme provides the member associations \u2013 especially the less privileged ones \u2013 with the necessary resources (human, technical and financial) to implement large-scale soccer activities,\u201d he added.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The program funds projects in 206 of FIFA\u2019s 209 member organizations.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0VOTES AND BENEFITS', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Reuters analyzed Goal Programme budgets and spending since 1999 using data from the organization's official website ", u', though in a few places project data were missing. Some projects in Guatemala, St. Kitts and Nevis and Yemen, for example, were not publicly accounted for.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0A FIFA spokesman said it intended to keep development information updated but confirmed that some projects were missing from the site. He said project financials were normally updated twice per month.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 FIFA reelected Blatter for a fifth presidential term on May 29 only days after U.S. prosecutors indicted nine current or former FIFA officials and five corporate executives on corruption charges. However, on June 2, he announced his resignation, saying he no longer felt he had a mandate from the entire world of soccer.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The 209 member nations each have one vote in the election for the president, regardless of population or soccer-playing prowess. Critics say that this means that grant money can be used to lock in support in votes like the one Blatter just won because in smaller nations each dollar granted can exert more influence.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Supporters of Blatter and the current system say that handing out money on an equal basis to all countries means that the game\u2019s development spending benefits many places that lack the ability to fund projects themselves. It doesn\u2019t favor nations in Europe who are already soccer powerhouses and have plenty of their own resources to spend on fields and other facilities.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 When asked how FIFA ensured that it was not allocating funds disproportionately, the spokesman said it had strengthened its compliance mechanisms over past years. \u201cWe can today say that FIFA\u2019s development programs fulfill strict international standards,\u201d he said.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 The Goal Programme\u2019s methods can lead to some radically unequal outcomes. Mexico, for example, has received only $1.3 million from it, less than the Cayman Islands, Seychelles, or Cape Verde. Top-ranked FIFA nations like Belgium, Portugal, Spain and Italy have received no funding.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 Nations with substantial populations and little soccer infrastructure have seen development money on a par with tiny islands. Myanmar and Guam both received approximately $2.5 million from FIFA between 1999 and 2014. In Guam, that\u2019s $16 per person. In Myanmar, it\u2019s less than five cents per person.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0 FIFA has also been less than generous with India and China, given the size of their populations and relatively limited soccer infrastructure. They\u2019ve received $2 million and $1.8 million, respectively, since the Goal Programme began, or a fraction of a cent per person.', u'(Reporting by Mimi Dwyer and Matthew Weber; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Tony Stewart Trying to Catch the Big One in Victory Lane'], [u'LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  Dressed in a Bass Pro T-shirt and cap, Tony Stewart was all set to take his turn as a commercial fisherman.', u'Stewart had had his fun teaching kids how to catch and release trout from a pond. Now it was time to hook a new generation on the fun of fishing by filming a few promotional spots for his sponsors.  An ace endorser \u2014 his biggest whopper comes not from exaggerated tales of catching the big one, but hawking burgers for a fast-food chain \u2014 Stewart needed only a few minutes to rehearse before it was time for action.', u'Stewart nailed his lines for a campaign promoting youth fishing days.', u'"Man, how does he do it! First take every time," Stewart said.', u"He hit all his marks again when he's asked to read a reworked script.", u'"Man, this guy\'s a natural," he said to laughter. "A natural!"', u'But the third promo trips him up: "The race track and somewhere near ... blah, blah, blah, blah," he says, temporarily tongue tied.', u'When he finished the next take without a blunder, Stewart was ready to accept an acting award.', u'"Three out of four right now. That puts you in the Hall of Fame," he said.', u"Stewart is a lock for NASCAR's Hall of Fame, making his name as one of the most proficient drivers in racing, winning in every kind of series, from sprint cars to open wheel to three championships in the Sprint Cup Series.", u"But the last two seasons have been filled with heartache and hardship on and off the track for Stewart. While no one would ever count out Stewart from winning a race behind the wheel of the No. 14 14, he's no longer a regular threat to find victory lane.", u'Stewart, though, still knows how to take the pole.', u'Known for his gruff temperament, Stewart was all smiles at a fishing clinic for a group of kids last weekend at Pocono Raceway. Stewart was the surprise instructor for large group of 14 and under enthusiasts, and he gave a few lessons on how to hold a fishing rod and how to reel in trout.', u'"Are you catching anything?" he asked a little girl.', u"She shrugged and hardly seemed to know or care her tutor was one of NASCAR's greats.", u'That was just the way Stewart liked it.', u'"It was what I wanted it to be," Stewart said. "I wanted the kids to be more engrossed in the fishing than worrying about me being there behind them. Just to see them be excited about fishing, having an opportunity to catch a trout like that, that\'s a pretty big deal."', u'Stewart untangled lines for the novices and attached lures for his young charges.', u'"Look at that one," Stewart yelled as a loose trout flopped on the asphalt, sending kids scrambling. Stewart scooped the fish with his bare hands and tossed it in the pond.', u"The 44-year-old Stewart started fishing in the 1990s in his old Indy Racing League days with a former crew member. They'd take their gear and tackle on the road with them and fish almost every night.", u'His Indiana property has an 8\xbd-acre lake stocked with fish.', u'"When we have people over, we\'ve got everything from beginner rods to rods we\'d use on the tour," Stewart said. "If there are people fishing for the first time, we know what kind of fish to take them to fish. That makes it easy for them, gives them an opportunity to have a good time."', u"Stewart wouldn't mind throwing back most of his finishes this season, scoring just one top 10 and extending his winless streak to two years. Stewart last won a Cup race on June 2, 2013, at Dover International Speedway. He finished 21st last weekend at Pocono.", u'Stewart is buried at 27th in the standings. His fellow Stewart-Haas Racing teammates have all fared better: Danica Patrick is 20th, Kurt Busch has one win and is 12th, and reigning series champion Kevin Harvick again leads the points standings.', u"For a short time, Stewart could forget about his car and focus on kids. About the only surprise at the promotional event was that Stewart hadn't used the Periscope live streaming video app to catch all the action.", u'"I\'ve just been experimenting, playing with it," he said. "I\'m having fun with it."', u'Stewart would love to stream a victory bash \u2014 if only he can catch a break, instead of a fish.']), ([u'West Ham Sign Spanish Midfielder Obiang'], [u'LONDON \u2014  West Ham United have signed Spanish midfielder Pedro Obiang from Sampdoria on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, the Premier League club announced on Wednesday.', u"Obiang, 23, is West Ham's first signing under new manager Slaven Bilic, who joined the club on Tuesday, and is relishing the chance to play for the Croatian coach.", u'\u201cI think Bilic is a manager that can do very well here. I know that he was a West Ham player and he did very well with the Croatian national team," said the box-to-box midfielder.', u'"He is a manager that likes to play good football and I really like that so I am sure that we will get along very well."', u"Obiang, who has played for Spain's under-21 side, scored three goals in 34 Serie A appearances for Sampdoria last season as they finished seventh to qualify for the Europa League.", u'He grew up in Madrid and joined Atletico but decided to leave when he was 16 for Sampdoria on a five-year contract.', u'Obiang made his debut against Juventus in 2010 and has played 128 league games and featured in the Europa League which West Ham have qualified for via the Fair Play League.', u"Obiang is West Ham's second close-season signing following the arrival of 28-year-old goalkeeper Darren Randolph, who has two Ireland caps, from Birmingham City on a free transfer.", u'(Writing by Ken Ferris; Editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u"Amid Fight Over Olympic Bid, U.S. Brewer Seeks 'Boston 2024' Mark"], [u'BOSTON \u2014  Even as backers of Boston\'s embattled bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games struggle to overcome public opposition, the maker of the city\'s Sam Adams beer has jumped into the fray by applying for a "Boston 2024" beer trademark.', u'The Boston Beer Co has applied to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office for a trademark on the words "Boston 2024," which would be limited to beer, Jessica Paar, a spokeswoman for the brewery, said on Wednesday.', u'"We were introduced recently to members of the Boston 2024 Committee and had a very preliminary conversation about collaborating on a special beer in the future," Paar said. "There\'s nothing set in stone.\xa0It\'s just a fun idea we talked about."', u'The Boston 2024 host committee is in the midst of reworking its pitch to the city after polls showed more residents of Boston oppose the idea of hosting the Summer Games than support it.', u'A poll conducted for WBUR radio by the MassInc Polling Group and released on Wednesday showed 49 percent of respondents opposed the idea of having the Games in Boston. Just 39 percent of the 502 registered Massachusetts voters interviewed between June 4 and 6 supported it.', u'Opponents of the bid have raised concerns about the spiraling cost of recent Olympic Games, including the 2014 Winter Games in Sochi for which Russia spent more than $50 billion.', u'Proponents have said the Boston bid would cost just $9.5 billion and would be funded privately rather than with tax revenues.', u'Backers have called for a statewide ballot initiative in 2016 on whether to go ahead with the bid and said that without majority support, Boston would not challenge rivals including Rome, Paris and Hamburg, Germany, seeking the 2024 Games.', u'(Reporting by Scott Malone; Editing by Mohammad Zargham)']), ([u'FIFA Scandal Splits Former Star Players in Brazil'], [u'SAO PAULO \u2014  The arrest of one former Brazilian soccer boss, and an investigation into at least one other, has divided some of the country\'s soccer giants.\xa0 \xa0 Former top stars Romario, Ronaldo and Cafu have all chimed in about the FIFA corruption scandal since the former head of the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF), Jose Maria Marin, was one of seven FIFA executives jailed in Switzerland late last month.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0Marin, also a member of the FIFA organizing committee for soccer in the Olympics, is in a Zurich prison, where he faces possible extradition to the U.S. to face racketeering and bribery charges.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0Ricardo Teixeira, the man who was president of the CBF for 23 years before Marin, is also under investigation by Brazil\'s federal police for alleged money laundering and tax evasion, a police source told Reuters last week.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0Romario, the former Barcelona striker who is now a Senator, has taken the lead in calling for Marin\'s successor, Marco Polo Del Nero, to resign, saying the organization needs a fresh start.\xa0 \xa0 \xa0"Del Nero should call the press in and announce he is leaving the CBF," Romario said via Facebook and Twitter. "The truth is that the CBF today has no commitment to soccer, grass roots soccer, women\'s soccer, the state championships."\xa0 \xa0 Del Nero left Switzerland for Brazil within hours of the arrests, not even staying to vote in the election for FIFA president.\xa0 \xa0 "Resigning doesn\'t exist for me, because there is no reason to resign," he said at a news conference upon returning to Brazil.\xa0 \xa0 Teixeira\'s lawyer told Reuters that Teixeira had not been formally accused of any crime. Lawyers for Marin could not be reached for comment.\xa0 \xa0 Teixeira and Del Nero could not be reached for comment.', u'SCORN ONLINE\xa0 \xa0 Romario, a member of the 1994 World Cup winning Brazilian team, has been one of the most vocal critics of those running Brazilian soccer and will chair an upcoming Congressional inquiry into the game.\xa0 \xa0 He was backed by former AC Milan midfielder Leonardo, who called the CBF "dirty," and more visibly by Ronaldo, who also asked Del Nero to resign immediately.\xa0 \xa0 But Ronaldo, who was a striker for Real Madrid and Barcelona, came under fire from former teammates for what some see as opportunism.\xa0 \xa0 Ronaldo was a member of the 2014 World Cup Organising Committee and on friendly terms with FIFA and CBF bosses.\xa0 \xa0 His about face brought him scorn on social media and prompted unease from former colleagues.\xa0 \xa0 "It\'s easy now to say sack this guy and put that other guy in," Edmilson, a team mate of Ronaldo\'s when Brazil won the World Cup in 2002, told the Folha de S.Paulo newspaper ahead of last weekend\'s Champions League final in Berlin.\xa0 \xa0 "Ronaldo participated in the organizing of the whole World Cup. And now he wants to get rid of Del Nero and Marin who were there with him?"\xa0 \xa0 Cafu, captain of the 2002 team, told the same paper: "They are being accused and haven\'t been found guilty. So it\'s better to keep quiet and see what happens."\xa0 \xa0 Brazilian players gathering in Chile for the Copa America - the tournament between South American national teams held every four years -\xa0 are caught in the crossfire.\xa0 \xa0They were warned last year not to talk about politics but central defender Thiago Silva said their opinions don\'t matter anyway.\xa0 \xa0 "No player is foolish enough to not understand what is happening in our country," Silva told reporters on the eve of Brazil\'s warm up game against Mexico.\xa0 \xa0 "But when we wear this shirt, we are representing the CBF and under no circumstances can we be against it. Nothing we say is going to change anything, they are the ones that make the decisions."', u'(Reporting by Andrew Downie; Editing by Martin Howell)']), ([u'Bobby Rahal Enjoys Watching Son Drive, Team Do Its Thing'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Bobby Rahal loves going to the track these days to watch his son drive while letting his team do its job without any meddling from the boss.', u'"I don\'t even wear headphones because I don\'t want to talk to anybody," said the 1986 Indianapolis 500 winner and co-owner of Rahal Letterman Lanigan Racing. "It\'s their job, and it\'s worked."', u"Things are different for Graham Rahal in his third season racing for his father's team.", u'After finishing 18th and 19th in IndyCar Series points his first two seasons with the team, he is fifth through nine of 16 races this year. RLL also has the highest-ranked Honda, its single-car team trailing only a trio of Team Penske drivers and a three-time series champion driving for Chip Ganassi.', u'"Things have gone a little smoother, less bickering and fighting on the radio. ... The whole atmosphere of the team (last year) wasn\'t like it is now," Graham Rahal said. "I don\'t put any blame on him really. He\'s a dad, he always wants the best, and so he tries pretty hard to accomplish that."', u'The younger Rahal this season has a new race engineer in Eddie Jones and was reunited with Martin Pare and Mike Talbott, two key figures from his time at Newman-Haas.', u'"It\'s not about me. It\'s about Graham and the team, and I look back on the previous two years, and I feel we made decisions that weren\'t in the best interest of the team or for Graham," the elder Rahal said. "Now all of a sudden you have three or four guys who had worked together. .... The positive effect of that was immediate."', u'Graham Rahal has three podium finishes, including consecutive runner-up finishes at Barber Motorsports Park and the Indianapolis Grand Prix before being fifth and the highest-finishing Honda in the Indianapolis 500. He finished 23rd after crashing in the first race at Belle Isle, but rebounded to finish third the next day.', u'"We got the guys, I need to get out of the way. I just need to let it happen and it\'s certainly, I think, working," Bobby Rahal said. "I\'m just happy that all the things we did are paying off, and one of those things is me getting the hell out of the way."', u'He still has plenty to keep him busy on the business side, doing the same things he also was when atop the pit box.', u'"I\'m just not in the inner sanctum, so to speak," he said.', u'___', u'BUSCH BACK TO XFINITY', u'Kyle Busch is returning to the Xfinity Series for the first time since he was injured in the season opener.', u"Busch broke his right leg and left foot in a February crash at Daytona. It sidelined him 11 races and although he resumed his Sprint Cup Series schedule last month, the race Saturday at Michigan International Speedway will be his first in NASCAR's second-tier series.", u'Busch praised both Joe Gibbs Racing and sponsor Monster Energy for the opportunity to get back in the No. 54 Toyota.', u'"This is a continuation of my recovery since Daytona, and we hope to continue to add to my schedule going forward through the rest of the year," he said.', u'Crew chief Chris Gayle considers Saturday his first race to really build a rapport with Busch. The former engineer has only worked as crew chief for Busch once, at Daytona, because of the injury.', u'"I knew it was going to be a little bit different than what it was as engineer and driver before, and Daytona didn\'t give us the opportunity to complete a full race together," Gayle said. "My goal in February was and still now is that you have to get to the point where not only do I understand what Kyle is asking for, but I also show Kyle what I can give him. Then the trust develops and continues to build as we do this together."', u'___', u'QUALIFYING CHANGES?', u'NASCAR is considering changing its qualifying format following an interesting session last week at Pocono Raceway.', u"Denny Hamlin spun with less than a minute remaining in Sprint Cup qualifying and the caution effectively ended the session before four drivers had a chance to post a speed. Hamlin still started Sunday's race ahead of those four drivers because he had recorded the second-best lap of the final session.", u"NASCAR executive vice president Steve O'Donnell said it's something the series will review.", u'"Is it the right decision to have a driver, not on purpose, cause a caution and therefore qualify ahead of drivers who have not been able to qualify?" O\'Donnell said this week on SiriusXM NASCAR Radio. "Some could say that\'s on them, they should have gone out earlier. We\'re taking a hard look at that and we\'ll make a decision shortly."', u'___', u"DIXON'S HOPE", u"Scott Dixon's win at Texas last weekend could be the start of a second-half surge that pushes him closer to the IndyCar championship.", u"The victory was his second of the season and cut his deficit to 43 points behind leader Juan Pablo Montoya headed into this weekend's race at Toronto.", u'Riding some momentum, Dixon is hopeful to collect a few more wins as the IndyCar season winds down. Since the 2010 season, Dixon has amassed 15 wins and 12 came in the second half of the season. In 2013, he won four of the final nine races of the 19-event season on the way to earning his third Indy car title.', u'Dixon swept a doubleheader at Toronto in 2013 and has won at five of the seven remaining circuits on the schedule.', u'"This team has got a lot of resources," Dixon said. "You know you\'re going to have a shot at winning each weekend. Right now it\'s a good start for us, kind of mid-seasonish. But still a long ways to go."', u'___', u'AP Auto Racing Writer Jenna Fryer contributed to this report.']), ([u'Big-Serving Karlovic Reaches Quarterfinals at Topshelf Open'], [u'S-HERTOGENBOSCH, Netherlands \u2014  Fifth-seeded Ivo Karlovic of Croatia smacked 25 aces as he beat Tatsuma Ito of Japan 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to reach the Topshelf Open quarterfinals on Wednesday.', u"There, he'll face local favorite Robin Haase, who beat seventh-seeded Fernando Verdasco of Spain 7-6 (4), 6-3.", u'Verdasco had 10 aces, but lost the only service game of the second-round match.', u"In women's play, third-seeded Coco Vandeweghe of the United States; No. 5 Camila Giorgi of Italy, and No. 7 Kristina Mladenovic of France reached the last eight.", u'Vandeweghe won 7-5, 6-4 against Tatjana Maria; Mladenovic rallied past Kurumi Nara 6-7 (4), 6-3, 6-3, and Giorgi withstood 21 aces from Michaella Krajicek in a 6-7 (2), 6-2, 6-4 win.', u'Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan, who eliminated top-seeded Eugenie Bouchard in the first round, beat Marina Erakovic of New Zealand 6-4, 6-4.']), ([u'Tevez Would Fit in Well at Atletico-Simeone'], [u"BARCELONA \u2014  Juventus striker Carlos Tevez would be a perfect fit for Atletico Madrid and the La Liga club are in talks with the Argentine's agents, coach Diego Simeone said.", u'Tevez helped Juve to another Serie A title and the Champions League final this season and Atletico are on the alert with speculation in Italy and Spain that he is looking to leave.', u'\u201cI know the club is speaking with his agent,\u201d Simeone told Spanish newspaper As on Wednesday.', u'\u201cIt is always good to have a player like Tevez. He is hot-blooded, which is a healthy part of this sport, and that is aside from how many goals he is able to score in a season.', u'\u201cHe would be a perfect signing considering the football that Atletico Madrid play.\u201d', u'Atletico are looking to boost their forward line and Tevez would fit into their determined style based on hard work.', u'They lost Diego Costa to Chelsea last year and while Antoine Griezmann has come in and done well, Atletico were hoping for more from Croatian Mario Mandzukic.', u'\u201cHe (Mandzukic) is a good player and a good guy,\u201d said Simeone.', u'\u201cHe himself was unhappy at the way he was unable to continue performing how he had done up to February. I said to him, \u2018we have to beat the record that you had at Bayern of 28 goals,\u2019 but he was unable unfortunately.\u201d', u'Villarreal starlet Luciano Vietto is another target for Simeone who gave him his debut at Argentine side Racing Club.', u'\u201cWe are close and I hope to have him for next season because for me he has extraordinary ability in combining going forward,\u201d said the Atletico coach.', u'\u201cI think that he is very similar to (David) Villa when he started off, without being the goalscorer that was the Spanish forward, but with the movement in the build-up which is very difficult to see in football at the moment.', u'\u201cHe is very tactical and has done very well at Villarreal. As a kid I know him very well because he was with me at Racing and I put him in the first team.', u'\u201cI hope he comes because he would be an important signing.\u201d    Atletico finished third in La Liga last season after winning the title in 2014.', u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'IOC Members: Almaty Narrows Gap in 2022 Race With Beijing'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  Almaty managed to win the attention of IOC members. The next challenge is to win their votes.', u'The bid from Kazakhstan came away with a big boost after impressing IOC members with its presentation for the 2022 Winter Games. Beijing, the long-time perceived favorite, also presented a solid case but will now feel pressure from a legitimate challenger.', u'"The feeling among the membership was that Almaty probably narrowed the gap," IOC vice president John Coates of Australia told The Associated Press on Wednesday. "I think it might be a close vote, which I didn\'t think originally."', u'Members said Almaty scored points in Tuesday\'s presentations, hammering home the message that it is a winter sports city with plenty of mountains, natural snow and a compact layout. Almaty\'s "Keeping It Real" slogan is a not-so-subtle dig at Beijing\'s lack of natural snow or winter sports tradition.', u'With the IOC vote just weeks away, the Almaty presentation made the contest much more interesting.', u'"It certainly turned it into a race," Canadian IOC member Dick Pound told the AP. "A considerable majority of the members came here thinking it was a foregone conclusion that we would be dealing with Beijing, so they were agreeably surprised."', u'Almaty and Beijing, seeking to become the first city to host both summer and winter games, are the final candidates in a race depleted by the withdrawal of four European cities \u2014 including Oslo and Stockholm \u2014 for political or economic reasons. Also, proposed bids from Switzerland and Germany were scrapped after being rejected by voters in referendums.', u'"A lot of the cities that pulled out, and pulled out for the wrong reasons, must certainly regret it now," Pound said.', u'About 100 IOC members will vote by secret ballot on July 31 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. In the end, intangible factors of politics and sentiment could determine the result.', u'"It will come down to just that little indescribable and what\'s in the minds of individual IOC members," Coates said.', u'Some key issues going into the final stages of the campaign:', u'__', u'SNOW OR NO SNOW', u'Almaty is pushing its case as a winter sports haven surrounded by majestic mountains and slopes covered in deep, natural snow. Beijing says it has sufficient water supplies and snow-making capability to provide high-quality artificial snow conditions.', u'"There is an argument on artificial snow as opposed to natural snow," IOC vice president Craig Reedie told the AP. "Most people would think, it\'s better the natural snow, but the ski experts will tell you that in downhill racing, it\'s better to have artificial snow, so where do we go?"', u'At a meeting of IOC members with the evaluation commission for the 2022 bids, international ski federation president Gian Franco Kasper said 80 percent of Alpine skiers actually prefer artificial snow.', u'Images of barren fields and hills surrounding the outdoor venues in China may not be appealing to broadcasters, however.', u'___', u'COMPACT OR SPREAD OUT', u'The two bids offer starkly different plans: Almaty says it presents the most compact bid in 30 years with all venues within a 30-kilometer (18-mile) radius, while Beijing would hold indoor events in the city and the snow and sliding events in two mountain zones outside the capital.', u'"One is much closer to the traditional idea of what a winter games ought to be, the other is the current trend of having your host city be a big city and you take a bus to the mountains," Pound said.', u'Beijing plans to build a ', u" link between Beijing and the mountain venues. The travel times and impact on the athletes' Olympic experience could be concerns for members.", u'"That\'s an issue as people drill in on that bid that is going to become more difficult," Pound said.', u'___', u'HIGH RISK OR LOW RISK', u'IOC members sometimes vote based on which candidate presents the least risk.', u'Beijing addressed the issues of snow, water supplies and air pollution. Almaty answered questions on financial risks, hotel rooms and limited experience in hosting big events.', u'"You don\'t necessarily have to pick the best, you just have to make sure you pick one that doesn\'t fail to deliver," Pound said.', u'___', u'HUMAN RIGHTS', u'China and Kazakhstan are both targets for their record on human rights.', u'On Saturday, a small group of Tibetan protesters demonstrated outside the IOC hotel in Lausanne and managed to get inside a room where Beijing officials were displaying their bids plans. They were taken away by security guards and police.', u'Both cities said they would respect new clauses on rights issues and non-discrimination in the Olympic Charter and host city contract.', u'Human rights will continue to be an issue no matter which city gets the games, but the critics of China represent the more organized and high-profile movement.']), ([u'Sam Groth Upsets\xa0Feliciano Lopez to Advance to Mercedes Cup Quarterfinals'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Sam Groth of Australia rallied to upset third-seeded Feliciano Lopez 3-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (6) in the second round of the Mercedes Cup on Wednesday.', u'The 66th-ranked Groth fired 19 aces to defeat the Spaniard in two hours, seven minutes and book a quarterfinal with eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki, who was also made to work hard before beating German wild card Alexander Zverev 6-3, 6-7 (6), 6-3.', u'"I think it definitely should have been easier," said Troicki, who reached his fourth quarterfinal of the season. "I was a set and a break up and didn\'t continue playing a good level. He used it and started playing better. The crowd gave him a bit more support."', u'Also Wednesday, fourth-seeded Gael Monfils of France shot 18 aces to defeat Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria 7-6 (6), 7-6 (5) for a quarterfinal with sixth-seeded German Philipp Kohlschreiber.', u'Kohlschreiber defeated Jerzy Janowicz of Poland 6-4, 6-4.', u'Rafael Nadal is top-seeded for the event, which is on grass for the first time.']), ([u'Azerbaijan Blocks Critical Amnesty Visit Before European Games'], [u'BAKU \u2014  Azerbaijan has blocked a visit by Amnesty International at which it planned to highlight human rights abuses in the south Caucasian republic as it prepares to host the inaugural European Games, Amnesty said on Wednesday.', u'The human rights campaign group said it had planned to launch a report called "Azerbaijan: the Repression Games" in Baku, but had been told by the Azeri embassy in London that Azerbaijan was "not in a position to welcome the Amnesty mission to Baku at the present time".', u'Azeri officials were not immediately available for comment.', u'The Games, a multi-sport event along the lines of the Olympics, open in the Azeri capital on Friday and run until June 28.', u'The ex-Soviet republic has been ruled by the late Haidar Aliyev and then his son Ilham since 1993.', u'Although rights groups accuse the government of muzzling dissent and jailing opponents to prevent the rise of any political opposition, charges it denies, Azerbaijan is courted by the West as an alternative to Russia in supplying oil and gas to Europe.', u'On Tuesday, the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) was given one month to halt its operations in Azerbaijan, only months before a parliamentary election.', u'Several rights activists and journalists have been jailed this year and last on charges including illegal business activity and hooliganism. Their lawyers say the trials were politically motivated.', u'Amnesty says at least 20 prisoners of conscience are in prison or detention awaiting trial on charges ranging from drug abuse to fraud or embezzlement and treason.', u'"The actions of the authorities have only highlighted their desperate attempts to create a criticism-free zone around the games," Denis Krivosheev, Amnesty International\'s deputy director for Europe and Central Asia, said in a statement.', u'"The legacy of these games will be to further encourage repressive authorities around the world to view major international sporting events as a ticket to international prestige and respectability."', u'(Reporting by Margarita Antidze; Editing by Kevin Liffey)']), ([u"FIFA's Woes Could Be Clubs' Gain, Says Fox"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Leading clubs could benefit from the corruption storm engulfing FIFA if the world soccer body fails to clean up its act convincingly, Aston Villa's American chief executive Tom Fox suggested on Wednesday.", u'"I could actually spin it around that there may be partners looking for places to spend money that (they) weren\'t prior (to the scandal)", he told a Sports Industry Breakfast Club meeting.', u"Fox, previously chief commercial officer at Arsenal, said  soccer's ability to attract and retain sponsors at club level could even be strengthened by the turmoil on the world stage.", u'"I don\'t think the individual clubs necessarily think that what\'s happening in FIFA rubs off at all on the brand equity of the clubs themselves," he said.', u'"One of the partners at Arsenal, Emirates, was also a partner of the World Cup and they chose not to renew that deal when it expired.', u'"I\'m sure that had quite a bit to do with what they knew about the people they were dealing with and the way that they saw the organization behaving."', u'The FBI are investigating bribery and corruption at FIFA, including scrutiny of how the World Cup hosting rights were awarded to Russia, which won the bidding for 2018, and Qatar, which is due to host the finals in 2022.', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter tendered his resignation on June 2, four days after having been re-elected for a fifth term.', u'The announcement came less than a week after Swiss police staged a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.', u'Fox said none of Villa\'s commercial partners had raised any concerns with him about the scandal affecting their relationship and that was because "Villa is a club like the other clubs in the Premier League that acts with a lot of integrity."', u'That integrity, he said, could prove even more attractive if FIFA failed to deliver change.', u'"If this wave of change that looks to be sweeping through doesn\'t end up being a wave of change, maybe some of those sponsor dollars that are currently funding that organization are now available more broadly in the market," he said.', u'"So it could be a positive for the leagues. The Premier League and Villa deliver incredible value to our partners... we deliver global presence around a competitive league top to bottom.', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Martyn Herman)']), ([u'One Soccer Official Appeals Swiss Detention in FIFA Probe'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  One of seven FIFA officials arrested two weeks ago in a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich has appealed his detention during extradition proceedings tied to U.S. corruption charges, Switzerland's Federal Office of Justice said on Wednesday.", u"The world's most popular sport was plunged into turmoil when seven senior soccer officials were arrested on U.S. charges. They face extradition from Switzerland, whose authorities also announced a criminal investigation into the awarding of the next two World Cups.", u"A spokesman for Switzerland's justice office declined to give the name of the individual appealing the warrant.", u'The Swiss Federal Criminal Court will now rule on whether or not he will have to remain in custody for the entire length of the extradition proceeding, which can take months.', u'A spokeswoman for the federal criminal court said that detainees generally have a right to have their appeal heard quickly, but that the court does not have to adhere to a deadline.', u'Detention in prison is the rule in Swiss cases facing extradition, according to a Swiss lawyer and a judicial official. Though bail can be granted, in practice it rarely is because detainees are considered a flight risk.', u'In addition, the canton of Zurich, where all seven were arrested and are being held in various jails, does not have an electronic monitoring system which would typically accompany house arrest, if it were granted.', u'The seven, all from the Latin American and Caribbean region,  have limited options to appeal their detention, where they have no contact with each other to avoid potential collusion, no Internet access and are allowed one hour of walking per day.', u'All have contested extradition, but under a bilateral treaty the proceedings are relatively straightforward, even if defendants have the right to appeal along the way, experts say.', u'(Reporting by Alice Baghdjian and Paul Arnold. Katharina Bart contributed reporting.; Editing by Dominic Evans/Hugh Lawson)']), ([u'India to Kick-Off Busy Home Schedule for Zimbabwe'], [u'(Reuters) - India will play three one-day internationals and two Twenty20 matches in Zimbabwe during a two-week limited overs tour next month, the managing director of Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) said on Wednesday.', u'That will be followed before September by tours to Zimbabwe from New Zealand, Pakistan and West Indies, as the African country enjoys a dramatic upturn in their international exposure.', u"ZC's managing director Alistair Campbell says the exact dates of the India matches will be released shortly, but confirmed all games will be played in Harare.", u'\u201cI can confirm that it\u2019s now a done deal. India are arriving on July 7 and will leave on the 20th after playing three ODIs and two T20s,\u201d Campbell told Zimbabwe publication NewsDay.', u'\u201cThe schedule for the matches is almost done and should be released later this week. However, I can confirm that all the India matches will be played in Harare.\u201d', u'Campbell revealed New Zealand will arrive for a limited overs series just days after India depart, while Pakistan have been pencilled in for a reciprocal tour after Zimbabwe went to the sub-continent last month.', u'\u201cWe are very pleased that India are coming and the fact that New Zealand are coming just a week after India\u2019s departure,\u201d Campbell said.', u'"There\u2019s also Pakistan who are coming in August as part of the benefits for our tour there recently and there is another tour by West Indies.\u201d', u'The exact dates and venues of the New Zealand, Pakistan and West Indies tours have not yet been decided.', u'(Reporting by Nick Said; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u"Haas Proves You Can't Keep a Good Man Down"], [u"(Reuters) - Tennis's great survivor Tommy Haas begun yet another injury comeback this week after a year out following shoulder surgery.", u"When the patched-up German had his latest brush with the surgeon's scalpel in June last year, it looked as though the former world number two would be hanging up his racket.", u'But, at the age of 37, Haas is back in action on the grasscourts at the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart -- 12 months after his right shoulder broke down.', u"He showed that his game is still intact too, beating Kazakhstan's Mikhail Kukushkin 6-4 7-5 to set up a second-round meeting with Australian Bernard Tomic.", u'"It was a very special feeling, especially when I didn\'t know what it would feel like or how you might perform walking out onto court," wildcard Haas, who recived a raptuous ovation, told the ATP\'s website.', u'"There were emotions before and after the match, but it was a great start to get a win."', u'Haas, who broke both his ankles during the early days of his career and missed most of the 2010 season after hip surgery and all of 2003 following right shoulder surgery, is yet to decide how many tournaments he will enter this year.', u'"The goal is to stay healthy, to get the shoulder better and better to a point where I feel like I am comfortable to play and can focus on trying to win matches, instead of worrying about getting enough speed on my first serve, or how it feels after a set or two," he said.', u'"These are the things that you don\'t want to worry about too much when you go out there, as matches often come down to one or two points. I\'d like to get some matches to get a feel of how it\'s like to compete. Then I\'ll make a decision from there.', u'"Overall, I am really happy. The shoulder is feeling pretty good," he added.', u'(Writing by Martyn Herman; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Villa Will Offer Benteke a New Contract, Says CEO'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Aston Villa will offer Belgium striker Christian Benteke a new deal and are confident they can make the signings they need despite uncertainty over the club's ownership, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday.", u'"We will offer Christian Benteke a new deal, of course we will," the American told reporters after a Sport Industry Breakfast Club meeting.', u'Benteke has been linked in the media to several top clubs, including champions Chelsea, after helping FA Cup finalists Villa avoid relegation from the Premier League with 12 goals in his last 13 appearances.', u'Although the player has two years remaining on his current deal, media reports have indicated he has a 32.5 million pounds   ($50.39 million) release clause and wants to play for a club who have qualified for European competition.', u'Fox pointed, however, to the example of club captain Fabian Delph who unexpectedly signed a new four-and-a-half year contract in January.', u'"No-one in the industry would have thought that was something possible or he even should have done and yet he did it," he said.', u'"I think it\'s very much about the individual and the relationship he has with the club and what his personal aspirations are."', u"Villa's American owner Randy Lerner has been trying to sell the club for some time and has said he will stand down as chairman regardless of whether he secures a buyer.", u'Fox said it would be good news for the club, who appointed  Tim Sherwood as manager only last February, if Lerner stayed on but recognised that the uncertainty over the sale "certainly creates a dynamic".', u'"Will that have an impact on how we do things and how quickly we do them? I can\'t sit here and tell you that it won\'t," he said.', u'"I still believe we will be able to make the changes we need to make in the summer to make the squad more competitive for the start of the season."', u'$1 = 0.6450 pounds', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Games-Cash-Strapped Dutch Drop Hosting of 2019 European Games'], [u'BAKU \u2014  Netherlands on Wednesday surprisingly pulled out of hosting the 2019 European Games two days before the inaugural continental multi-sports competition gets underway in Azerbaijan, saying it would cost too much.', u"The Dutch were the only bidders for an event similar to the Pan-American and Asian Games when they were awarded the hosting rights less than a month ago but the country's Olympic Committee said it had since failed to win the government\u2019s support.", u'In a letter to Parliament, Sports Minister Edith Schippers said central and regional governments were unable to provide the money the Dutch Olympic Committee was seeking.', u'"The sum requested of 57.5 million euros ($65.02 million)for the 2019 European Games is, in this time of scarcity, a burden on the resources that the authorities have at their disposal," she said.', u'Dutch media reported that the cities of Rotterdam, Eindhoven and Utrecht had declined to contribute to the financing of the event.', u'"In major sports such as athletics, equestrian sports and swimming, it is still unclear if the European Games will have enough top sporting substance, bearing in mind the relevant international federations\u2019 sporting calendars," Schippers said.', u'The decision could not have come at a worse time for the EOC, which is desperate to pitch the Games as a valued addition to the already crowded international sports calendar.', u'DISAPPOINTING NEWS', u'"This news is disappointing, but we would like to thank the Dutch for their interest," said EOC chairman Patrick Hickey in a statement.', u'"I have no doubt that we will be able to present a strong host for the 2019 European Games, but right now our focus remains on ensuring this inaugural edition is the best possible launch pad for Europe\u2019s first continental Games."', u'Azerbaijan spent millions building new venues and refurbishing existing ones for an event that will include 20 sports, 16 of which are Olympic ones.', u'A dozen sports are offering direct or indirect qualification for the 2016 Rio de Janeiro Olympics but athletics and swimming, two of the biggest Olympic federations, will not be fielding their top athletes in Baku, taking considerable shine off the project.', u'The Dutch Olympic Committee, which had planned for nationwide Games instead of just one city to make better use of existing facilities and keep the costs down, said it was "a great missed opportunity for the Netherlands."', u'The EOC said it would now resume talks with other potential hosts but said all discussions will be held in private.', u'($1 = 0.8843 euros)', u'(Additional reporting by Thomas Escritt in Amsterdam; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Messi Helped Convince Me to Stay at Barca, Says Alves'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Lionel Messi helped convince Barcelona fullback Dani Alves tostay at the European champions when he was feeling undervalued at the club, the Brazilian defender said on Wednesday.', u'Alves appeared to be on his way out of Barca having failed to agree a new deal by the end of the season and his tearful speech to fans following their Champions League win last weekend sounded like a farewell.', u'Due to become a free agent at the end of this month, Alves agreed a new two-year deal on Tuesday with an option of an extra year after some choice words from team mate Messi.', u'\u201cMessi said to me, \u2018Dani where are you going to be better off than here?\u2019,\u201d Alves told a news conference.', u'\u201cFor a long time we have said that we have a very good life here at this club and in a fantastic city with an ideal climate.', u'\u201cEverything influences you when you make a decision. We had the same conversation a year ago when they were talking about (other clubs) signing Leo and me. We realised that nowhere would we be better off than here.\u201d', u'Alves spoke angrily at a news conference last month when he said he felt that he was not appreciated by Barca.', u'He had been singled out for criticism during the first half of the season when the team failed to match the blistering start by Real Madrid but in the last few months he hit form as Barca won La Liga and the King\u2019s Cup, as well as the Champions League.', u'Alves also said that the decision by Luis Enrique to stay at the club was important in making his mind up. The coach signed a one-year extension to his contract that ties him to Barca until the end of the 2016-17 season.', u'\u201cHe has returned the club to the position where it should always have been,\u201d said Alves.', u'\u201cHe restored the motivation, the possibility of winning the treble.', u'\u201cLuis Enrique has influenced my decision because I like people who work hard and have character. I would compare myself to him especially how he was as a player.\u201d', u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Tibetan Protesters Disrupt Beijing Bid at Lausanne Hotel'], [u"LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  A small group of Tibetan protesters on Wednesday disrupted a display of Beijing's bid plans for the 2022 Winter Olympics.", u'A handful of protesters chanted slogans and carried banners outside the luxury IOC hotel in Lausanne. They were held back by security officials.', u"Three others managed to get inside the hotel, and one man got into the room where Chinese officials were displaying Beijing's bid plans to the media.", u'The man was quickly dragged away, while two other protesters unfurled flags in the lobby. All three were taken away by police.', u'The protesters, including a monk, chanted "Free Tibet" and "No More Bloody Games."', u'Beijing is competing against Almaty, Kazakhstan. The protests came a day after both cities made formal presentations to IOC members at the Olympic Museum.', u'"We fully support peaceful protest and dialogue," IOC spokesman Mark Adams said. "But protesters must also respect the laws of a country and security measures in place."', u'The protest was organized by a group called Activists of the Tibetan Youth Association in Europe. They acted out a scene of a Chinese policeman beating a female Tibetan protester on the ground.', u'The protesters say the human rights situation in China has deteriorated since Beijing hosted the 2008 Olympics.', u'Several IOC members were in the hotel lobby as the protest took place. They had visited the Beijing and Almaty bid displays earlier in the day.', u'The IOC will select the 2022 host city in a vote on July 31 in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.']), ([u"India's Dhawan Returns With Ton vs. Bangladesh"], [u"DHAKA \u2014  India's Shikhar Dhawan celebrated his test comeback against Bangladesh with an unbeaten 150 as they cruised to 239 for no loss at stumps after dominating the rain-marred opening day of the one-off clash on Wednesday.", u"On a perfect batting track, Dhawan and Murali Vijay (89 not out) feasted on the hosts' limited bowling resources even though heavy showers meant only 56 overs could be played at Fatullah's Khan Shaheb Osman Ali Stadium.", u'Vijay survived a couple of leg-before appeals while Dhawan was dropped on 73 but India skipper Virat Kohli eventually had reason to feel vindicated after deciding to bat first.', u'The left-right opening combination presented contrasting batting approaches with Vijay looking tentative while Dhawan, left out of the side from the Sydney test against Australia in January, was at his fluent best.', u'Spin was introduced as early as the sixth over and Dhawan greeted off-spinner Shuvagata Hom by hitting him for back-to-back boundaries.', u"In the next over, the 29-year-old southpaw hit Mohammad Shahid, the hosts' lone specialist seam bowler in a surprising team selection, for three boundaries.", u'In the final over, before a steady shower held up play for nearly three hours, Dhawan spooned the ball to short mid-wicket where a diving Hom got both hands to it but could not hold on.', u'The batsman went on to complete his third century from 101 balls after Vijay had helped himself to his 11th test fifty.', u'Right-handed Vijay brought up the 200-run opening stand with the only six of the day off Jubair Hossain.', u"India's 34-year-old off-spinner Harbhajan Singh, who has played 101 tests since his debut in 1998 but last featured in March, 2013 against Australia, is back in the team.", u'For the hosts, Litton Das made his test debut as captain Mushfiqur Rahim cannot keep wicket because of a finger injury.', u'(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; editing by Sudipto Ganguly and Ken Ferris)']), ([u'German FA Suggests Ending One Country, One Vote System'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  German soccer federation president Wolfsgang Niersbach has suggested changing the one-country, one-vote system used to elect the president of FIFA.', u"The proposal was part of a 10-point plan to clean up FIFA that Niersbach sent in an open letter to his country's 26,000 registered soccer clubs on Wednesday.", u"Currently, each of FIFA's 209 member associations has one vote in the presidential election, meaning that countries such as Germany and Brazil have the same voting power as tiny nations such as Liechtenstein and Antigua.", u'"I am basically in favor of this democratic participation but I think a certain weight of each vote based on the size and sporting relevance of the federations would be going in the right direction," said Niersbach.', u'The proposal is likely to increase fears among African, Asian and Latin American countries that Europe may use the FIFA crisis as a chance for a power grab.', u'"Just like any committed amateur player I am shocked by the daily news about new corruption allegations," said Niersbach in the introduction to his plan.', u'"I am stunned, just like any club representative, by these allegations about personal enrichment of some officials.\u201d', u'Niersbach said that criminal behavior needed to be "hunted down" and all corruption allegations cleared up.', u"He called for extra integrity checks before members could take their places on the executive committee and suggested limiting the FIFA president to a maximum of 12 years' in office.", u'He also proposed the executive committee members be elected by the FIFA Congress, rather than chosen by their respective continental confederations.', u'For the awarding of hosting rights for the World Cup, he said that technically weak bids should be eliminated before the final vote takes place.', u'"If FIFA had deployed this process then Qatar, with the weakest technical evaluation, would not even have reached the vote," he said, referring to decision to award the 2022 World Cup to the Gulf state.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood in Lausanne; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Dutch FA Reviewing 1996 Sponsorship Deal With Nike'], [u'AMSTERDAM \u2014  The Dutch Football Association KNVB said on Wednesday it was reviewing its 1996 national team sponsorship deal with Nike after corruption allegations by U.S. investigators against a U.S. sportswear company with details matching a Nike deal in Brazil.', u"The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation said it had found evidence of millions of dollars in bribes paid for a 1996 sponsorship deal of Brazil's national team. Nike has said it is cooperating with the investigation and that the indictment does not accuse the company of crimes.", u'The accusations are one in a series of corruption allegations that have put world football and the business around it under scrutiny.', u'KNVB spokesman Chris van Nijnatten said in-house lawyers would review documents relating to a two decade-old deal, under which Nike became the official training sponsor of the Dutch national team in 1996, taking over from the national lottery.', u'Nike did not immediately respond to a request for a comment.', u'Van Nijnatten declined to disclose the size of the contract. Nike still sponsors the national team with the deal having been renewed twice, most recently in 2014 for 12 years. The renewals are not under investigation, the KNVB said.', u'He said the KNVB did not regard Nike or any of its officials as suspects.', u'"We are doing this because so much is happening at the moment," he said. "There is no lack of confidence. Nike is not a suspect. Investigating this is a matter of professionalism."', u'World football has been rocked by corruption allegations since Swiss police swooped on a Zurich hotel last month, arresting a host of top officials from world soccer authority FIFA.', u'Long-serving FIFA head Sepp Blatter was eventually forced to announce he would resign days after being re-elected for a fifth term in the wake of the arrests.', u'(Reporting by Thomas Escritt; editing by Anna Willard)']), ([u"England's Women Display Same Old Failings"], [u"LONDON \u2014  England's women were praised for their work rate but the old failings that so often dog their male counterparts, namely a lack of flair, were all too evident as they lost to France in their World Cup opener on Tuesday.", u'They managed only three shots at goal during the 1-0 defeat in Group F and while coach Mark Sampson described the performance as giving his side "a platform" to build on, a more positive approach will be required against Mexico and Colombia.', u"It was all depressingly familiar for fans of English football who still have fresh memories of last year's World Cup in Brazil where Roy Hodgson's side again looked well short of the technical skills to compete with the best.", u"France, the third-ranked women's side, played far more creatively while England offered precious little in attack.", u'Sampson, however, appeared delighted with his team.', u'"That was an excellent England performance, " he said.', u'"If people are looking to see a group of players willing to work hard, put their bodies on the line, and stick together, they got value for money."', u'Not everyone shared his upbeat assessement.', u'Arsenal\'s 35-year-old forward Rachel Yankey, who was not included in the squad, told the BBC: "The girls really need to go out and show the world what they can do because we have got some good players.', u'"Hopefully, in the next game, England can push on more."', u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman, editing by Alan Baldwin)']), ([u"Aston Villa CEO Says Dyke's Quota Plan Lacks Support"], [u"LONDON \u2014  Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the quota of home-grown players in the Premier League could 'decimate' the academy system at clubs like Aston Villa, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday.", u'Dyke, the Football Association chairman, has proposed raising the number of English players in club squads from the current eight to 12 in a move to be phased over four years from 2016.', u"Former England and club managers have supported the proposals, designed to improve the national team's performance, but Fox said that was not the case at boardroom level.", u'"I am not supportive of it (the quota proposal) and, to be frank, I don\'t think I\'ve spoken to a counterpart within the Premier League that is supportive of it," he told a Sport Industry Breakfast Club meeting.', u'"I don\'t think that system leads to the desired outcome, in fact I think it probably leads to the exact opposite outcome," added the American.', u'"What could happen is some of our best players at 13, 14, 15, 16 get poached because it\'s much easier to take them at that age than to buy them as a fully formed star, decimating the academy system and making really my academy system not financially viable."', u'Fox also questioned the reasoning behind the proposal.', u'Dyke set up the England Commission in 2013 to look at ways of improving the chances of young English talent to succeed at the highest levels.', u'The Commission identified a lack of quality coaching and opportunities for home-grown players to play competitive first team football between the ages of 18 and 21.', u'"I still look at it and wonder what the issue is. I watched the (2014) World Cup as everybody did," said Fox.', u'"There were 11 starting Premier League players on the pitch for England and the bench was filled with starting Premier League players.', u'"There\'s something else that\'s not right if the United States, which had one current Premier League player in Jozy Altidore and Clint Dempsey who has left the league, makes it past the group stages and England doesn\'t."', u'Fox, whose club has provided a stream of England internationals, suggested playing regularly against the world\'s top talent in the Premier League was "far more important for development than creating some artificial quota system.', u'"I think...there needs to be better coaching and development at a younger age. I don\'t think the quota system is a goer," he added.', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u"Robots Could Restore 'Made in Germany' Label to Adidas Shoes"], [u'HERZOGENAURACH, Germany \u2014  German cobbler Adi Dassler revolutionized running when he started hammering spikes into track shoes almost a century ago. Today most of the 258 million pairs of shoes produced each year by his firm Adidas are made in low-cost Asia.', u'That could soon change as cheaper, faster and more flexible robots mean manufacturing - including producing fiddly footwear - could be brought closer to consumers in high-wage countries like Germany, speeding up delivery and slashing freight costs in what some call a fourth industrial revolution.', u'Adidas is working with the German government, academics and robotics firms on new technologies it hopes will trigger a significant a shift in the footwear industry as the move led by its arch rival Nike to produce in Asia decades ago.', u'The project is part of a broader drive by Adidas to catch up with Nike, which has extended its lead as the world\'s biggest sportswear firm in recent years with innovative products such as its "Flyknit" shoes made out of machine-knitted fiber.', u'"We will bring production back to where the main markets are," Adidas Chief Executive Herbert Hainer said in March. "We will be the leader and the first mover there."', u'Adidas hopes to be able to produce a custom-made running shoe from scratch in a store in Berlin by next year, using a stitching machine and a foamer to make the sole.', u'Nike, which has long faced criticism for using Asian sweat shops to produce its pricey footwear, is also investing heavily in new manufacturing methods. But it has not yet put a date on when it expects that to result in more U.S.-based production.', u'JOBS AT RISK', u'Key to moving footwear manufacturing closer to Western markets are technologies which cut the need for workers to  piece together shoes. A machine can now "knit" an upper like a sock, robots can already complete more of the final assembly of the shoe, while 3-D printing could soon allow the production of a customized sole.', u'That could threaten millions of jobs in the footwear industry in countries like China, Brazil and Vietnam, but potentially create new positions elsewhere, albeit for more highly skilled laborers working alongside robots.', u'Robots, now used mainly in auto production, could soon cut labor costs by 18 percent or more by 2025 in other sectors, the Boston Consulting Group (BCG) predicts.', u'The new technology is being closely guarded: photographers were not invited to an investor presentation at the Adidas innovation center, where it demonstrated a robot that could stick its trademark three stripes to a running shoe.', u'Nike, for its part, tried to stop Adidas producing a knitted shoe that it said violated patents for the "Flyknit" technology it launched in 2012. However, a German court ultimately allowed Adidas to resume production of its "Primeknit" shoes.', u'Nike says it can make "Flyknit" shoes with half the labor input of a typical "cut-and-sew" shoe as it has 80 percent fewer components, also resulting in 70 percent less waste as it no longer needs to cut pieces from a pattern and discard the rest.', u'Nike co-founder Philip Knight shook up the sporting goods industry that Adidas has dominated until the 1970s after putting into practice his thesis paper arguing that sneakers from lower-cost Japan could compete with pricier German-made versions.', u'Today, Asia produces 87 percent of all footwear, with China by far the biggest manufacturer, followed by India, Brazil and Vietnam, according to APICCAPS, the association of Portuguese footwear manufacturers that compiles global industry figures.', u'INCREASING SPEED TO BOOST MARGINS', u'Nike and Adidas each rely on more than 1 million workers in contract factories worldwide to make their shoes.', u'While the need for speed is one motivating factor, rising wage costs, particularly in China, are also driving the shift.', u'"That element is going up dramatically," said Glenn Bennett, head of global operations for Adidas who leads the project aimed at getting products to shoppers faster than the six weeks needed for shipments to arrive from Asia.', u'Adidas is working with companies like automotive supplier Johnson Controls, robotics experts Manz and knitting machine maker Stoll on new processes as it targets prototype in-store manufacturing by next year.', u'Adidas says more local manufacturing should leave it with less surplus stock it has to discount, helping to lift its operating margin above 10 percent from 6.6 percent in 2014, still behind the 13 percent Nike recorded last year.', u'Nike, which saw sales in North America dampened earlier this year by delays to deliveries from Asia due to labor disruption at ports on the U.S. West Coast, is unlikely to allow its German rival to get much of a headstart on localized production.', u'During a visit by U.S. President Barack Obama to Nike headquarters last month, the firm promised to create 10,000 jobs in the United States in the next decade by producing more in its home market if a trade deal with Asian countries is approved.', u'"We are putting a lot of money and a lot of resources against how our supply chain evolves to increase speed and make sure we deliver to consumers as quickly and innovatively as we can," Trevor Edwards, Nike brand president, said in March.', u'Beyond knitting and 3-D printing, other innovations helping to speed up production include bonding and gluing technologies to fuse together fabrics as well as waterless dyeing which allows pigments to penetrate textiles more quickly.', u'Yves-Simon Gloy, an expert from the Institute for Textile Technology at Aachen University who is collaborating with Adidas and sees the dawning of a fourth industrial revolution due to the emergence of "cyber physical systems", machines equipped with sensors, cameras and motors that can be adjusted using the Internet in real time.', u'But Bennett and Gloy do not expect these smart machines to completely usurp human workers.', u'"The breakthrough will probably happen in finishing the product close to the consumer," said Bennett. "Not moving the whole of the operation".', u'(Editing by Anna Willard)']), ([u'Croatia and Italy Clash in Empty Stadium'], [u'ZAGREB \u2014  Croatia and Italy will lock horns behind closed doors in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday after the Balkan nation were given a crowd ban following repeated offences by their fans.', u'In what would have attracted a full house in Croatia\u2019s Adriatic resort of Split, the top-of-the-table Group H fixture comes as an anti-climax much to the dismay of the home team\u2019s coach Niko Kovac.', u'\u201cIt is tragic for our soccer and the people that no fans will be allowed into the ground,\u201d Kovac told the Croatian Football Association website.', u'\u201cHence it won\u2019t be an enjoyable event but there will be no excuses if we don\u2019t get a result.', u'\u201cUnder the circumstances, I\u2019d be happy with a draw, especially in view of the fact that we will miss injured (midfielder) Luka Modric and (defender) Vedran Corluka through suspension.\u201d', u'The Croatians were handed a one-match crowd ban after racist chants by their fans during a 5-1 home win over Norway in March, which came on the back of incidents they caused during a 1-1 draw against Italy in Milan last November.', u'The match in the San Siro stadium was twice halted after visiting Croatia fans hurled flares on to the pitch.', u'Kovac could be tempted to field an adventurous 4-4-2 formation by partnering Leicester City striker Andrej Kramaric to Mario Mandzukic up front, while Modric\u2019s absence could unleash Barcelona\u2019s Ivan Rakitic into a free role in midfield.', u'Italy coach Antonio Conte faces a selection headache as goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon and midfielder Marco Verratti are doubtful.', u'Buffon is struggling with a left elbow injury he sustained against Barcelona in the Champions League final while Verratti picked up a knock on his left calf in training.', u'\u201cCroatia are a very good team and they proved it at the San Siro but we have to qualify,\u201d Conte told the Italian football federation.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re working on a different formation (to our preferred 3-5-2), we need to play a system that fits the personnel.\u201d', u'Fatigue after a long club season could also be a factor at both ends but Croatia\u2019s Dynamo Kiev defender Domagoj Vida is confident the home side can take a big step towards next year\u2019s finals in France.', u'\u201cExhaustion goes out the window for a big game like this, it\u2019s the group\u2019s derby and we are confident as we\u2019ve had a very good campaign so far,\u201d said Vida.', u'Croatia top the group with 13 points from five games, followed by Italy on 11.', u'(Writing by Zoran Milosavljevic in Belgrade; Editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Dutch Success Now Anything but Guaranteed'], [u'AMSTERDAM \u2014  Victory for the Netherlands in Friday\u2019s Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia would have been seen as practically guaranteed after a successful World Cup in Brazil but a faltering qualifying campaign has precipitated a confidence crisis.', u'There is an uneasy air as the Dutch travel to Riga for their Group A game, their concerns exacerbated by injury in training on Tuesday to central defender Ron Vlaar.', u'He was a certainty to shore up the back four after the Dutch warmed up last Friday for the qualifier with a desperate defensive performance in a 4-3 home loss to the United States in a friendly international.', u'Vlaar\u2019s place is to be taken by Bruno Martins Indi, said coach Guus Hiddink, whose return to the helm of the side has not lived up to expectation so far.    Robin van Persie and Wesley Sneijder in the starting line-up still makes the Dutch favourites for all three points in Riga.', u'\u201cI think that the loss to the Americans was a good wake-up call,\u201d Sneijder told reporters this week.', u'\u201cOtherwise we might have gone to Riga with a bit of a feeling of we are off on a holiday. This happens sometimes at the end of season but we have had our knuckles tapped and everyone is now a look sharper,\u201d he said of his squad mates.', u'The Dutch are third in the group, outside of the top two automatic qualifying berths, trailing the Czech Republic by six points and Iceland by five.    Losses in Prague and Reykjavik have put Hiddink\u2019s team firmly on the backfoot, less than a year after they finished third at the World Cup.', u'Latvia must do without CSKA Moscow midfielder Aleksandrs Cauna and Hamburg forward Artjoms Rudnevs for Friday\u2019s match.', u'Latvia were just seconds away from a famous win away against the Czechs in March when they gave up a last-gasp equaliser in a 1-1 draw.', u'They have drawn three and lost two of their five qualifiers, including a 6-0 loss to the Dutch in Amsterdam last November', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Justin Palmer; ', u' +27828257807 Messaging ', u')']), ([u'U.S., Serbia Lead Way Into U-20 World Cup Quarters'], [u"WELLINGTON \u2014  Rubio Rubin's blistering strike and a penalty save by Zackary Steffen ensured the United States advanced to the quarter-finals of the under-20 World Cup for the first time since 2007 with a 1-0 win over Colombia on Wednesday.", u'Rubin was at his predatory best when he fired a rocket into the roof of the net from 12 yards in the 58th minute to score the all-important goal.', u"Tab Ramos's side were reduced to 10 men in the final 10 minutes when Kellyn Perry-Acosta conceded a penalty and received his second yellow, though Steffen saved the spot kick from Jarlan Barrera, who was inconsolable at the game's end.", u'The U.S. will next meet Serbia, who made the last eight in their first appearance at the tournament as an independent nation, after an 118th-minute own goal by Hungary defender Attila Talaber handed the Serbs a 2-1 victory in Dunedin.', u'Diadie Samassekou, Dieudonne Gbakle and Aboubabacar Doumbia all scored to give Mali a surprise 3-0 victory over 2009 champions Ghana, who had been one of the more impressive sides in the tournament in New Zealand.', u'Senegal beat Ukraine 3-1 on penalties after goalkeeper Ibrahima Sy saved three shots in the shootout to advance to the last eight after their match had ended 1-1 after extra time.', u'Sy had thrived on the pressure and played to the decent-sized crowd in Auckland that went a little way to allay fears the tournament was failing to attract the attention of fans in rugby-mad New Zealand.', u"With the June 20 final at North Harbour Stadium in Auckland already declared a sell-out, organisers had been hoping the start of the knockout phase would push them closer to an 'aspirational' target of 500,000 fans attending matches.", u"The game between Serbia and Hungary at Dunedin's indoor stadium attracted 5,149 spectators, while 2,235 turned up for the early game at Wellington Regional Stadium between Mali and Ghana.", u'The U.S.-Colombia match, which was spiced up with off the ball incidents, attracted a large group of Colombian supporters, who added to the noise level in Wellington and swelled the crowd to 6,062, after the Mali-Ghana game had been played in cold and wet conditions.', u'The weather has affected the crowds at all of the games in Wellington, with FIFA statistics for the Austria-Panama group match on June 2 putting it at 2,009, the smallest crowd at the 35,000-capacity venue.', u"Local organising committee head Dave Beeche had earlier told Reuters that poor weather was always a factor in ticket sales in New Zealand's capital, no matter what sport was played at Wellington Regional Stadium.", u'Beeche had hoped to have about 500,000 fans through the gates for the 52 games at the seven venues.', u'Local organisers said more than 170,000 people had attended the 36 group phase matches. About one-third of those had been at the three New Zealand games.', u"According to FIFA's statistics, which differ slightly from the local organisers, the smallest crowd of 1115 was at the Nigeria-North Korea game in New Plymouth.", u'The opening match between the Junior All Whites and Ukraine was the largest with a sell-out of 25,000 at North Harbour Stadium.', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty/Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"UEFA's Platini Wades Into French Political Row"], [u"PARIS \u2014  Europe's football chief said on Wednesday he had officially invited French Prime Minister Manuel Valls to watch last Saturday's Champions League final in Berlin, after a row exploded about Valls' use of a government jet to get there.", u"Michel Platini, head of UEFA, also said Valls' cabinet had told him ahead of the match that he wanted to discuss the EURO 2016 tournament, to be hosted by France, and the corruption allegations engulfing world football's governing body FIFA.", u"Platini's comments could help Spanish-born Valls -- a longstanding Barcelona fan -- defend himself against mounting accusations that he treated himself and his two children to a private excursion at taxpayers' expense.", u'"I told Mr Valls that if Barcelona reached the final, I would invite him ... I kept my word," Platini told a news conference in Paris to mark the first EURO 2016 ticket sales.', u'Frenchman Platini, 59, who went into football administration after a glittering career as a player and coach, is tipped as a possible candidate to succeed his former mentor Sepp Blatter, who announced last week he would step down as FIFA president.', u"Opposition French politicians have called on Valls, who has taken a tough line against abuse of power by France's elite, to pay back the cost of the trip on the 10-seat Falcon jet.", u'Valls on Tuesday defended the visit, however, saying he was within his rights to go and discuss an important sporting event. President Francois Hollande has backed him.', u'(Reporting by John Irish and Mark John; Editing by Catherine Evans)']), ([u'From Startled Rabbits, England Roar Like Lions'], [u'LONDON \u2014  England\'s transformation from "startled rabbits" at this year\'s World Cup to record-breakers against New Zealand on Tuesday has left fans and pundits shaking their heads in disbelief.', u'The 408 for nine a rampant England amassed in 50 overs at Birmingham was their highest ODI total and set up their biggest ever margin of victory in the 50-over format, a 210-run rout.', u'Captain Eoin Morgan, who suffered a miserable time at the World Cup where England were eliminated in the group phase having played passive, old school cricket, described the display at Edgbaston as "close to perfect".', u'Former skipper Michael Vaughan, who labelled England startled rabbits after the World Cup, said on Twitter: "Still can\'t believe what we saw in Birmingham yesterday...Remarkable mindset turnaround from what we saw at the World Cup."', u"Joe Root and Jos Buttler hit centuries, in 71 and 66 balls respectively, while Buttler and Adil Rashid put on 177 for the seventh wicket as England's decision to release the shackles on their young guns paid handsome dividends.", u'Thrashed by New Zealand in February as the World Cup campaign petered out, England promised a change of approach and were as good as their word, blazing away with almost reckless abandon despite losing opener Jason Roy from the first ball of the match.', u'They responded with a blaze of aggressive strokeplay which included 14 sixes, two more than their ODI record set against South Africa in 2009.', u'"We have had an attacking mindset, but the execution hasn\'t always been there," said 28-year-old Morgan, who also managed a half century. "Attacking cricket comes naturally to the guys we have selected.', u'"We normally go into our shells, that\'s just how we play cricket in England because the ball moves around.', u'"Slowly but surely we have to move to the other end of the spectrum and stop playing safe cricket. Today is a big step towards that."', u"England's next opportunity to display their new-found verve will be in the second match against New Zealand at the Oval on Friday.", u'(Reporting by Martyn Herman; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u"Japan Striker Ando Ruled Out of Women's World Cup"], [u"(Reuters) - Japan striker Kozue Ando has been ruled out of the women's World Cup in Canada after fracturing her ankle in the holders' opening 1-0 win over Switzerland, the country's football association said on Wednesday.", u"Ando, 32, who has played over 100 times for the Nadeshiko, suffered the injury in the first half of Tuesday's win when she was clattered into by the Swiss goalkeeper and was forced off the field.", u"Japan's Aya Miyama converted the resulting 29th minute penalty to claim a 1-0 win in the Group C opener.", u'"Her characteristic aggressive play was the driving force behind our victory," Japan coach Norio Sasaki was quoted as saying of Ando by Kyodo.', u'Japan face Cameroon on Friday and then Ecuador on Tuesday.', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Alenichev Named New Spartak Moscow Coach'], [u'MOSCOW \u2014  Dmitry Alenichev has been appointed head coach of Spartak Moscow, the Russian Premier League club has announced.', u'The terms of the contract with the 42 year-old, a former Spartak captain, were not revealed in the announcement on the club website.', u'Alenichev replaces Murat Yakin who was sacked after the Red and Whites finished sixth in the Russian Premier League.', u'One of the most decorated Russian footballers, Alenichev was crowned a Russian Premier League champion in four occasions with Spartak and won the Champions League and UEFA Cup with Porto.', u'Alenichev has been in charge of Arsenal Tula since 2011.', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Bidding for 2026 World Cup to Be Postponed-FIFA Official'], [u"SAMARA, Russia \u2014  FIFA will postpone the start of bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup following the launch of a corruption investigation, a senior official in football's governing body said on Wednesday.", u'"Due to the situation, I think it\'s nonsense to start any bidding process for the time being. It will be postponed," FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke told a news conference in the southern Russian city of Samara.', u'The decision on who hosts the 2026 finals had been due to be made in Kuala Lumpur in 2017.', u"The FBI are investigating bribery and corruption at FIFA, including scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia, which won the bidding for 2018, and Qatar, which is due to host the finals in 2022.", u'Valcke was visiting Samara, one of the host venues, to see how preparations are going for the 2018 finals.', u"Despite investigations into the bidding process involving Russia and Qatar, Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said he saw no threat to Moscow's successful bid. He reiterated that it had been in line with the rules, as did Valcke.", u"As secretary general of FIFA since 2007, and as FIFA President Sepp Blatter's lieutenant, Valcke is seen as one of the most powerful men in world sport.", u'EMOTIONAL APPEARANCE', u'In an emotional appearance sitting beside Russian officials at the news conference, the Frenchman also issued a new denial of allegations of wrongdoing over $10 million in bank transactions that are under investigation by U.S. authorities.', u'The funds were transferred in 2008 to another FIFA official, Jack Warner, who was then the president of CONCACAF, which  governs football in North and Central America and the Caribbean.', u'Valcke said there were no grounds to blame him or FIFA over the way the funds - central to the U.S. bribery investigation against FIFA - were used. FIFA has also said he had no role in the payments.', u'"I really don\'t understand what is the problem and why I am such a target with this question," he said, looking exasperated and leaning forward in his chair to make his point.', u'"I am signing contracts every day ... everything has the signature of the secretary general," he said. "(But) it\'s not because I am signing everything that I am responsible for the way people are acting all around the world."', u'Valcke said he had been fiercely criticised in the media.', u'"I don\'t have to justify myself. Except maybe from my father who is 80 years old and doesn\'t understand what is going on around me. He is the only person I would still answer questions from about this," he said.', u'(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska, Editing by Timothy Heritage)']), ([u'Emotional FIFA Official Hits Back Over Payments Scandal'], [u"SAMARA, Russia \u2014  FIFA President Sepp Blatter's right-hand man acknowledged on Wednesday signing off on $10 million in bank transactions at the centre of an FBI investigation but said he had done nothing wrong.", u'At times stuttering as he tried to control his frustration, FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said he had been "destroyed" by media in his native France since the start of the FBI corruption probe at football\'s governing body.', u'Although he signed off on the payments to an account which U.S. prosecutors say was "controlled" by an official now accused of taking bribes, he denied having any other role in the payments and said any allegations against him were "insanity".', u'"I am signing contracts every day ... everything has the signature of the secretary general," he told a news conference in the Russian city of Samara, one of the 11 host cities for the 2018 World Cup finals.', u'"(But) it\'s not because I am signing everything that I am responsible for the way people are acting all around the world."', u'Taking up his pen and waving it in front of the reporters, he appeared close to losing patience.', u'"What do you want me to add? You want me to take this pen and to hit my head and say \'Hey! I have been stupid, I should have asked many more questions?\' What questions? I think this is too much now," he said.', u'VALCKE SAYS NO GROUNDS TO BLAME HIM', u'The corruption scandal erupted when police descended on a luxury hotel in Zurich on May 27 and arrested seven FIFA officials, pending extradition to the United States.', u'The $10 million payments in 2008 went to accounts held in a bank in Trinidad in the name of CONCACAF, the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football, that were "controlled" by former FIFA Vice President Jack Warner.', u"U.S. prosecutors alleged in an indictment that the money was paid in connection with an agreement Warner struck with two other FIFA leaders to vote for South Africa's successful bid to host the 2010 World Cup.", u'Valcke, one of the most powerful people in world sport, said there were no grounds to blame him or FIFA over the way the funds were used and FIFA has also said he had no role in the payments.', u'"For any money we are spending anywhere in the world there is an audit system in place... The money was requested to be spent by FIFA based on a letter I received," he said.', u'He said the South African government had asked the Local Organising Committee to confirm that the payments should be deducted from the World Cup budget and FIFA decided to appoint  Warner as the trustee.', u'The deduction from the World Cup budget was marked clearly and the money was sent to accounts that were officially recognised and had been used in the past, he said.', u'"So I am amazed that people are jumping on this today. It was so public... All of this is in these (audit) documents. Then the money was transferred," he added, at times raising his voice and looking bemused.', u'"I don\'t have to justify myself. Except maybe to my father who is 80 years old and doesn\'t understand what is going on around me. He is the only person I would still answer questions from about this."', u'(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska; Editing by Timothy Heritage and Giles Elgood)']), ([u'Russia Sees No Threat to World Cup, Valcke Says Plans on Track'], [u'SAMARA, Russia \u2014  Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Wednesday he saw no threat to Russia hosting the World Cup in 2018 and that its successful bid to host the tournament was in line with the law.', u"FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke, sitting beside Mutko after visiting one of the 2018 venues, said plans were on track and that there had been nothing in Russia's bidding process to conclude it was not in line with the regulations.", u'(Reporting by Gabriela Baczynska, Editing by Timothy Heritage)']), ([u"Cavs' Dellavedova Hospitalized With Cramping"], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  Cleveland Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova was hospitalized after experiencing 'severe cramping' following his team's victory over the Golden States Warriors in Game Three of the NBA Finals on Tuesday.", u'The feisty Australian, who has done a brilliant job in place of injured All-Star Kyrie Irving, required an IV that prevented him from meeting with the media after his 20-point performance helped Cleveland take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series.', u'Dellavedova will continue receiving treatment during the night at a Cleveland hospital and his status will be updated on Wednesday afternoon, the Cavaliers said in a statement.', u"The undrafted second-year guard was been forced into the role as the team's No. 2 scorer and defender when Irving went down with a season-ending knee injury late in the opening game of the Finals.", u'Game Four of the series is Thursday in Cleveland.', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Ex-England Boss McClaren Named Newcastle Manager'], [u'(Reuters) - Former England manager Steve McClaren was appointed Newcastle United head coach on Wednesday after the club earlier said interim boss John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone had left.', u"The 54-year-old McClaren, who was in charge of Newcastle's north-east rivals Middlesbrough from 2001-06 before taking over as England boss, has agreed an initial three-year deal that could be extended to eight.", u'"I am privileged to be appointed head coach of Newcastle United," McClaren said on the club website (', u').', u'"St James\' Park is like a cathedral on a Saturday afternoon, a symbol for the city and I am excited to be given this opportunity."', u'McClaren arrives at Newcastle after two seasons at Derby County, which ended in disappointment when they failed to make the Championship (second tier) promotion playoffs last month.', u'He was an unsuccessful manager of England, failing to qualify for the 2008 European Championship finals after replacing Sven-Goran Eriksson.', u'The Yorkshireman re-established his reputation, however, while working in the Netherlands with Twente Enschede.', u'"From my first meeting with Steve I knew he was the perfect fit for Newcastle United," said Newcastle\'s managing director Lee Charnley.', u'"I am delighted that we have secured the services of one of the best coaches in English football."', u'McClaren faces a major rebuilding job at a club that narrowly avoided relegation from the Premier League after a dreadful second half of the season.', u"Long-serving coach Carver was handed the reins at the turn of the year following Alan Pardew's move to Crystal Palace, but the team won only three games under his stewardship.", u"Despite keeping Newcastle in the top flight, Carver's long association with the club ended on Wednesday.", u'"After discussions with John it was mutually agreed that in the best interests of the club moving forward, and to enable the new head coach to build his own coaching team, we would go our separate ways," Charnley said.', u'"He is a man of great character and dignity and will always be welcome at Newcastle United. We wish him every success in the future," he added in a statement.', u'Carver said: "It has been a privilege to serve as head coach of this great football club. The fans and the region deserve a successful team and both myself and my support staff worked very hard with the squad that was available to us."', u'Stone, a former England international, had been a coach at the club since 2010.', u'(Additional reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; Editing by Ken Ferris and Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Factbox-Facts About the Inaugural European Games in Baku'], [u"BAKU \u2014  Azerbaijan's capital Baku is set to stage the inaugural European Games, the continent's first major multi-sports event. Here are some facts:", u'- - -', u'Dates: June 12-28', u'Number of athletes: 6,000', u'Number of sports: 20', u'Breakdown of sports: 16 Olympic sports, four non-Olympic sports', u'Sports offering qualification for ', u': archery, athletics, boxing, cycling, judo, shooting, swimming, table tennis, taekwondo, triathlon, volleyball and wrestling', u'Number of venues/competition locations: 18', u'Number of purpose-built venues: 5', u'Number of temporary venues: 6', u'Number of medal events: 253', u'Number of participating Olympic Committees: 50', u'Torch relay: Start April 26-End June 12', u'Overall Games budget: not available', u'Next host: Netherlands 2019', u'(Compiled by Karolos Grohmann; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Unlikely Gem: Rookie Chris Heston Leads Giants Over Mets 5-0'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Chris Heston handled the New York Mets with ease. Explaining his accomplishment was the hard part.', u"The 27-year-old rookie had just thrown baseball's first no-hitter this season, in his 13th major league start, and here he was in the interview room, flanked by San Francisco manager Bruce Bochy and catcher Buster Posey, trying to detail a most unexpected moment.", u'"Definitely something I\'ll remember forever," Heston said', u'Heston threw called third strikes past pinch-hitter Danny Muno, Curtis Granderson and Ruben Tejada in the ninth inning, completing a 5-0 victory over the New York Mets on Tuesday night.', u'In a championship rotation filled with All-Stars, his name is the one that sticks out as lacking pedigree.', u'He is far from the prototypical major league pitcher.', u'Drafted on the 47th round, he stayed in school.', u'Drafted on the 29th round, he stayed in school.', u'Taken on the 12th round, he finally signed with San Francisco in 2009.', u"And in an era of radar gun worship, Heston didn't throw a pitch faster than 91 mph.", u'"It\'s not always how hard you throw," Bochy said. "It\'s your command. It\'s your ability to mix up your pitches, keep them off balance, hit your spots, pitch to your defense. Sure, it\'s nice to have that 95-99 (mph), but if you\'re off a little bit, hitters are going to catch up with that, trust me."', u'Heston (6-4) allowed three baserunners \u2014 hitting Tejada, Lucas Duda and Anthony Recker with pitches. According to STATS, it was the third no-hitter since 1914 in which all the runners who reached did so on hit batters \u2014 and the first with more than one.', u'The right-hander struck out 11 \u2014 six looking \u2014 and allowed just two balls into the outfield, flyouts by Wilmer Flores in the second inning and Michael Cuddyer in the seventh.', u'Heston called it the greatest moment of his life.', u'"This has got to be No. 1, probably right next to my first big league appearance," he said.', u"After freezing Tejada with a 91 mph sinker for the final out, Heston didn't jump, didn't raise his arms in triumph.", u'He hopped off the mound with two steps toward the Giants dugout, slapped his glove with his bare hand, then turned, walked toward home plate and hugged Posey.', u'"I wasn\'t too sure where to go after that last out," Heston said in an aw-shucks manner, looking boyish despite a day or two of stubble.', u"He took the ball from the final out with him, but didn't have any designated place to display it. He doesn't have a trophy case.", u'"I don\'t have enough stuff for one," he said.', u"While the Giants win the World Series in even-numbered years lately \u2014 2010, '12 and '14 \u2014 they have turned no-hitters into an annual fixture, with Heston following Matt Cain's perfect game against Houston in 2012 and hitless gems by Tim Lincecum in 2013 and '14. The only other team to accomplish the feat in four straight years was the Los Angeles Dodgers \u2014 all by Sandy Koufax \u2014 from 1962-65.", u'As a crowd of 23,155 looked on at Citi Field, the closest the Mets got to a hit was in the eighth, when Brandon Crawford made a backhand stop deep at shortstop and threw to first to retire Eric Campbell for the final out of the inning.', u'"It took kind of an in-between hop. It wasn\'t an easy one, for sure," Crawford said. "That was about the toughest play of the game. Usually, there\'s a really good play that saves a hit, or maybe some hard line drives right at somebody. But there really weren\'t a lot of balls squared up."', u"The Mets, who had not been no-hit at home since 1969, hadn't gone hitless in any game since 1993 \u2014 the fourth-longest current streak behind the Chicago Cubs (1965), Oakland (1991) and Boston (1993), STATS said.", u"Despite leading the NL East, New York is 25th among the 30 teams in runs, a dearth partly due to injuries to David Wright, Daniel Murphy and Travis d'Arnaud.", u'"Obviously, those guys would have helped tonight, there\'s no question of that. But you don\'t want to take anything away," Cuddyer said. "He had a really good sinker and he kept everybody off balance with a couple of different kinds of breaking balls."', u"Heston threw 72 of 110 pitches for strikes in the 35th complete-game no-hitter by a rookie in major league history, according to STATS, the first since Boston's Clay Buchholz in 2007.", u'Heston made his big league debut last Sept. 13 against the Los Angeles Dodgers but was sent to the minors on March 20.', u'"The numbers really got him more than anything," Bochy said.', u'But when Cain started the season on the disabled list, Heston was brought up April 7. Before Tuesday, his only complete game was a two-hitter against Houston on May 12. Heston was knocked out in fourth inning against Pittsburgh in his previous start.', u'"Honestly, I think it\'s just a matter of him just kind of trying to find his way right now," Posey said after catching his third no-hitter. "He\'s still early in his career in establishing what type of pitcher he\'s going to be. And it\'s something that we all go through when we first get here."', u'Bochy, who won his 700th game as Giants manager, had an easy night in the dugout through eight innings. Then Heston plunked Recker to start the ninth.', u'"I said, \'Well, what\'s going to happen if he hits the first three? Do I get him with a no-hitter?\'" Bochy remembered.', u'No way. Old-school Bochy was going to let him keep on going.', u'"I think you know about my pitch count," the manager said. "I watched Timmy throw close to 150, so he probably could have thrown 50 the last inning."', u"When Heston returned to the Giants' clubhouse, he was met by one last ovation, this time from all his teammates.", u'"It was awesome, to walk in and having the whole team sitting there, congratulating me," he said. "Definitely a special moment. I\'ll remember that forever."']), ([u'Final Auditions for Wallabies Hopefuls in Super Rugby'], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  The race for the Super Rugby playoffs reaches its climax in the final round of the regular season this weekend, but the competition between Wallabies hopefuls for World Cup places shapes as an intriguing sub-plot in Australia.', u'The reigning champion New South Wales Waratahs, clinging to top spot in the Australian conference, will hope to stave off the challenge from the second-placed ACT Brumbies and secure a home semi-final with a big win over the lowly Queensland Reds in Sydney on Saturday.', u'At ground level, however, the Waratahs match will offer an absorbing duel between incumbent Wallabies halves Bernard Foley and Nick Phipps and their predecessors Quade Cooper and Will Genia.', u'The once-favoured Reds duo of flyhalf Cooper and scrumhalf Genia have long been superseded by their Waratahs counterparts in the Wallabies pecking order.', u'With the Reds already out of the playoffs running, the match may be their last chance to give Michael Cheika, coach of both the Wallabies and the Waratahs, second thoughts.', u'"I\'d say they will be coming here with a lot of motivation. It\'s an opportunity for them to get in front of the Australian coach and they will probably see that as an Australian trial," Daryl Gibson, an assistant coach to Cheika at the Waratahs, told local media.', u"Cooper was subdued last week as the Reds were thrashed by New Zealand's visiting Waikato Chiefs, but the week before he was stellar against Western Force on his return after two months from a serious shoulder injury.", u"Starting flyhalf Foley was relieved by the mercurial Cooper in the final two tests of the Wallabies' season-ending tour of Europe last year and does not want to give his coach any scope for a review of the status quo.", u'"We don\'t want to play a bloke like that back into form," Foley told local reporters.', u"Cheika is to name an extended Wallabies squad of 45 after this weekend's matches and shave it down to 35 for the first two tests of the Rugby Championship, which features world champions New Zealand, South Africa and Argentina.", u'A rule change by the Australian Rugby Union has allowed foreign-based former Wallabies backs Matt Giteau, Drew Mitchell and flanker George Smith to be eligible for selection.', u'Cheika said all three players had put their hands up.', u'"So it all comes down to the selection table like everyone else," Cheika told Australian Associated Press at the Wallabies\' World Cup jersey launch in Sydney on Wednesday.', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'FIFA to Elect Blatter Successor on December 16-BBC'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Scandal-hit FIFA is likely to elect a new president at a Dec. 16 emergency meeting in Zurich, the BBC reported on Wednesday.', u'"The BBC has learned that is the likely date for an emergency meeting in Zurich to decide his successor," the report said without citing sources.', u'"Representatives from all 209 member associations will be invited to the Swiss city to vote in a new presidential election," it added.', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter tendered his resignation last Tuesday, less than a week after Swiss police staged a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.', u'However, Blatter is intent on staying in office until his successor is appointed.', u'"A final decision on the date for a presidential election is not expected to be made until July, but it is believed holding an emergency congress in mid-December is Blatter\'s preferred option," the BBC added.', u'FIFA confirmed in a statement on Wednesday that its executive committee would meet in July to pick a date for the full presidential vote, with various options set to be discussed.', u"Jordan's Prince Ali Bin Al Hussein, who lost out to Blatter in election, is tipped as a possible candidate while Chung Mong-joon, the billionaire scion of South Korea's Hyundai conglomerate, is also weighing up his bid to replace Blatter.", u'(Reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi; Editing by Toby Chopra)']), ([u"Baku Will Be 'Big Bang Moment' for Games-Clegg"], [u'BAKU \u2014  The European Games will provide the momentum for the first major continental multi-sports event to establish itself in the international sports calendar, Baku 2015 chief operating officer Simon Clegg said on Wednesday.', u'On a day when Netherlands surprisingly pulled out of hosting the 2019 edition, Clegg said the event was "here to stay."', u'Azerbaijan, an unusual choice for the inaugural event starting in Baku on Friday, has poured hundreds of millions of dollars into stadiums as the nation looks to expand its market share of top sports events.', u'"What we have done is we have created a big bang moment for the European Games," Clegg, a former chief executive of the British Olympic Association, told Reuters in an interview at the organisation\'s headquarters.', u'"If you are going to have a big bang moment, particularly if you are going to fight your way into a congested sports calendar, then you want to have it for the inaugural event."', u'New, state-of the-art stadiums dot the capital of the energy-rich nation on the Caspian sea where some 6,000 athletes, representing 50 European Olympic Committees, will be competing until June 28.', u'Preparations for the Games, which are not too far removed in size from the summer Olympics, were completed in under three years when Olympic hosts have a seven-year organisation time.', u'"When we were awarded the Games in December 2012 there was not one sport committed to the programme," Clegg said referring to initial hesitation over joining the new event.', u'OLYMPIC QUALIFIERS', u'"We now have 20 sports, we turned away seven sports. Of the 16 Olympic sports, 12 are offering direct or indirect qualification for the (2016) Olympics in Rio de Janeiro."', u'"This demonstrates the event is here and it is here to stay," said Clegg, adding that future European Games would benefit from this work.', u'"My aspiration was to establish at some stage in the future this event as the pre-eminent multisports continental Games across the whole of the globe. That is where we have moved this event."', u"Hours after the interview with Clegg, however, Netherlands surprisingly pulled the plug on their 2019 event, less than a month after being awarded the European Games's second edition.", u"Not everything is rosy for Baku either, however, as Azerbaijan's human rights record has long been in the spotlight and more questions will be asked as the Games get closer.", u'Amnesty International and other human rights groups have said their officials have also been barred from entering the country, saying the government is clamping down on critics.', u'"As the COO of an operations committee I am entirely focused on the event," Clegg said. "There are certain things in my control. I recognise there are some things outside my control. But political questions have to be asked to politicians."', u'The big winner, though, even before the Games start, looks to be Azerbaijan as it eyes a possible summer Olympics bid.', u'"Azerbaijan is capable of delivering very high level major international sport events," Clegg said. "That was one of their perceived weaknesses when they bid for the (2016 and 2020)Olympics, that they did not have that track record."', u'With a string of international events scheduled for the country in the coming years, including Formula One and Euro 2020 matches, Azerbaijan will continue to be on the sports radar.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann; Editing by Ken Ferris and Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Cavaliers Have the Lead but Work to Do in the NBA Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The lead in the NBA Finals belongs to Cleveland, though some momentum may be with the Warriors.', u"So LeBron James celebrated the victory but fretted the finish after Golden State finally looked like the NBA's best team in a fourth-quarter flurry, before the Cavaliers held on for a 96-91 victory and a 2-1 lead in the NBA Finals.", u'That left James saying afterward the Cavs needed to figure some things out, while the Warriors seemed to think they already had.', u'"We hold them to 55 points for three quarters and we allowed them to break off with 36. That\'s not satisfying at all," James said of the final period.', u'"But the best teacher in life is experience. We experienced it tonight. We\'re going to watch a lot of film tomorrow on ways we can get better, close out games the best way, and we\'ll be ready for Game 4."', u'Holding on took everything the Cavs had, especially from Matthew Dellavedova, who required treatment at a hospital for severe cramping.', u"And even though Cleveland did, Golden State's confidence wasn't dented.", u'"We\'ve just got to bottle up what we did the fourth quarter and bring that for 48 minutes starting in Game 4," said Stephen Curry, who scored 17 of his 27 points in the fourth.', u'Other things to watch:', u"DELLAVEDOVA'S DETERMINATION: Shortly after James praised his scrappy point guard for his effort across 38 \xbd minutes, an NBA official announced that Dellavedova wouldn't make it to his interview because of his cramping. The Cavaliers plan to update his condition Wednesday.", u"LEBRON'S LOAD: James has been so good in this series that he scored 40 points and his scoring average actually dropped to 41 per game. He has two 40-point games in the series, two shy of the NBA Finals record held by Jerry West (1969) and Michael Jordan (1993).", u'"He understands the moment," coach David Blatt said. "He understands the situation and he is a big, big, big-time player. He can get it done."', u"NO DNP FOR D-LEE: David Lee didn't play in Games 1 or 2, but apparently has already locked up a spot in Game 4.", u"Lee got his first action of the series Tuesday and was one of the catalysts in the Warriors' comeback. He scored nine of his 11 points in the fourth quarter, helped Golden State with its rebounding problem and most importantly helped create some space for Curry with his play in the pick-and-roll.", u'"I think we found something there with David Lee that\'s working for us," Andre Iguodala said. "So he\'s going to get some more minutes, I would like to think, going forward, and then other guys will see how effective he is and they\'ll do the same."', u'Iguodala was right. Coach Steve Kerr said there would be more of Lee in the series.', u"BEEN THERE, DONE THAT: The Warriors pointed to the Western Conference semifinals against Memphis in saying their confidence wasn't shaken by their 2-1 deficit.", u"They were down 2-1 in that series against another team that plays rugged defense, then didn't lose another game in the series.", u'"This reminds me so much of the Memphis series," guard Klay Thompson said. "Hopefully it will be the same result. We haven\'t even had a good game offensively these three games and we\'re still in every game."']), ([u'FIFA Shelves Bidding for 2026 World Cup, Swiss Seize Data'], [u'SAMARA, Russia/ZURICH \u2014  Scandal-plagued FIFA postponed the bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup on Wednesday and Swiss authorities took possession of computer data from the global football body that a source said included records from the office of its President Sepp Blatter.', u'FIFA secretary general Jerome Valcke said during an event in Russia that it would be "nonsense" to start the bidding process for the 2026 tournament for the time being.', u"The FBI are investigating bribery and corruption at FIFA, including scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia, which won the bidding for 2018, and Qatar, which is due to host the finals in 2022.", u'Swiss authorities are conducting their own probe into suspected mismanagement and money laundering in connection with the award of the two tournaments.', u'The Swiss Attorney General (OAG) confirmed that "FIFA handed over today seized IT data to the OAG".', u'A spokesman added: "As already communicated, the OAG has opened criminal proceedings against persons unknown."', u"A source close to the Swiss investigation said records from Blatter's office were part of the probe. The BBC said data was also taken from the offices of Valcke and FIFA's head of finance.", u'The OAG, which took data and documents from FIFA last month, will speak with Blatter and other officials if they are of interest to its investigation, the spokesman said.', u'FIFA confirmed it had over the data.', u'The extent of the turmoil engulfing FIFA was apparent in an emotional outburst by the usually composed Valcke, who said he was being destroyed by the media in his native France and gave a theatrical\xa0defence of his decision to sign off on a $10 million payment at the centre of the U.S. bribery investigation.', u'Waving his pen in front of journalists, a visibly impatient Valcke asked: "You want me to take this pen and to hit my head and say \'Hey! I have been stupid, I should have asked many more questions?"', u'\u201cYou have decided that after Blatter I have to be next head to be cut?" Valcke said at a news conference in the Russian city of Samara, one of the 2018 host venues.', u'Blatter tendered his resignation on June 2, four days after having been re-elected for a fifth term.', u'FIFA meanwhile began the process of finding a replacement, saying its executive committee would meet in July to discuss dates for the Congress which will elect a new president.', u'CALLS FOR BLATTER TO QUIT', u'Blatter wants to remain in office until his successor is elected in order to carry out reforms at FIFA. But there have been widespread calls for him to step down at once given the gravity of the crisis facing the 111-year-old organisation.', u'His announcement came less than a week after Swiss police staged a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.', u'On the 2026 World Cup, Valcke said: "Due to the situation, I think it\'s nonsense to start any bidding process for the time being. It will be postponed."', u'The decision on who hosts the 2026 finals had been due to be made in Kuala Lumpur in 2017.', u'Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said he saw no threat to Russia hosting the cup in 2018 and its bid was in line with the law.', u"Valcke, Blatter's right-hand man, said Russia's plans were on track and there had been nothing in its bid to suggest it was not in line with the regulations.", u"In Paris, UEFA president Michel Platini, holding his first news conference since Blatter's resignation, welcomed the decision to postpone the bidding for 2026.", u'"There is no leadership at the moment, so it\'s normal that it\'s suspended. It\'s good," said Platini, who has become a leading critic of Blatter and FIFA.', u'The German Football Association meanwhile came up with a radical plan for reform of FIFA that is likely to be resisted by many of FIFA\u2019s members outside Europe.', u'Its president, Wolfgang Niersbach, said Blatter was not doing himself or football any favours by staying on.', u'Niersbach demanded a clean-up at FIFA and said its voting structure should be based on the "size and sporting relevance" of its member federations.', u"At present, each of FIFA's 209 members has a vote, giving football powerhouses Germany and Brazil the same influence as tiny Pacific islands.", u'In an early indication that the FIFA scandal is likely to have wider legal repercussions, the Dutch city of Eindhoven said it was considering suing FIFA to recover 1.5 million euros spent on the Dutch/Belgian bid for the 2018 cup.', u'A lawsuit could follow if the campaign is found to have been tainted by corruption, said spokeswoman Corine van der Putten.', u'(additional reporting by Amlan Chakraborty in New Delhi, John Irish and Mark John in Paris; writing by Brian Homewood in Lausanne; editing by Giles Elgood)']), ([u"Cavs' James Comfortable Playing 'Outside the Box'"], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  With two All Star team mates missing from the NBA Finals due to injury, LeBron James carried the Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over Golden State on Tuesday and upstaged the league's Most Valuable Player in the process.", u'James usually prides himself on his efficiency, but the four-time league MVP is facing the Golden States Warriors with a win-at-all-costs attitude.', u'"I\'m just trying to do whatever it takes to help our team win," James, who shot 14 of 34 for a game-high 40 points, told reporters after Cleveland\'s 96-91 victory gave them a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven championship series.', u'"If it\'s high-volume shooting, if it\'s high rebounding, if it\'s high assists, whatever it takes to help our team win."', u"James also added a team-high 12 rebounds and eight assists to his scoresheet in what was his third consecutive standout game in this year's Finals.", u'The Cavaliers were not expected by many to overcome the loss of three-time All Star Kevin Love to injury earlier early in the playoffs.', u'And when All Star guard Kyrie Irving was lost in the opening game of the Finals, many pundits considered the series all but over and were ready to crown Golden State as champions.', u'But James, a two-time NBA champion and the best player of his generation, is prepared to stretch himself to the limit to bring the Cavaliers a maiden NBA title.', u'"It\'s a different challenge for myself, and it\'s outside the box, but it\'s not too far. It\'s not too far for me to grab," said James.', u'"I\'m high-volume shooting, but it\'s not like I\'m going out there and I\'m not doing anything else. I\'m doing everything for our team to help our team win, and that\'s all that matters."', u'(Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Cavs' Dellavedova Out of Hospital, Ready for Game 4"], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Matthew Dellavedova walked into the interview room double-fisted \u2014 with two cups of water.', u'After being hospitalized with dehydration after exhausting himself during Game 3 of the NBA Finals, the hustling guard was upright \u2014 a good sign for the Cavaliers.', u"Dellavedova was released from the Cleveland Clinic on Wednesday and said he's ready to play Thursday night against the Golden State Warriors, who have spent the past three games being bothered by the pesky Australian.", u"Dellavedova cramped up following Tuesday night's game, and after receiving IV treatment, he was taken to the hospital for more procedures. He scored 20 points \u2014 converting a clutch three-point play in the fourth quarter \u2014 and spent 38 exhausting minutes diving on the floor, into the stands and doing all he could to stop MVP Stephen Curry.", u'"I\'ve felt like I\'ve pushed the limit a few times, but that\'s probably the tiredest I\'ve been," Dellavedova said, describing how he felt following the game. "I\'m feeling good now, though, so it\'s good we don\'t have to play back-to-backs."', u'Dellavedova has emerged as an unlikely star during this postseason while filling in for All-Star Kyrie Irving, who was lost for the season with a broken left kneecap in Game 1.', u'Dellavedova was with his teammates at the arena Wednesday for a light workout and said he intends to spend the next 24 hours getting as much fluids as he can and eating a lot.', u'For a change, the banged-up Cavs also received a positive medical update on guard Iman Shumpert, who bruised his left shoulder in the first quarter of Game 3. An MRI did not show any structural damage on the shoulder, which he dislocated earlier this season and missed six weeks.', u'"Really, really good news," coach David Blatt said.', u"Shumpert ran into a clean screen set by Golden State's Draymond Green in the first quarter. He was taken to the locker room for treatment, returned but played with virtually one arm for the rest of the game.", u'James said it was inspiring to see Shumpert keep playing.', u'"When he came back on the floor with his shoulder wrapped and knowing that he wasn\'t at 100 percent, it means everything to the team," James said. "But we just can\'t afford any more injuries. We\'re already depleted."']), ([u'U.S. Declines Comment on Ex-FIFA Chief and Haiti Earthquake Funds'], [u'WASHINGTON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The United States declined comment on Tuesday over whether it has investigated former FIFA president Jack Warner about the disappearance of money he raised for the Haiti earthquake.', u'Warner is among nine FIFA officials and five corporate executives charged by the U.S. Department of Justice with running a criminal enterprise that involved more than $150 million in bribes. FIFA is the global body governing football.', u'The BBC reported late Monday that Warner visited Haiti in 2010 and raised $750,000 from FIFA and the Korean Football Association to help Haiti victims.', u'U.S. investigators allege that Warner directed the money for his "personal use" into bank accounts that he controlled, according to the BBC, which said it had seen U.S. documents.', u'"Our office declines to comment at this time," Nellin McIntosh, press officer for the U.S. Attorney\'s Office for the eastern district of New York, which is leading the Justice Department\'s FIFA investigation, said by email.', u'In the FIFA case, prosecutors say Warner solicited bribes worth $10 million from the South African government to host the 2010 World Cup and diverted bribes for personal use.', u'Warner has said he is innocent. He surrendered to authorities in Trinidad and Tobago, and was released on bail on May 29 while the United States seeks his extradition.', u'Warner could not immediately be reached for comment on the Haiti allegations.', u'(Reporting by Stella Dawson, Editing by Alisa Tang. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women\u2019s rights, corruption and climate change. Visit ', u')']), ([u"Oakland A's 3B Brett Lawrie Sends Flowers to Injured Fan"], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Athletics third baseman Brett Lawrie has sent flowers to the woman who was seriously injured when she was hit in the head by Lawrie's broken bat at Fenway Park last week.", u'Lawrie did not want to discuss his gesture Tuesday night following Oakland\'s 2-1 loss to the Texas Rangers but said he was "glad that she\'s doing well and I\'m glad that she got my flowers."', u"Tonya Carpenter, 44, suffered what police initially said were life-threatening injuries when she was struck by Lawrie's broken bat Friday night when it flew into the stands during a game against the Boston Red Sox.", u'Her family released a statement Monday saying Carpenter is responsive, and her condition at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston was upgraded from serious to fair.']), ([u'Warriors Search for Way to Kick-Start Struggling Offense'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The top-seeded Golden State Warriors are feeling an unfamiliar sense of urgency to sort out their offensive woes in time to even up the best-of-seven NBA Finals with the LeBron James-led Cleveland Cavaliers.', u"Cleveland silenced league Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry and the Warriors' run-and-gun offense for the bulk of Tuesday's Game Three to open up a 2-1 series lead that will surely test Golden State's resolve.", u'"I\'ve always been challenged my whole career not to let made or missed shots affect what else you do on the floor," Curry said on Wednesday.', u'"It\'s not a good trait for any basketball player to kind of have your game reflect whether you\'re making or missing shots."', u'Curry had a horrendous start to Game Three but somehow found a rhythm late and finished with a team-high 27 points as Golden State clawed back from a 20-point deficit to trail by one late in the final quarter.', u"According to Curry, bringing that momentum into Thursday's Game Four will be crucial to helping his team avoid being pushed into a do-or-die situation for the first time in these playoffs.", u'"It does help to see shots go in, and you start to build a rhythm and build momentum," said Curry. "Everybody feeds off seeing the ball go in the basket and you start to feel better about yourself.', u'"If for some reason it doesn\'t go that way, we still have to find a way to impact the game and not let that affect your defense. Not let it affect your body language, not let it affect your activity level on the floor."', u'The Warriors have overcome adversity before. Their second-round playoff clash with the Memphis Grizzlies followed a similar script to the Finals in that they opened with a win before losing the next two games. Golden State went on to win the next three games to advance.', u'While the Cavaliers represent a much tougher challenge than the Grizzlies, the Warriors are not about to overreact to a pair of losses that truly could have gone either way.', u'"We\'re one win away from being right back where we need to be," said Warriors coach Steve Kerr.', u'"We\'ve been in this situation as we talked about with Memphis. So it\'s a day to regroup and see what we can do better and get our heads up and be ready for tomorrow."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"Moreland Homers, Martinez Pitches Rangers Past A's 2-1"], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Mitch Moreland hit a long home run and Nick Martinez outpitched Sonny Gray as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 2-1 on Tuesday night.', u'Prince Fielder drove in a run and Shin-Soo Choo added two hits to help lead the Rangers to their major league-best 20th road win. Texas has won three of four on its current trip to pull within two games of AL West-leading Houston.', u'Moreland had gone hitless in 10 previous at-bats against Gray (7-3) before connecting for his seventh homer of the season in the sixth inning. The ball easily cleared the wall in center field and bounced off the facade underneath a row of luxury seats.', u'Martinez (5-2) allowed one hit over six shutout innings. He struck out three and walked three.', u'Four relievers completed the five-hitter. Shawn Tolleson pitched the ninth for his eighth save.', u"Martinez, who beat the A's on April 9, didn't allow a hit until Josh Reddick's leadoff double in the fourth. He pitched with runners on base each of his six innings.", u"Delino DeShields tripled off Gray and scored on Fielder's two-out single in the third. Moreland's leadoff shot in the sixth made it 2-0.", u'Gray allowed eight hits and both Texas runs in six innings after giving up only two runs over his previous 21 innings. He struck out six and walked one while losing for the first time since May 19.', u"Oakland scored on Stephen Vogt's RBI single off Ross Detwiler in the eighth.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: Adrian Beltre\'s sore left thumb is still bothering the third baseman and there\'s no timetable yet for his return. Beltre has not played since May 31. "There\'s still some healing going on, on the inside," manager Jeff Banister said. "This is a man who has played through a lot during his career. He wants to be on the field." ... LHP Martin Perez (elbow surgery) will pitch three innings for Double-A Frisco on Wednesday. ... 1B Kyle Blanks (cyst) hit before the game and could play in this series, Banister said.', u"Athletics: RHP A.J. Griffin (elbow surgery) will make his third rehab start Friday and pitch five innings for Triple-A Nashville. Griffin's two previous starts this year came with Class A Stockton. ... 1B Ike Davis (strained left quadriceps) is expected to run the bases Wednesday and could begin a rehab assignment this weekend. ... Switch-pitcher Pat Venditte worked a scoreless ninth in his third appearance in the majors.", u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: RHP Yovani Gallardo (6-6) tries to win three consecutive starts for the first time since 2013.', u"Athletics: RHP Jesse Hahn (3-5) takes the mound in the middle game of the series hoping for some help from Oakland's defense. The A's have committed 10 errors leading to eight unearned runs with Hahn is pitching."]), ([u'Dodgers Beat Diamondbacks 3-1 Behind Howie Kendrick'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Howie Kendrick homered and snapped a seventh-inning tie with a two-run single, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers past Arizona 3-1 Tuesday night for their sixth consecutive win against the Diamondbacks.', u'The first-place Dodgers have won eight straight and 12 of their last 13 at home against Arizona since April 2014.', u'Adam Liberatore (2-1) got one out for the victory. Kenley Jansen retired the side in the ninth to earn his seventh save.', u'Robbie Ray (1-1) took the loss, giving up two runs and four hits in 6 2-3 innings. He struck out four and walked four.', u"Kendrick singled to center in the seventh, scoring Chris Heisey and Yasiel Puig for a 3-1 lead. Heisey drew a two-out walk from Ray and went to third on Puig's double off Addison Reed before Adrian Gonzalez was intentionally walked to load the bases.", u'Kendrick tied the game 1-all with his sixth home run in the sixth.', u'The Diamondbacks took a 1-0 lead in the second when Jarrod Saltalamacchia scored on the second of two wild pitches by Dodgers starter Carlos Frias.', u'Light rain fell on and off during the game as the remnants of Hurricane Blanca moved north from Mexico, creating unusual humidity and windy conditions.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Dodgers: 3B Justin Turner, who pulled himself out of Monday's series opener after fouling a pitch off his left kneecap and then aggravating it by diving for a ground single in the hole by Ender Inciarte, didn't play. ... OF Scott Van Slyke, who hasn't played since May 30 because of a back injury, will start a minor league rehab assignment soon. ... RHP Joel Peralta, on the DL since April 26 with a pinched nerve in his neck, is set for his first rehab outing at Class A Rancho Cucamonga on Thursday. ... RHP Brandon League's second rehab appearance is Wednesday with Rancho Cucamonga. He is working his way back from shoulder inflammation.", u'UP NEXT', u'Diamondbacks: RHP Jeremy Hellickson (4-3, 4.88 ERA) starts the series finale. He is 2-1 in five road starts with a 3.82 ERA, including four straight outings of three runs or fewer.', u'Dodgers: LHP Brett Anderson (2-4, 3.29) has lost two straight. He has yet to get a decision in two starts against the Diamondbacks this season and has a 2.25 ERA while limiting the opposition to a .233 batting average.']), ([u'China FA Off-Side After Race-Based World Cup Qualifier Poster'], [u'HONG KONG \u2014  The Chinese Football Association has drawn criticism for publishing a promotional poster that warns not to underestimate Hong Kong\'s team of "black, white and yellow" players ahead of their World Cup qualifiers.', u"The poster, published on the CFA's official WeChat account, shows an image of three bare-chested soccer players on a red background with the caption:", u'"Don\'t underestimate any opponent. This team has people with black skin, yellow skin and white skin. For such a diverse team, be on guard!"', u'Former British colony Hong Kong was returned to Chinese rule in 1997 but fields many of its own sports teams in international competition.', u'China is to play Hong Kong in World Cup qualifiers at home on Sept. 3 and away on Nov. 17.', u'Hong Kong have a number of foreign-born players including England-born forward Jaimes McKee and Ghana-born Christian Annan.', u'"Using skin colour to provoke your opposition, that\'s thinking. See how you deal with that if it becomes a fuss overseas," one post on Chinese web portal ', u' remarked.', u'Forward Annan told Hong Kong newspaper, the South China Morning Post, that his team mates were unfazed by the poster.', u'"Once we are on the field of play, it does not matter which colour we are, black, white or whatever as long as we are members of the Hong Kong team," he said.', u'"I think in a way it is a good thing that the Hong Kong team are being proclaimed like this -- it means they have to be aware of us.', u'"In the end soccer is a mind game and we don\'t care about this kind of thing. We just concentrate on our matches and it will push us to work hard when people try to say something to bring you down."', u'The Hong Kong Premier League responded to the controversy with a parody poster on its Facebook account, with the caption that the "black, white and yellow players" had one goal, to unite for Hong Kong.', u'The CFA published three other posters on the other teams they will meet in qualifying -- Bhutan, Qatar and Maldives -- sharing the same slogan: "Do not underestimate any opponent."', u'The poster for Bhutan said to be "on guard" against a team that had an aeroplane pilot, while the Maldives were a "proud" team whose coach had said they wanted to beat China to finish second in Asia\'s qualifying group C.', u'Qatar, meanwhile, were a team with "many naturalised players".', u'"For such a rich team, be on guard!" the poster said.', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Inaugural European Games Are Playing With a Divisive Host'], [u'PARIS \u2014 It\u2019s long seemed a curiosity that Europe, the continent where the Olympics were created and revived, didn\u2019t have its own multisport extravaganza.', u'Other continental blocs have had such events for decades: the Pan-American Games, the Asian Games, the All-Africa Games, even the Pacific Games.', u'This week, Europe finally joins the club with the first European Games. The upside and the downside is that they are being staged, beginning on Friday and ending June 28, in Baku, Azerbaijan.', u'The upside is that Azerbaijan and, above all, its sports-minded president, Ilham Aliyev, had the means and the nation-promoting zeal to fully fund this very expensive project in its start-up phase.', u'\u201cUp until now no one had the political will or the financial resources to grasp the nettle and stand up to the plate and say, \u2018I\u2019ll give it a go,\u201d\u2019 Simon Clegg, the chief operating officer for the European Games, said in a telephone interview.', u'The downside is that ', u' has made the event something of punching bag before it has even begun. It\u2019s all too easy to view the Games as the latest manifestation of an apparent trend toward repressive, resource-rich states staging big sports events to serve propaganda purposes.', u'\u201cIn Azerbaijan, it is by any yardstick the worst moment for human rights, press freedom and other basic liberties in the post-Soviet period,\u201d said Minky Worden, director of global initiatives for Human Rights Watch. \u201cIf the first European Games is contaminated by an environment of repression, then what sort of message does that send, bearing in mind that very soon Kazakhstan and China will compete for the right to host the 2022 Winter Olympics?\u201d', u'Political divisions are apparent. President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia is one of the European heads of state planning to attend the opening ceremony on Friday, while Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany and other German political leaders have declined to take part.', u'\u201cThat the European Games are to be held in Azerbaijan suggests that, like the projected ', u', the Games will primarily be a vanity project for the regime, as indeed are most sporting mega-events today,\u201d said Tony Collins, a professor at the International Center for Sports History and Culture at De Montfort University in Britain.', u'The European Games are surely mega in some departments. There will be 6,000 athletes from 50 nations competing in 20 sports, of which 16 are Olympic disciplines and 12 are using the Games as an Olympic qualifier, according to Clegg. The event also has an official budget of about one billion euros, or about $1.11 billion, but which is certainly much higher given not only the scale and quality of the new stadiums and other Games venues but also the fact that the organizers are covering all travel and accommodation costs for the athletes.', u'But the European Games are not mega in sporting import \u2014 at least not yet.', u'The date, in an overstuffed sports calendar, is quite good, coming the year before the ', u' and in a window between the annual ', u'final and the ', u'.', u'But track and field will only have a low-level team event in Baku, and the swimming events will be junior events.', u'This is in part because both track and field and swimming already have longstanding European championships, both set next for 2016. A potential rival event, the European Sports Championships, has also surfaced, which would package various championships in 2018 as a multisport whole.', u'But Svein Arne Hansen, the Norwegian recently elected president of European Athletics, said he was open to his sport playing a bigger role in the next European Games, which is planned for 2019 but is without a host country after the Netherlands pulled out.', u'\u201cI think this is part of the future, the European Games, so I have no reason not to welcome it,\u201d he said by telephone from Iceland, where he was attending the Games of the Small States of Europe. \u201cBut we have to agree with the European Olympic Committees about how to take part in the future.\u201d', u'For now, Azerbaijan has certainly built the stage \u2014 the new Olympic Stadium in Baku has a capacity of 68,000 \u2014 but the big European stars, for the most part, won\u2019t be there. Even one who intended to come, the French judoka and Olympic gold medalist Teddy Riner, withdrew because of injury.', u'\u201cThere was a degree of skepticism and cynicism as to whether this event was needed or whether it was even wanted,\u201d Clegg acknowledged. \u201cBut we should never forget that Baku was awarded the Games in December 2012, just 30 months ago, and most Olympic cities or Olympic winter cities or even Pan-American Games and Asian Games organizing committees get six or seven years.\u201d', u'Baku, twice an unsuccessful bidder for the Summer Olympics, was the only viable candidate for the inaugural European Games. President Aliyev has a deep connection with sports and has long been the head of Azerbaijan\u2019s Olympic Committee. In that capacity, he came in contact with Patrick Hickey, the European Olympic Committees\u2019 president and driving force behind the European Games. Mr. Hickey said the idea really gathered speed when he and his wife attended the ', u'.', u'Any Europe-wide public clamoring for the event has been harder to detect. Collins said that \u201cthe fact Europe has been divided by empire and the Cold War for the past century\u201d was one of the main reasons why there had never been a European Games.', u'\u201cBut I think three things have changed,\u201d he said. \u201cFirstly, the growing amount of money available for sports events from broadcasters. Secondly, the sense that Europe itself is changing, as seen in the expansion of the European Union and the increasing links between former Soviet bloc states and Western Europe. And thirdly, although some may dispute this, a growing hubris among sports administrators that gives them a heightened sense of \u2018if you build it, they will come,\u2019 to borrow a phrase from American sporting myth.\u201d', u'The public relations challenge has been considerable, with activist groups focusing on Azerbaijan\u2019s alleged lack of political freedoms, including the incarceration of journalists. Worden said the crackdown has been an attempt to avoid a repeat of the negative reporting and protests around the 2012 Eurovision song contest held in Baku. ', u', one of the country\u2019s most prominent investigative reporters, who Worden said had explored the Aliyev family\u2019s financial dealings, has been in pretrial detention since December.', u'\u201cHuman Rights Watch research over a period of a decade has proven that if you give these mega sporting events to a repressive regime, like a China, Russia or Azerbaijan, you are going to exacerbate the existing human rights problems,\u201d said Worden, who testified earlier this year at the European Parliament.', u'Hickey has met with Worden and others. \u201cWe push and nudge as much as we can, but at the end of the day, absolutely we cannot dictate to a sovereign state what to do,\u201d Hickey said.', u'Messages forwarded to Azerbaijani government officials for this article were not answered. But Hikmat Hajiev, a Foreign Ministry spokesman, told BBC News last week: \u201cNo one in Azerbaijan is persecuted based on his or her political beliefs or activities. The rule of law and the full independence of judiciary is also guaranteed in Azerbaijan.\u201d', u'The country has a population of about 10 million, about 40 percent of it under the age of 25. So the government is hoping to use the Games to promote physical activity among its youth.', u'Baku, on the shores of the Caspian Sea, is far from Europe\u2019s traditional cultural and sporting hubs. But it is scheduled to host a Formula One race next year, the Islamic Solidarity Games in 2017 and four matches of the European soccer championships in 2020. And the Olympic quest, one presumes, is not over.', u'But first challenges first: For the next two weeks, Baku will be the rather unlikely home of the European Games, a concept whose time has finally come but whose contemporary relevance and long-term future remain uncertain.']), ([u'LeBron Steers Cavs Past Warriors to Close In on NBA Title'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James turned in another virtuoso playoff performance in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a thrilling 96-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday and a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven NBA Finals.', u'James had a game-high 40 points to go along with 12 rebounds and eight assists in front of a raucous crowd of red T-shirt-clad fans, as Cleveland grabbed the upper hand in the championship series against the top-seeded Warriors.', u'"I didn\'t see (James) take bad shots at all. I thought he was great," Cleveland head coach David Blatt said of James, who went 14-of-34 from the field.', u'"I thought he controlled the game and helped his team to play the way that we wanted to play."', u'Cleveland never trailed in the game and led by as many as 20 points late in the third quarter but were put to the test as Golden State clawed back within a point with under three minutes remaining.', u"The league's reigning Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry had a horrible start to the game for Golden State but used a strong fourth quarter to finish with a team-high 27 points.", u'But Curry made a costly error with two minutes to play and his team down by four points when he sent a behind-the-back pass out of bounds with no team mate in sight.', u"On Cleveland's ensuing possession, James drained a three-pointer that put the Cavaliers ahead 87-80 and brought the delirious towel-waving crowd to their feet.", u'Golden State, with Curry finally finding a groove, looked ready to take a stab at tying the game when they were awarded the ball with 17 seconds to play only to have game officials reverse a call and give Cleveland the ball.', u'From there, James drained a pair of free throws to put the game out of reach.', u'"I didn\'t like our body language for much of that first three quarters," said Warriors head coach Steve Kerr. "This is what we have to fight through. Things aren\'t going our way, it doesn\'t matter, you\'ve got to fight through."', u"The Cavs, who were already heavy underdogs before losing All-Star guard Kyrie Irving to a knee injury in the opener, are suddenly two wins away from a maiden NBA title and ending the city's 51-year drought in major sports championships.", u'Game Four is on Thursday in Cleveland.', u'(Editing by Peter Rutherford/Ian Ransom)']), ([u'LeBron, Cavs Survive Warriors Comeback, Win Game 3 96-91'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  LeBron James is doing more than ever. With the Cavaliers missing two All-Stars, he has no choice.', u'"I\'m so outside the box right now," he said.', u'And two wins from a championship \u2014 one like no other.', u"Pushed by a crowd howling to see Cleveland's 51-year title drought end, James scored 40 points, his new sidekick Matthew Dellavedova added 20 and the Cavaliers survived Golden State's furious fourth-quarter comeback led by Stephen Curry for a 96-91 win over the Warriors on Tuesday night to take a 2-1 lead in the NBA Finals.", u"James added 12 rebounds and eight assists in 46 minutes, his third stellar performance in his fifth straight finals. The Cavs, who won Game 2 at Golden State for their first ever finals win, got their first at Quicken Loans Arena, which shook from start to finish. They'll have a chance to take a commanding 3-1 lead in the best-of-seven series in Game 4 on Thursday night.", u"Through three games, James has played 142 of 154 possible minutes, scored 123 points and taken 107 shots. With Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love out with injuries, it's all on James to deliver. So far, he has.", u'"I\'m just trying to do whatever it takes to help our team win," he said. "It\'s the finals, and it\'s whatever it takes. This is a totally different challenge."', u'Cleveland nearly threw Game 3 away. The Cavs, who led 92-83 with 51 seconds left, had to withstand a scoring flurry by Curry.', u"The league's MVP finally found his shooting touch in the fourth quarter, scoring 17 points as the Warriors, who trailed by 20 in the third, refused to go away. Golden State got a huge lift from reserve David Lee, but they rode Curry, who made five 3-pointers \u2014 his last with 18.9 seconds to pull the Warriors within 94-91.", u'Cleveland then caught a break when referee Danny Crawford blew an inadvertent whistle with 17.5 seconds to go after Golden State appeared to force a turnover. The officials, who have come under scrutiny for several missed calls in the series, then reviewed the play and it was clear that Klay Thompson was out of bounds when he made contact with the ball that Dellavedova was holding in his hands.', u"James was fouled and made two free throws with 16.8 seconds left. On Golden State's last possession, Andre Iguodala appeared to get fouled on a 3-point attempt and the Cavs pulled down the rebound to close out a win that nearly slipped away.", u'"We\'re a young group," James said, "and like I told the group, \'It\'s OK.\' We haven\'t been in a lot of these situations, if any, with this group."', u"Curry finished with 27 points but had three turnovers in the final minute. Iguodala scored 15, Klay Thompson, 14 and Lee, who didn't play in Games 1 or 2, had 11.", u"Despite the loss, Curry feels he's now in a rhythm.", u'"I think I found something when it comes to how I\'m going to be able to attack their pick-and-rolls," Curry said. "I\'ll keep that in the memory bank going into Game 4."', u'James once again was helped by Dellavedova, the pesky Australian guard who hounded Curry for three quarters, dived on the floor for loose balls and came up with a huge three-point play, flinging in a layup as he fell with 2:27 left to put the Cavs up 84-80.', u'Dellavedova was treated for cramps and did not appear at the postgame news conference. The Cavs said he received IVs and was taken to the Cleveland Clinic for further procedures.', u'He left everything on the floor.', u'"He\'s going to throw his body all over the place," James said.', u"After two overtime games in Oakland, Game 3 didn't have quite the same last-second drama, but it didn't lack any intensity as players were sprawled on the floor fighting for loose balls like the Browns and 49ers scrambling for fumbles.", u'The Cavs seemed to take control in the third, building their 20-point lead with a breathtaking 12-0 run that included 3-pointers by James and J.R. Smith. Curry ended the spurt with a 3 and the Warriors opened the final period with a 13-2 blast to make it 74-68.', u"Curry, who went just 2 of 15 on 3s in Game 2, hit a couple did-he-really-just-do-that 3s in the fourth that have made him one of the game's most captivating players before the Warriors ran out of time.", u"Still, they're confident they can come back again.", u'"I\'m telling you that right now," Thompson said, "if we get our offense back, which we will, we\'re going to win this series."', u"As if Cleveland didn't have enough injuries, Iman Shumpert, one of the team's top defenders, hurt his left shoulder in the first quarter after running into a clean screen set by Warriors forward Draymond Green. It's the same shoulder Shumpert injured while he was with New York earlier this season, sidelining him for six weeks.", u'Shumpert returned midway through the second quarter, knocking down a 3-pointer to put the Cavs ahead by seven but he played virtually with one arm the rest of the way.', u'"We can\'t afford another injury," James said, forcing a smile.', u"James wanted Cleveland's crowd to be louder than he's ever heard, and from the moment they entered the building, they tried to oblige.", u'They chanted "Del-ly, Del-ly" during warmups and alternated hollering "Let\'s Go Cavs!" and "De-fense" on nearly every possession.', u'Now two wins from a title, Cleveland is only going to get louder.']), ([u'Jeff Blashill Named Coach of Red Wings'], [u'Jeff Blashill was hired as coach of the ', u', ending an unsuspenseful search that began when Mike Babcock left to take over the Toronto Maple Leafs. Blashill has coached Detroit\u2019s minor league affiliate in Grand Rapids, Mich., for the past three seasons, and he was an obvious candidate for the Red Wings once Babcock left.', u'\u25a0 Vladimir Ruzicka, the Czech Republic ice hockey coach, has resigned after allegations by parents that he demanded money to give their sons a chance of playing when he was in charge of the Slavia Prague club. Ruzicka has denied any wrongdoing.']), ([u'Eugenie Bouchard\u2019s Slump Extended'], [u'Top-seeded Eugenie Bouchard lost in the first round at the Topshelf Open in \u2019s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands. Bouchard, who last year became the first Canadian to reach a Grand Slam singles final, at Wimbledon, was beaten by Yaroslava Shvedova, 6-4, 1-6, 6-4. Bouchard reached three Grand Slam semifinals last year but has lost nine of her past 10 matches.', u'\u25a0 Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska advanced to the second round of the grass-court Nottingham Open in England, beating Alla Kudryavtseva, 6-0, 6-3, in her first match since she lost in the first round of the ', u'.', u'\u25a0 Fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic advanced to the second round of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany, by beating Jan-Lennard Struff, 6-3, 7-6 (5). Eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki also advanced, beating the teenager Borna Coric, 6-2, 6-0.']), ([u'From Pet Project to Reality, the Man Behind Europe\u2019s Games'], [u'It is very much undervalued and that was one of the reasons we were keen to promote these Games. Up until the Beijing Games in 2008, Europe used to win about 68 percent of the medals at Summer Olympics and after Beijing we dropped to less than 50 percent. We examined the reasons for that. The first reason, of course \u2014 and it\u2019s great to see \u2014 is that the other continents have become stronger and stronger, and that\u2019s a great thing for sport and the Olympic movement. But the second thing is that there was no sense of \u201cEuropeanness.\u201d O.K., they all have their European championships, but there was no huge, multisport event like the Pan-Am Games or the Asian Games. We decided that something was needed to correct the medal imbalance, for us to climb back up the ladder and also give these athletes a chance of a multisport games to get them used to what they are going to have in the Olympic Village.', u'We\u2019re getting hammered with that on a regular basis because, naturally, all the world bodies are concerned about that. As we are. And we\u2019ve been very open. We\u2019ve met with Human Rights Watch International, who are a global, collective agency for most of the groups. Then we appeared in front of the European Parliament in Brussels three weeks ago. They have huge power internationally, and we got grilled in there. We go down the same line as the I.O.C., same as the Beijing Games: We cannot dictate to any sovereign government as to how to operate and what to say, but what we do is silently and behind the scenes make our position known and try to edge things along.', u'I view it as the nearer we get to the Games, the more the pressure will come. The same thing has happened with the I.O.C. in Beijing and the Tibet issue. The same probably will happen with whoever wins between Almaty and Beijing [in the competition to host the 2022 Winter Olympics]. So we\u2019re not the world policeman, but it is an issue in Europe. Some countries don\u2019t raise it, and some are very strong. It\u2019s very strong in the likes of Germany. You don\u2019t hear about it so much in other countries, but we\u2019re very conscious of it. We\u2019re very respectful to it.', u'I don\u2019t see that anybody went out there with a plan to determine this. I think this is just what happened. There has never been an Olympic Games in the Middle East. They have all these challenges, because of the climate and the weather. And we ended up in Azerbaijan purely because Europe went into an economic downfall, and they were the only country viable that could run it at that time. But I think it\u2019s very democratic the way we have swung back now to Western Europe and the next time around the Netherlands [chosen to host the 2019 European Games]. I think there has to be a balance in the continent between north, south, east and west.  Next time maybe we\u2019ll go down to one of the Mediterranean countries. I think a lot depends on the geopolitical situation at the time. But I don\u2019t think that there was any predetermined plan. I think that all of this just happened.', u'Oh, absolutely,  from the sporting point of view and from the treatment the athletes will get. But the other thing we are very proud of  \u2014 and of course the media never hit upon this because they only want to look for negatives \u2014 is that we\u2019ve done a remarkable thing in that Azerbaijan is officially at war with Armenia, and we have persuaded Armenia to send a full team to participate and we have persuaded Azerbaijan to accept them. People lose sight of it because of what is going on in Iraq, Syria and Libya. But there is the disputed territory of Nagorno-Karabakh between the two countries, and there\u2019s friction on the border every day.', u'We went there last September, with I.O.C. President Thomas Bach, and we met the president of the country. Armenia\u2019s national Olympic committee was always in favor [of participating in the Games], because they wanted to keep the Olympic tradition of no boycotts and everyone participating, and we were received very well. It was a powerful ally to have the president of the I.O.C. sitting beside me.  They gave a commitment. Now they are coming and will have a team of about 25 or 30 athletes. It\u2019s a great success for everybody. There was a big debate within Armenia because there is deep hatred between the countries. Lots of families were unhappy to let their athletes go. I understood the significance of it coming from Ireland, living through the troubles of Northern Ireland.']), ([u'Masahiro Tanaka Flashes Form and Substance in Yankees Win'], [u'Give or take an inch, a few pounds and two or three miles per hour on their fastballs, Masahiro Tanaka and Max Scherzer are aesthetic equals.', u'Scherzer\u2019s career in the majors has been longer and therefore more accomplished \u2014 including a 2013 Cy Young award \u2014 but Tanaka continues to prove his place among the game\u2019s best arms. On Tuesday, Tanaka outdueled Scherzer, pitching seven standout innings and limiting the Washington Nationals to five hits and one run as the Yankees won their seventh straight game, ', u', at Yankee Stadium.', u'Tanaka seamlessly followed up on his dazzling June 3 return, in which he limited the Seattle Mariners to three hits and one run in seven innings while striking out nine.', u'\u201cNo doubt,\u201d Stephen Drew said when asked if Tanaka was comparable to Scherzer. \u201cLook at his last outing. The good thing is he\u2019s healthy. When you\u2019ve got a healthy Tanaka like that, he\u2019s pretty dominant.\u201d', u'Tanaka, though, was not quite ready to anoint himself in the same class as Scherzer.', u'\u201cObviously, I knew who I was going up against today, a good pitcher,\u201d Tanaka said through an interpreter. \u201cBut still, I\u2019ve only had one year and a little bit here, so still I have to sort of build myself up to being a better pitcher.\u201d', u'Still, Manager Joe Girardi thought that Tanaka (4-1) relished the opportunity to face a fellow ace.', u'\u201cI think he enjoys the stage; I think that\u2019s one of the reasons he came to New York, too, because I think he likes the competition and the excitement of pitching here,\u201d Girardi said.', u'Tanaka\u2019s and Scherzer\u2019s mechanics contrast in style, but early in the game, they matched each other in efficiency.', u'Scherzer is the more imposing right-handed presence on the mound, expanding every inch of his 6-foot-3 frame to maximum effect.', u'He begins his pre-windup by raising his right hand in his glove over his head before resting his arms in front of his face, forming an inverted V. Turning his left foot, he taps his right foot twice before planting back on his left and throwing an assortment of mid-90s fastballs, changeups and breaking pitches.', u'Scherzer repeated the process with good results through six innings \u2014 Drew\u2019s solo home run in the third was the only blemish \u2014 before the Yankees broke open the game by scoring four runs in the seventh.', u'The Yankees occasionally tried to disrupt his rhythm by stepping away from the plate. Thrown off his routine, Scherzer (6-5) sneered and jerked his body in disapproval, only to continue throwing strikes.', u'Tanaka\u2019s motion is less constrained, and he is less emotional, but he baffled the Nationals nonetheless. Unlike Scherzer, Tanaka opens by forming a V below his waist with his right hand in his glove. He then slowly brings his arms up to his chest, stepping back with his left foot, while keeping his right foot on the rubber. Sweeping his left leg around like a slingshot, Tanaka fires to the plate.', u'\u201cThe amount of strikes that he\u2019s throwing is outstanding,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cI don\u2019t think you could ask for any more than what he\u2019s done.\u201d', u'His only mishap came in the fourth when Bryce Harper hit his 20th home run of the season, clearing the center-field wall just left of Monument Park.', u'Tanaka is more finicky than Scherzer, occasionally massaging the ball or adjusting his sleeves. But no matter his approach, he looked to have put behind him the right forearm strain and wrist tendinitis that sent him to the disabled list for more than a month earlier this season. He left the game after throwing 87 pitches.', u'The Yankees got to Scherzer as he topped 100 pitches in the seventh. With Ramon Flores on second base, Brett Gardner on first and two outs, Alex Rodriguez hit a sharp ground ball that shortstop Ian Desmond snagged with a diving lunge to his right. Desmond tried to force Flores at third but hit him in the leg with the throw, allowing Flores to score.', u'Scherzer left the game down by 2-1. Matt Thornton intentionally walked Mark Teixeira to load the bases, and Brian McCann and Carlos Beltran followed with R.B.I. singles to complete a four-run inning.', u'Drew, whose home run was his 1,000th career hit, homered again to right field in the eighth. Last Friday, Drew hit two home runs against the Los Angeles Angels.', u'INSIDE PITCH', u'The Yankees\u2019 top draft choice, James Kaprielian, a right-handed pitcher from U.C.L.A. who was selected with the 16th overall pick, will be represented by Scott Boras. Kaprielian, a 40th-round draft pick by Seattle out of high school in 2012, said in a conference call that going to college was \u201cthe best decision I could have made.\u201d Kaprielian grew up in Tustin, Calif., in the same Orange County area where the former Yankees first-round picks Ian Kennedy and Phil Hughes grew up. When Alex Rodriguez worked out at U.C.L.A. last fall, Kaprielian did not introduce himself, saying he did not want to bother Rodriguez. \u201cEvery time he was out there, I\u2019d make a stop to the batting cages just to watch his work and how diligent he was,\u201d Kaprielian said.']), ([u'Tuesday at the Women\u2019s World Cup'], [u'BRAZIL beat SOUTH KOREA, 2-0, in the late game in Montreal. Earlier, SPAIN controlled the ball for much of the second half and had a late scoring chance, but COSTA RICA held on for a 1-1 draw.', u'In rainy Moncton, New Brunswick, FRANCE outshot ENGLAND, 16-3, but only Eug\xe9nie Le Sommer was able to score in a 1-0 victory for France, which has not lost to England since 1974. The goal, in the 29th minute, was Le Sommer\u2019s 45th for France but her first in a Women\u2019s World Cup.', u'Later, Daniela Montoya scored ', u' to give COLOMBIA a 1-1 tie with MEXICO.', u'Marta of Brazil scored her 15th Women\u2019s World Cup goal, becoming the tournament\u2019s career leader. A five-time world player of the year, she scored on a penalty kick in the 53rd minute, pushing her past the retired Birgit Prinz of Germany on the goal list. Formiga had Brazil\u2019s first goal, giving her a distinction, too: At 37, she is the oldest scorer in the tournament\u2019s history, which dates to 1991.', u'Not everyone in Australia took the country\u2019s 3-1 loss to the United States on Monday in stride. A post on the team\u2019s official website, titled \u201c', u',\u201d began with the declaration that \u201cthe USA, well, they just aren\u2019t that good.\u201d ', u'\u201cThe atmosphere was electric. It was almost like a U.S. home game.\u201d', u'SCOTT PAUL, a fan who traveled to Winnipeg for the Americans\u2019 opener.', u'Wednesday is a rest day; play resumes Thursday with doubleheaders in Ottawa and Edmonton. IVORY COAST and THAILAND will face each other in what is almost certainly the only chance for either to post a win.']), ([u'Strong Third Quarter Lifts the Liberty'], [u'Tina Charles scored 21 points, Essence Carson added 14 and the Liberty dominated the third quarter en route to an 86-79 win over the Indiana Fever at Madison Square Garden on Monday night.', u'Tanisha Wright added 12 points and Kiah Stokes had 11 for the Liberty (2-1), who had 23 assists on 29 baskets.', u'Layshia Clarendon scored all of her career-best 14 points in the first half as the Fever (0-3) took a 41-38 halftime lead. The Liberty started the second half with a 20-4 run and led by 62-53 entering the fourth quarter.', u'Carson had a 3-point play to put the Liberty ahead for good, 45-43, two minutes into the third quarter. Shortly after that, the Liberty scored 11 straight points for a 58-45 lead.']), ([u'Muhammad Wilkerson Shows Up, Without New Deal From Jets'], [u'FLORHAM PARK, N.J. \u2014  Muhammad Wilkerson, a prized defensive end who missed voluntary off-season workouts to protest the lack of progress toward a new contract, returned to ', u' on Tuesday for the start of a mandatory three-day minicamp. He emphasized that the issue was not behind him.', u'Asked if he might hold out of training camp to spur negotiations, Wilkerson testily replied, \u201cI\u2019m not going to answer that question.\u201d', u'Wilkerson, a first-round draft choice in 2011, has sought a long-term extension since last year. He is in the final year of the rookie contract he signed after the Jets exercised their option for a fifth season worth $6.9 million. He watched the organization commit nearly $90 million in guaranteed money as part of an off-season overhaul. Three other teams signed defensive linemen from his draft class to long-term extensions.', u'Wilkerson, 25, said he was frustrated.', u'\u201cI thought a deal would be made, but at the end of the day, it\u2019s a business,\u201d he said. \u201cThese things take time.\u201d', u'Wilkerson leads a defensive front that represented one of the Jets\u2019 few strengths in recent seasons. The team finished 4-12 last season and missed the playoffs for the fourth consecutive time. Although Wilkerson (6 feet 4, 315 pounds) has never been to the Pro Bowl, he stands out in his durability and in his effectiveness against the run and the pass. He has 237 tackles, 145 unassisted, with 24 \xbd sacks in his career.', u'Wilkerson grew up in Linden, N.J.; he was drafted 30th over all from Temple. In keeping with the collective bargaining agreement, he could have been fined $60,000 for missing the mandatory minicamp, a key period for any team but particularly for one acclimating to a new coach in Todd Bowles and a new staff. Wilkerson insisted that the prospect of fines had nothing to do with his attendance.', u'Chad Wiestling, Wilkerson\u2019s agent, said in a statement that Wilkerson was a \u201cteam-first player\u201d who \u201cwould prefer to finish his career in New York.\u201d', u'Mike Maccagnan, the Jets\u2019 new general manager, has expressed a desire to retain Wilkerson. But the team only increased its leverage when it drafted Leonard Williams, a defensive end, sixth over all from Southern California. Some talent evaluators viewed Williams as the top prospect in the draft. The Jets could bide their time with Wilkerson while Williams develops by placing the franchise tag on Wilkerson in 2016.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s very important to our defense,\u201d cornerback Darrelle Revis, whose return to the organization as a free agent highlighted the Jets\u2019 busy off-season, said of Wilkerson. \u201cHe\u2019s a special player.\u201d', u'Antonio Cromartie, another cornerback brought back as a free agent, described Wilkerson as \u201ca core guy.\u201d', u'Bowles complained about the multiple red-zone turnovers by quarterbacks Geno Smith, Ryan Fitzpatrick and the rookie Bryce Petty on the first day of minicamp. He praised Wilkerson, though, for his conditioning and preparedness despite his prolonged absence.', u'\u201cMo is a pro,\u201d Bowles said. \u201cHe understands what his job is, what he has to do. He\u2019s ready.\u201d', u'The Jets\u2019 spending spree \u2014 Revis\u2019s contract alone was worth $70 million for five years with about $39 million guaranteed \u2014 will inevitably create difficult decisions. For the team. And perhaps for Wilkerson.', u'EXTRA POINTS', u'WILLIE COLON, the veteran guard, said he \u201cmisspoke\u201d in the way he responded to questions about GENO SMITH, a third-year quarterback, during a recent interview with Sirius XM Radio. In noting the upgrades the team made during the off-season, Colon compared it to giving Smith the keys to a Porsche and added: \u201cHe can\u2019t crash it. Bottom line, he can\u2019t crash it.\u201d Colon also said of Smith: \u201cHe\u2019s said some things that make you look at him like, \u2018What are you talking about?\u2019\xa0\u201d Colon said he spoke to Smith last week about his comments and was not aware of lingering issues. Colon said of Smith\u2019s mistake-filled rookie season: \u201cIt wasn\u2019t his fault. He got forced into a situation where he had to be the man right off.\u201d Smith was unavailable for comment.']), ([u'N.B.A. Finals: LeBron James and Cavaliers Hold Off Warriors'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014 The game operations staff at Quicken Loans Arena chronicled Stephen Curry\u2019s slow walk back to the visitors\u2019 locker room late Tuesday by showing a few of his halting steps on the Humongotron, the enormous, flame-spewing video board that looms over the court here.', u'Curry had done nearly everything for the Golden State Warriors in the fourth quarter, shooting and scoring and muffling a crowd that had spent the first three quarters cheering his every miss and mistake. But despite his late-game pyrotechnics, he still left in defeat as the ', u' \u2014 the injured, undermanned Cavaliers \u2014 escaped with a 96-91 victory in Game 3 of the N.B.A. finals to seize a two-games-to-one advantage in the best-of-seven series.', u'\u201cYou can\u2019t rely on your comeback abilities every game to win a series like this,\u201d Curry said.', u'Curry needs only minutes to change the tenor of a game or an entire series, and he nearly erased 36 minutes of lackluster basketball by scoring 17 points in the fourth quarter, helping the Warriors whittle a 20-point deficit to 1. But the Warriors left themselves with too much work, and ', u' \u2014 who else? \u2014 left his ferocious imprint on another pivotal win.', u'James, who has hauled the Cavaliers to within two wins of their first N.B.A. championship, finished with 40 points, 12 rebounds and 8 assists. He has now scored, assisted or created 200 of the Cavaliers\u2019 291 points through the first three games of the series, according to Synergy Sports Tech \u2014 the sort of production that is hard to fathom.', u'Curry, who seldom looked unsure of himself during the regular season, when he was the league\u2019s most valuable player, scored just 3 points in the first half before finishing with 27. He shot 10 of 20, a positive sign amid another otherwise bleak effort for the Warriors. Harrison Barnes and Draymond Green combined to shoot 2 of 16.', u'\u201cI didn\u2019t like our energy,\u201d said Steve Kerr, the coach of the Warriors. \u201cI didn\u2019t like our body language for much of the first three quarters. This is what we have to fight through. Things aren\u2019t going our way? It doesn\u2019t matter. You\u2019ve got to fight through.\u201d', u'James, who shot 14 of 34, sealed the win by sinking two free throws after Curry buried his seventh and final 3-pointer with 18.9 seconds left.', u'Matthew Dellavedova, a plucky point guard who is fast becoming a folk hero in Cleveland, scored 20 points when he was not diving into courtside seats as he pursued loose balls.', u'\u201cDelly\u2019s the most Cleveland-like Australian I\u2019ve ever met in my life,\u201d said David Blatt, the coach of the Cavaliers. \u201cAnd if you\u2019re from Cleveland, you know just what I\u2019m talking about.\u201d', u'Game 4 is scheduled for Thursday night at Quicken Loans Arena.', u'It was the first finals game in Cleveland since 2007, when the Cavaliers were in the process of getting swept by the San Antonio Spurs. James spent three more championship-free seasons in Cleveland before he left for the Miami Heat in search of an elusive title, eventually winning two.', u'So his return to Cleveland has been both celebratory and expectant, as the city waits and hopes and dreams of an end to its decades-long championship drought.', u'The crowd roared 17 minutes before the tip when the Cavaliers took the court for warm-ups, the arena already full, James bobbing his head to the beat of a hip-hop track. He drove for a layup on the game\u2019s opening possession, and the building shook.', u'In previous playoff runs, James often operated as a facilitator, creating open shots for teammates and taking his own when they materialized. He was not known as a high-volume shooter. He would take his healthy share, of course, but the ball tended to move from one set of hands to the next.', u'Back in Cleveland, as the only remaining boldface name on a roster stricken by season-ending injuries to Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love, James has been left with a hodgepodge cast of role players and aging parts. And so he has taken matters into his own hands, launching shots with gluttonous ferocity \u2014 for better or for worse.', u'\u201cThis is a totally different challenge,\u201d James said.', u'After attempting 73 shots through the first two games of the series, James seemed determined to match that output in Game 3. He attacked again and again, shooting over defenders, absorbing contact, seeking the rim.', u'\u201cLeBron\u2019s making some crazy plays,\u201d Curry said.', u'In a game that quickly turned into another defensive tussle, the Cavaliers led by 24-20 after the first quarter. James was 3 of 10 from the field, and Curry was 1 of 5. The Warriors shot 34.1 percent in the first half and trailed, 44-37. They looked half bewildered, half exhausted.', u'About eight hours before the game, after the Warriors\u2019 morning shootaround, Curry sat at the center of 40-some reporters and answered about a dozen questions that were mild variations on the same, well-established theme: his shooting woes.', u'Curry, who entered these finals with a growing reputation as one of the greatest shooters the planet has ever known, assured everyone that he felt fine, that his shoulder was healthy, that he was not dealing with any adverse effects from a hard tumble in the Western Conference finals.', u'His recent struggles? His 5-of-23 effort in Game 2? Just one of those things, he said. He would find a way out of it.', u'\u201cJust got to shoot better,\u201d he said in what qualified as an expansive moment.', u'He finally did, with an assist from his teammates. Early in the fourth, Klay Thompson and Andre Iguodala made consecutive 3-pointers to cut the Cavaliers\u2019 lead to 72-63. The crowd, so hyped from the start, murmured. Concern grew into panic.', u'\u201cWe became the aggressors,\u201d Curry said.', u'The Cavaliers\u2019 lead melted to 6 when Leandro Barbosa scored on a runner, to 5 when David Lee rebounded a miss and dunked, to 4 when Curry hit a 3-pointer, to 3 when Curry (again) sliced through a maze of defenders for an up-and-under layup. The lead was 1 when Curry sank another 3-pointer, but Dellavedova got inside for a layup and a foul.', u'After Curry threw a pass out of bounds, James buried a 3-pointer with less than two minutes remaining to give the Cavaliers some breathing room \u2014 just enough.', u'Curry said he thought he figured out how he might be able to attack pick-and-rolls as the series moved on.', u'\u201cI\u2019ll keep that in the memory bank,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Eliciting Memories, Nationals Draft Mariano Rivera\u2019s Son'], [u'In Game 5 of the 2001 World Series, Matt Williams was asked to bunt against ', u', one of baseball\u2019s indomitable closers. In a few years, Williams could be managing Rivera\u2019s son.', u'On Tuesday, the ', u', who are in New York for a two-game series with the Yankees, selected Mariano Rivera III, a right-handed pitcher, in the fourth round of the Major League Baseball draft.', u'\u201cIt was uncomfortable,\u201d Williams said of his plate appearance against the elder Rivera.', u'The younger Rivera showed great improvement in his junior season at Iona, throwing as hard as 97 miles per hour. Last year, he was drafted by the Yankees in the 29th round, but he returned to college to improve his pitching mechanics and work toward becoming the first member of his family to earn a degree.', u'\u201cI\u2019m sure it\u2019s a really proud moment for Big Mo, and I hope the young man has a very successful career,\u201d Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said, \u201cand obviously he comes from a great baseball background.\u201d', u'Nationals outfielder Bryce Harper, who grew up a fan of the Yankees teams that Rivera helped to win five World Series titles, said he was excited about the selection.', u'\u201cI heard he throws pretty hard and has some pretty good stuff,\u201d Harper said of Rivera III. \u201cIt\u2019s going to be fun to see how he is. Definitely his pops was pretty O.K. with what he did.\u201d', u'Williams was 0 for 5 in his career against Rivera, but he did successfully lay down that bunt in the 11th inning of Game 5, moving runners to second and third in a 2-2 game.', u'Without missing a beat, though, Rivera worked out of the jam.', u'\u201cI was part of two teams that actually scored a run against him \u2014 with the Indians in \u201997 and of course the Diamondbacks in the World Series,\u201d Williams said. \u201cThat didn\u2019t happen very often. If we\u2019re able to sign his son, hopefully, that\u2019s more of the same.\u201d']), ([u'Trauma Suit to Include Deposition From Gary Bettman'], [u'N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman will be deposed next month by lawyers representing the former players who have accused the league of hiding the dangers of repeated head trauma and promoting violence on the ice.', u'Judge Susan Richard Nelson of United States District Court in Minnesota has allowed lawyers for the 80 or so retired players to proceed with discovery \u2014 including questioning Bettman \u2014 while she considers a motion by the N.H.L. to dismiss the case. In March, Nelson denied a separate motion to dismiss.', u'Bettman will be deposed on July 31, according to lawyers who attended a hearing in front of Nelson on Thursday.', u'The N.H.L.\u2019s deputy commissioner, Bill Daly, said the league did not oppose Bettman\u2019s being deposed.', u'The ', u' echoes a similar but larger case brought by thousands of former N.F.L. players. The federal judge in that case ', u' with the league that includes medical monitoring for retired players and up to $5 million for those with severe neurological problems.', u'By reaching a settlement, the N.F.L. avoided any potential discovery that might have included depositions from top league officials.', u'Bettman\u2019s deposition could be made public, depending on how the case advances, and could be used if the case goes to trial.', u'In a news conference last week, Bettman stood by his recent comment that there was no definitive evidence linking hockey and chronic traumatic encephalopathy, a degenerative brain disease that scientists have found in many athletes who played contact sports. Bettman said his views were similar to those of the judge who approved the settlement between the N.F.L. and thousands of retired players.', u'Last week, lawyers for the retired players also deposed Dr. Elliot J. Pellman, the longtime medical director of the Islanders. Pellman was ', u' that investigated the dangers of concussions. Outside experts strongly criticized leaguewide policies on the injury that he wrote. Pellman was also ', u' several aspects of his medical education and professional status in his r\xe9sum\xe9.']), ([u'Burden Unites the Cleveland Stars Jim Brown and LeBron James'], [u'On Dec. 27, 1964, Jim Brown asked the ', u'\u2019 coaches to leave the team\u2019s locker room. Brown had something he wanted to say to his teammates before they all took the field against the favored Baltimore Colts in the N.F.L. championship game.', u'Brown said he had never done this before.', u'While he was the greatest running back of his or anyone else\u2019s generation and the acknowledged leader of the team, he preferred to let his play provide the inspiration. But this was a special moment at the end of what had been yet another harrowing year of civil rights struggles in the United States.', u'\u201cIn order to win that game,\u201d Brown recalled Monday, \u201cwe had to be conscious of what was at stake.\u201d', u'So, in his deep voice, he told his teammates that they needed to put everything aside \u2014 race, politics, anything \u2014 and focus only on one another and the task at hand.', u'\u201cAnd that\u2019s what we did,\u201d he said.', u'The Browns won, 27-0, in one of the bigger upsets in N.F.L. championship history.', u'Fifty-one years after Brown led Cleveland to a major championship, ', u' is attempting to carry the ', u' to the city\u2019s next one. And like Brown, James and his team are the underdogs.', u'The Golden State Warriors, like the 1964 Colts, have a high-octane offense. They also have a dazzling pair of All-Stars in Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson. The undermanned Cavaliers have James and a crew of workmanlike players determinedly following his lead, all of them trying to compensate in these N.B.A. finals for the absence of two Cleveland stars \u2014 Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love.', u'For that reason, Brown\u2019s task in 1964 seems a little easier than the one James faces now. James\u2019s group, defying the odds, turned back Golden State in Games 2 and 3 to give Cleveland a two-games-to-one series lead, when few people were giving them much of a chance to actually take four games against the Warriors and win the N.B.A. title. Still, to have any shot, James, who had 40 points, 12 rebounds and 8 assists in the Cavaliers\u2019 96-91 win Tuesday night, will do well to keep to Brown\u2019s blueprint.', u'\u201cWe had to go into that rarefied area,\u201d Brown said, recalling 1964. \u201cSometimes, a superstar can\u2019t go there, so when you\u2019re talking to ordinary players, you\u2019ve got to let them know that they\u2019re going to be called upon to go somewhere they\u2019ve never been.\u201d', u'James, of course, has already won two championships, but that was in Miami, with two star players, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh, at his side. Now he has J. R. Smith and Matthew Dellavedova and Iman Shumpert. Some talent, yes. Stars, no.', u'Brown, who has criticized a number of contemporary sports stars, said without hesitation that he was a LeBron James fan. In fact, he attended Tuesday night\u2019s game to support James, who is as much the King in Cleveland today as Brown was in 1964.', u'Just as many Cleveland players learned this season what it\u2019s like to play with a once-in-a-career talent like James, the former Browns receiver Paul Warfield said he had no idea what it meant to play with a superstar until he played with Brown.', u'Warfield, a rookie in 1964, said the championship game against Baltimore \u2014 indeed, the entire season \u2014 had been one surreal moment after another. A product of Warren, Ohio, and a star at Ohio State, Warfield had grown up a Browns fan, and a Jim Brown devotee.', u'\u201cThe entire intent of any defensive football team and opponent that we played against, the emphasis was not to stop me or stop my teammate Gary Collins,\u201d Warfield said. \u201cThe sole intent of the defensive unit, whoever we played against, was dedicated 110 percent on every play to stopping Jim Brown. And still they couldn\u2019t stop him.\u201d', u'Opponents treat James with the same respect, gearing entire defenses to rotate toward James whenever he has the ball, and accounting for his every move when he does not.', u'And just as the obsession with Brown created opportunities for Warfield and Collins, the obsession with James makes it possible for role players to flourish.', u'By the time the Browns met the Colts in the 1964 championship game in Cleveland, teams had been forced to shift at least a little of the focus away from stopping Brown to figuring out ways to clamp down on Warfield. That left the other wide receiver, Collins, with single coverage. In the championship game, Collins scored three touchdowns.', u'Afterward, Brown, who never gushed and rarely showed animated exuberance, recalled growing emotional as he congratulated his teammates.', u'\u201cMy inner satisfaction was tremendous, but it was something I don\u2019t share too often,\u201d he said. \u201cBut on that victory stand, it was a great, great feeling as a football player, and also as a man.\u201d', u'Cleveland today is a different place from what it was in 1964. I asked Brown if he thought being the city\u2019s biggest sports star was more challenging for him than it is for James in 2015.', u'\u201cThe circumstances are different,\u201d he said, \u201cbut they are not as different as they should be.\u201d', u'In the Brown mold, James, at 30, has emerged as a leader off the court as he has matured as a player. He was vocal in calling for the removal of the Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling last year. He wore an \u201cI Can\u2019t Breathe\u201d T-shirt to protest acts of police violence, and last month, he called for calm when a white Cleveland policeman was acquitted in the shooting deaths of two black motorists.', u'\u201cIn a subtler way, he has had to carry the same kind of burden and use the same kind of wisdom,\u201d Brown said. \u201cFor him to have to have the ability to deal with the politics of being back in Cleveland, dealing with the politics of his own team, I have great admiration for what I see as a great contribution by a human being on and off the field. \u201c', u'In Brown\u2019s Cleveland, there was segregation and discrimination. There is segregation, too, in James\u2019s Cleveland, but blacks with wealth \u2014 like James \u2014 are able to navigate around some forms of racism.', u'In the end, James and Brown are separated by age and their sports but connected by Cleveland and by a real understanding of the role leadership plays in championship moments.', u'Scoring touchdowns was not the only source of Brown\u2019s greatness, nor are points the sole source for James\u2019s. What Brown did, and what James is now trying to do, is inspire those around them to reach higher than they thought possible.', u'\u201cThe way he expresses himself, the way that he plays, and the understanding that he has of what his role is, is very refreshing,\u201d Brown said of James. \u201cIt\u2019s rare for a man that young to have that kind of wisdom.\u201d']), ([u'Span Infield Hit in 11th Lifts Nationals Over Yankees 5-4'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Denard Span had a run-scoring infield hit with two outs in the 11th inning, and the Washington Nationals snapped the New York Yankees' seven-game winning streak with a 5-4 victory Wednesday.", u'After the game, Yankees manager Joe Girardi said closer Andrew Miller will go on the disabled list because of a strained forearm muscle, an injury that pushes setup man Dellin Betances into a ninth-inning role.', u'Michael Taylor hit a tying, two-run homer in the eighth against 22-year-old rookie Jacob Lindgren, helping Washington win for just the third time in 12 games.', u"Tyler Moore led off the 11th with a single off Chris Capuano (0-4) and advanced on Jose Lobaton's sacrifice and Danny Espinosa's tapper back to the mound. Span then hit a high chopper up the middle. Second baseman Stephen Drew fielded the ball as he crossed past second base but Span beat the one-hop throw for his third hit.", u"Blake Treinen (2-2) pitched two scoreless innings for the win, and Drew Storen was perfect in the 11th for his 19th save, tying  St. Louis' Trevor Rosenthal for the NL lead.", u'Alex Rodriguez had a tiebreaking double to end an 0-for-11 drought in a four-run seventh that put New York up 4-2. Brendan Ryan, who came off the 60-day disabled list, had a one-out RBI triple to chase Gio Gonzalez after 6 1-3 sharp innings.', u"Brett Gardner's RBI double off Felipe Rivero tied the score 2-2, and Rodriguez and Brian McCann had run-scoring hits off Aaron Barrett. McCann's single bounced off second base and over a perfectly positioned fielder.", u'After Yunel Escobar singled to open the eighth, manager Joe Girardi replaced Nathan Eovaldi with Lindgren, the first pitcher Harper ever faced in professional baseball who was younger than the Washington star. Harper, who made his major league debut as a 19-year-old and is 7 months older than Lindgren, flied out to left.', u'Lindgren then got a forceout before Taylor homered.', u"No. 9 batter Espinosa doubled with two outs in the third for Washington's first hit and scored on Span's double. Espinosa homered in the fifth for a two-run lead.", u"Eovaldi, remained winless in interleague play \u2014 he's 0-4 in 12 career starts. He yielded three runs and eight hits in seven-plus innings.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Nationals: Span was back in the lineup after being removed from  Tuesday's lineup because of back spasms.", u'Yankees: RHP Ivan Nova (Tommy John surgery) was at Yankee Stadium before the game to throw a bullpen. He\'ll next make a rehab start for Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre on Saturday. Girardi said Nova should be able to throw 85-90 pitches. ... CF Jacoby Ellsbury (sprained knee) will make the road trip with New York then remain in Florida after the two-game series in Miami that ends Tuesday. Girardi said Ellsbury, on DL since May 20 will not play in rehab games "right away."', u'UP NEXT', u'Nationals: RHP Tanner Roark (2-2) faces the Brewers in Milwaukee and Matt Garza (4-7). Roark is 2-0 with a 3.78 ERA since moving back into the rotation. He was 15-10 as a starter last year.', u'Yankees: After an off day, the Yankees open a three-game series at Baltimore. RHP Michael Pineda (7-2) is set to start after his last turn in the rotation was skipped in order to manage his innings this year.']), ([u'Matthew Dellavedova Isn\u2019t First Aussie to Charm Cleveland'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The surprising emergence of Matthew Dellavedova, the ', u'\u2019 unsung point guard from Maryborough, Australia, has charmed this city during the N.B.A. playoffs. As unlikely as it may seem, Cleveland has embraced an Aussie underdog athlete before \u2014 just look back 116 years to find him.', u'In 1899, Joe Quinn, a 34-year-old second baseman from Ipswich, Queensland, Australia, was appointed the player-manager of the Cleveland Spiders of the National League. The team finished the season 20-134, the worst record in the history of the game, and it was disbanded before the following year. Quinn, who died in St. Louis in 1940, has been largely forgotten in the United States and was hardly known in Australia, his career a humorous factoid amid baseball\u2019s long, colorful history.', u'But according to Rochelle Llewelyn Nicholls, the author of \u201cJoe Quinn: Among the Rowdies,\u201d Quinn probably deserves more commemoration. During his time in the United States, he was a popular player among fans, standing out amid his rough peers for his humble nature. Quinn \u2014 one of Australia\u2019s first sports heroes \u2014 was a pioneer who in many ways personified the values of his home country.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s a thing in Australia we call \u2018having a go,\u2019 and it\u2019s considered a great characteristic in Australia,\u201d Nicholls said Monday in a telephone interview from her home in Gundagai, Australia. \u201cEven though the odds are stacked against you, you give it a try anyway. You might not win. But in Australia, we don\u2019t necessarily care if you win or not. It\u2019s how you approach a great challenge.\u201d', u'Nicholls was talking about Quinn, but she was inadvertently echoing the endearing narrative surrounding Dellavedova.', u'Dellavedova, 24, an undrafted second-year player, has been called to action in the absence of the All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving and has performed well.', u'Dellavedova has distinguished himself as a defensive pest, infuriating opponents and garnering the appreciation of fans and teammates. In Game 2, Dellavedova added to his blossoming local legend when he helped limit Stephen Curry, the N.B.A.\u2019s most valuable player, to a 5-for-23 shooting performance and made two key free throws after grabbing an offensive rebound late in the overtime victory.', u'In Tuesday\u2019s Game 3, he scored 20 points as the Cavaliers won, 96-91, and took a two-games-to-one series lead.', u'Nicholls agreed there were some parallels between the two men \u2014 despite the century that separates them: \u201cIt is this solo figure from the other side of the world taking on the mighty Americans at their own game,\u201d she said.', u'Quinn picked up baseball after moving to Iowa as a teenager. He had never played before, but he was a natural. Within a few years, he was playing for an amateur team in Dubuque that produced the future Hall of Famers Charles Comiskey and Old Hoss Radbourn. Shortly thereafter, he was signed to play for the St. Louis Maroons.', u'Quinn did not fit the mold of the ballplayers of the time, who were known to fight and drink. Newspapers columnists, Nicholls said, praised his behavior in comparison with his rowdy teammates.', u'In 1893, while playing for the St. Louis Browns, he was named America\u2019s most popular ballplayer in a poll of the readers of The Sporting News, which had a circulation of about 80,000.', u'Quinn was nicknamed the Undertaker because he was, in fact, an undertaker, both during and after his playing career.', u'\u201cA lot of them had the big handlebar mustaches, and he was lithe and small and cleanshaven,\u201d Nicholls said. \u201cHe was very enthusiastic and clean-living. The other players were very cynical and hard-drinking.\u201d', u'Dellavedova, to the disappointment of quote-seeking reporters, has revealed himself to be unflashy and stubbornly plain-spoken.', u'Fans and observers on social media have enjoyed the discrepancy between Dellavedova\u2019s nondescript clothing and the stylish outfits of LeBron James, his superstar teammate. James has praised Dellavedova over and over as a consummate teammate.', u'Asked how he had prepared for his big Game 2 performance, Dellavedova said, \u201cI just tried to make sure I was really hydrated.\u201d', u'Quinn\u2019s time in Cleveland, from a sports standpoint, was a disaster. Frank and Stanley Robison, the owners of the Spiders, bought the Browns, whose name they changed to the St. Louis Perfectos, and ran both clubs in a conflict of interest that no sports league would allow today. The owners sent most of the Spiders\u2019 best players to St. Louis.', u'Quinn, by then a veteran, was sent to Cleveland with orders to manage the group of outcasts and undeveloped players.', u'\u201cI guess what he was renowned for was his consistency \u2014 his consistency of character and consistency of performance,\u201d Nicholls said. \u201cHe was a sort of player who kept turning up day after day.\u201d', u'Quinn, who led the league in fielding percentage twice in his career, was one of the Spiders\u2019 lone bright spots in their horrid 1899 season. He played 147 games, his highest single-season total, and batted .286.', u'The Spiders\u2019 attendance in the 1899 season was 6,088. The Perfectos drew more than 255,000.', u'In the Spiders\u2019 last game of the season, Quinn let an employee from the team hotel named Eddie Kolb pitch for them in exchange for a box of cigars. Kolb gave up 19 runs.']), ([u'Pia Sundhage of Sweden Is a Coach at Home on the Move'], [u'LINKOPING, Sweden \u2014  When Pia Sundhage left the United States women\u2019s soccer team in 2012 to become the coach of Sweden\u2019s national team, U.S. Soccer\u2019s news release said she was \u201c', u'\u201d to pursue opportunities. Most news media reports highlighted how she could not turn down the opportunity to lead her homeland\u2019s team. Even Sundhage mentioned this notion of a homecoming to the American players when she told them the news, before serenading them with \u201cLeaving on a Jet Plane.\u201d', u'But home is a relative concept to Sundhage. Yes, she was born in Sweden. Yes, she is now coaching in Sweden. And yes, this job allows her more time with her family, including her sister, Ingalill, an equestrian who has been teaching her how to ride a horse.', u'Yet Sundhage, 55, has always been a wanderer, always been uncomfortable sitting still. Even now, as she prepares to lead her team into the Women\u2019s World Cup \u2014 where she will face the United States in a group-stage game Friday \u2014 Sundhage is thinking about her next step. A return to club soccer is most likely, she said, and she did not rule out trying to work as the coach of a men\u2019s team, or, for that matter, taking another job in the United States.', u'\u201cLife is easy for me now, that is for sure,\u201d she said over lunch before scouting a women\u2019s Champions League game in this small city in southern Sweden in the spring. \u201cBut I cannot stay. I am already thinking about 2016, and where to go next.\u201d', u'She laughed. \u201cWhen I was with the U.S.A., some of the players would complain about how much time we spent in hotels. I never understood it. I love living in hotels; everything is taken care of, and you spend your entire day on football. This is perfect.\u201d', u'Soccer has been the central focus of Sundhage\u2019s life for nearly four decades, covering her time as a player (for six clubs) and as a coach (for teams in Sweden, the United States and China). In conversation, she refers regularly to \u201c2-times-45 minutes,\u201d which is both the length of a regulation soccer game and the unit of measurement Sundhage admits she most often thinks about.', u'She is, and always has been, an on-the-field manager above all else. The tangential parts of the job bore her: She has little inclination to work on developing young talent for a club or national team program (she candidly acknowledged as much in her interviews with U.S. Soccer before being hired), and she similarly has no interest in learning about her players\u2019 lives away from the field.', u'While many coaches want to develop close relationships with their players, Sundhage said bluntly that she had found little upside in doing so.', u'\u201cYou know, I talk to them about their mom, their dad, their boyfriend, their girlfriend or whatever, and you know what? It goes in one ear and out the other,\u201d she said. \u201cI try. I really try. I remember I sat with Amy Rodriguez for a long time once, talking and talking, and still I don\u2019t know her family.\u201d', u'Sundhage wrinkled her forehead as she thought for a moment about Rodriguez, the American forward. \u201cShe\u2019s married. ... I think?\u201d she said. \u201cI read about it maybe.\u201d', u'She shrugged. Whether she has made friends with her players, her results are difficult to dispute: She won gold medals with the United States at the 2008 and 2012 Olympics and led her team to the final of the 2011 World Cup before losing to Japan in a penalty shootout.', u'In the quarterfinals of that World Cup, against Brazil, the United States had a player sent off and Sundhage eschewed the traditional tactic of playing a 4-4-1 formation for the rest of the game, choosing instead to play with just three defenders despite facing a three-forward attack that included Marta, who at the time was the five-time world player of the year.', u'\u201cFrom a tactical standpoint, it was the best decision of my soccer life,\u201d Sundhage said. \u201cWho else would have done it?\u201d', u'The United States went on to ', u' and win, 5-3 in a shootout, in one of the most memorable of Sundhage\u2019s 91 victories with the Americans. In 107 games as their coach, she lost only six times.', u'Along the way, she honed her coaching style, both in terms of tactics and motivation. Megan Rapinoe, an American midfielder, described Sundhage\u2019s approach as \u201cequally laid-back and anal,\u201d a characterization with which Sundhage does not altogether disagree. She laughs freely \u2014 \u201cWe still talk about her big goofy laugh,\u201d Rapinoe added \u2014 and alternates quirky encouragement techniques (her singing has been frequently chronicled) with pointed analysis or criticism.', u'\u201cCarli Lloyd was a challenge to coach, by the way,\u201d Sundhage said offhandedly at one point, her fork dangling as she considered Lloyd, who is a top midfielder for the United States. \u201cWhen she felt that we had faith in her, she could be one of the best players. But if she began to question that faith, she could be one of the worst.\u201d', u'She took a bite of salad. \u201cIt was so delicate, so, so delicate,\u201d she said.', u'Sundhage did not hesitate to offer opinions on her other players as well, explaining that she was sharing nothing more than she had told the players themselves. Christie Rampone was \u201cprobably the best captain I\u2019ve ever seen, including myself,\u201d she said. Hope Solo, whose various off-field disciplinary issues lingered over the run-up to the World Cup, and burst into the open again this week, was one of the most challenging players Sundhage has ever coached, \u201cespecially when it comes to trouble,\u201d she said. And Abby Wambach, 35, who is playing in her fourth World Cup, would not be a starter if Sundhage still coached the team.', u'\u201cI said that to Abby,\u201d she recalled. \u201cI told her: \u2018If I stayed, you would be a sub. The best sub ever. But a sub.\u2019 There was no question about that in my mind.\u201d', u'With Sweden, Sundhage has remained largely the same. After a practice session at the Algarve Cup in March, she was leading the players on a cool-down lap around the field when she suddenly demanded that everyone join her in running with their arms out, as if they were airplanes. She has also continued to sing to her players, even though Caroline Seger, one of Sweden\u2019s veteran midfielders, said that when Sundhage broke into song at the team\u2019s first meeting after her hiring, the players simply stared at her once she finished.', u'\u201cI think in America, when she sang, they would cheer for her,\u201d Seger said. \u201cBut we are more laid-back. So it must be completely different for her to sing to us, because we just sort of sit there.\u201d', u'Seger paused. \u201cI am not sure if she is trying to change us, but I think that might be good for us,\u201d she said. \u201cSwedish people are a bit closed. And she is the opposite.\u201d', u'Sundhage has also continued to be candid, even if it is not necessarily the norm. Before the 2013 European Championships (which were hosted by Sweden), she put significant pressure on the star forward Lotta Schelin by telling the Swedish news media that the only way for Sweden to have success at the tournament was if Schelin scored a smattering of goals.', u'\u201cThe reporters were surprised; usually coaches don\u2019t say things like that because over here it\u2019s about the team,\u201d Sundhage explained. \u201cBut it was the truth, and I wanted the players to be aware.\u201d Schelin went on to score five goals, the most in the tournament, and Sweden finished third after losing to Germany, the eventual champion, in the semifinals.', u'In Canada, Sweden is one of a handful of teams expected to contend late into the knockout rounds, and Sundhage knows that if all goes well, Friday\u2019s group-stage game against the Americans may not be the only time she faces her former players.', u'The reunion may be a bit strange, she acknowledged, but she is sure any awkwardness will quickly pass. \u201cThen it becomes just a game, 2-times-45 minutes,\u201d she said. \u201cThat was home for me, of course, but now it is not. Home is a funny thing that way, isn\u2019t it?\u201d']), ([u'Questions Begin at Barcelona After Record-Setting Year'], [u'LONDON \u2014 Only in ', u' could the team create history on the field and face so many questions about its future.', u'Outsiders may mock the motto \u201cMore Than a Club,\u201d but when did we last see a group of players win the Champions League final, and then, as Bar\xe7a did, line up in an honor guard for the beaten opponent, Juventus?', u'Respect this rare has to be cherished and remembered.', u'But in less time than it takes for Champagne bubbles to burst, the media was on the field and in the wings, pushing for answers to questions that nobody can yet answer: With presidential elections about to be called, who leads this great club from here on?', u'With questions swirling about the boardroom, will Coach Luis Enrique stay or will he go?', u'With Xavi Hern\xe1ndez departing for Qatar and with Dani Alves\u2019s future uncertain, might there be an imminent breakup of the best team in the world?', u'If celebration cannot be allowed for even one week after the end of a long, hard and \xfcber-successful campaign, what is the purpose of it all?', u'One picture that lingers from Berlin, where Barcelona added the Champions League title to its Spanish league and cup championships, was that of Gerard Piqu\xe9 being cornered by a television interviewer.', u'Piqu\xe9 has grown up in the media circus that surrounds Barcelona. He likes and accepts the cameras and the questions. But here he stood, one of seven Barcelona players to have won the treble twice in his life, yet he was pressed to see into the future.', u'Can you win it again next season, he was asked on English television.', u'He blinked. \u201cThe next season is another history,\u201d he replied. \u201cWe are going to party. We are the only ones to achieve this twice, nobody did it before.\u201d', u'Somewhere down the corridor, Luis Enrique faced another inquisition. Three times, the coach was asked whether he would remain in charge next season. Three times he stonewalled.', u'\u201cThe time will come when decisions have to be made,\u201d he said. \u201cThis is the time to celebrate. It has been a difficult year, a transitional year.\u201d', u'He also said he had zero interest in the media criticisms. The reporters, few of whom know what it is like to be in the locker room of any team, let alone one as high-pressure as Barcelona\u2019s, persevered.', u'They drew out of Luis Enrique the feeling that he is still sore over the January firing of Andoni Zubizarreta, the sporting director who persuaded him to come back to the club last summer.', u'\u201cI have to thank the people who trusted me,\u201d he said, \u201cZubizarreta and others who felt I was the best person to lead Barcelona.\u201d', u'But, again, there was no absolute confirmation that he was staying. The club president, Josep Bartomeu, broadcast Monday that Luis Enrique has a two-year contract, that his first season had been a 10 out of 10 performance, and that the club wants to discuss an extension with him.', u'And that did not satisfy the Catalan media either, because Bartomeu has been only the interim president, stepping into the breach when the previous president, Sandro Rosell, quit amid legal inquiries over the signing of Neymar and tax questions surrounding Lionel Messi.', u'Sooner or later, Bartomeu, who put his own business on hold to work night and day on Barcelona\u2019s problems, has to put his leadership to the vote. That is the way of Bar\xe7a: Its board is elected by its 160,000 members.', u'In January, when Zubizarreta was dismissed and Barcelona actually lost a game at Real Sociedad, the turmoil surrounding the team was ferocious. Messi had been rested for that game, and he did not like it.', u'Pep Guardiola, the coach when Barcelona also won the treble (the Spanish league and cup and the Champions League) in 2009, had talked about resting Messi, but he never did.', u'Luis Enrique, once a teammate of Guardiola, had watched from the outside when Messi eventually broke down with a hamstring injury, and he perhaps felt it was his duty to rest the star player for his own sake, regardless of what the Argentine felt.', u'On one front, Barcelona is restricted. FIFA slapped a season-and-a-half-long ban on transfers that doesn\u2019t end until next January. So before that went into effect, the club paid over $100 million for Luis Su\xe1rez last summer, along with tens of millions more for midfielder Ivan Rakitic and the goalkeepers Marc-Andr\xe9 ter Stegen and Claudio Bravo.', u'But that embargo does not preclude them from signing a player, just from playing him. Bartomeu this week sealed the transfer of Aleix Vidal, a potential replacement at right wing back should Dani Alves go. Vidal, a former youth player at Barcelona, cannot play for the first team until next January.', u'It was not the only move Barcelona made. ', u'.', u'Which leaves the coach. Luis Enrique is very much his own man. He took time out after retiring as a Barcelona player to surf in Australia, to run marathons and to compete in triathlons. And he walked away from Roma after clashing in his one season there with Francesco Totti, the aging idol who sulked when he was benched.', u'Luis Enrique is back at a club where Guardiola walked away to take a sabbatical from the pressure and where Guardiola\u2019s successor, Tito Vilanova, died of cancer.', u'Luis Enrique changed the dynamic, made the players more fit and gave them greater direction. He did not, though, totally erase the club\u2019s tiki-taka style of play. Saturday\u2019s opening goal involved touches and movement from every outfield player but one \u2014 Su\xe1rez. And Su\xe1rez scored the second goal off a play, inevitably, by Messi.', u'Will a coach walk away from that? The question might be out of his hands. If Bartomeu wins the election, he wants Luis Enrique on his side. If another, as yet undeclared, challenger wins, he might appoint his own head coach.', u'Winning everything isn\u2019t always enough at F.C. Barcelona.']), ([u'Mercedes Cup Organizers Plant Grass to Grow Event\u2019s Profile'], [u'PARIS \u2014  While the new king of clay, Stan Wawrinka, posed for the cameras Monday alongside the Seine with the ', u' trophy, the longtime king of clay, Rafael Nadal, was already on grass in Stuttgart, Germany.', u'The transition from red to green is always abrupt in professional tennis, but this year, Nadal and his rivals will have one more week than usual to find their form and their footing before the biggest grass-court tournament of them all. Beginning this season, there are three weeks instead of two between the French Open and Wimbledon. It was a move driven by the All England Club and its proactive chairman, Philip Brook, in the hopes of promoting the grass-court game and providing more time for beating the promotional drums before Wimbledon.', u'That the calendar shift was approved was a reflection of Wimbledon\u2019s enduring clout but also a sign of revival for the game\u2019s original surface. It was called \u201clawn tennis\u201d for a reason, and Britain\u2019s governing body for the sport, founded in 1888, is still called the Lawn Tennis Association.', u'\u201cI wouldn\u2019t go so far as to say grass is back in fashion, but it\u2019s as strong as it\u2019s been for many, many years as a surface,\u201d said Richard Lewis, chief executive of the All England Club.', u'It is definitely back in fashion in Stuttgart. The Mercedes Cup was an ATP Tour event on red clay up through last year and was held in July after Wimbledon. Nadal won it twice, in 2005 and 2007, but as of this year, it is a grass-court tournament played in early June as part of the pre-Wimbledon swing.', u'Building and maintaining grass courts is a specialized skill, and although Stuttgart\u2019s wider temperature range presents some different challenges, Wimbledon and its grounds staff have played a big advisory role in the transition.', u'\u201cWimbledon is our strategic partner, and these courts are planted with the same seeds as Wimbledon,\u201d Edwin Weindorfer, the Mercedes Cup tournament director, said last month in an interview in Stuttgart.', u'The connections do not stop with the pure rye grass. The tournament, held at Weissenhof Tennis Club in the hilly Killesberg neighborhood, also is using the same brand of net posts as Wimbledon, as well as the same inflatable tarps, which came in handy when it rained Monday. It is even serving Pimm\u2019s and strawberries and cream.', u'\u201cOur slogan is \u2018Feel the Wimbledon Flair,\u2019\xa0\u201d Weindorfer said.', u'Weissenhof members traveled to Wimbledon last year for an interclub match and will get a return visit from All England Club members in August.', u'The decision to switch dates and surface had to be made quickly. Weindorfer, a tall Austrian who once played varsity tennis for the University of Georgia, was at Wimbledon in 2012 watching one of his clients, Tommy Haas, play an early-round match when he got a call on his mobile phone from an unknown London number. It turned out to be Lewis requesting a meeting.', u'\u201cIn the second set, I decided Wimbledon is more important than Tommy,\u201d Weindorfer said with a laugh. \u201cI was hoping they didn\u2019t take away my credential.\u201d', u'The decision to add an extra week between the French Open and Wimbledon had not yet gone public, but Lewis informed Weindorfer of the plan and asked if he might be interested in moving his event.', u'\u201cJust two months before, we had had an emergency talk with Mercedes because there was concern about the quality of the players at our tournament,\u201d Weindorfer said. \u201cI immediately said, \u2018If we can go on grass courts, we will get better players and it will be a huge upgrade for the tournament.\u2019 So I told Richard, \u2018I am interested, and I will get back to you in 48 hours. I need to make three phone calls.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'With the backing of Mercedes executives, Stuttgart city officials and the Weissenhof club\u2019s leadership, he told Lewis that he intended to make the move. Final approval came several weeks later when the Weissenhof club membership voted by a near-unanimous margin to make the switch to grass, even though hardly any of them ever had played on it.', u'\u201cWhat\u2019s interesting is this club was founded as a lawn-tennis club by British military personnel in 1884, so the first surface was grass,\u201d said Hans-Georg Kauffeld, the club\u2019s vice president. \u201cIt was at a different place in the city, and then they changed in 1926 and came up here and built only clay courts.\u201d', u'Weindorfer\u2019s company E Motion provided most of the funding for the project, which he said cost about 1.5 million euros. \u201cThen you have another 250,000 or 300,000 each year because of maintenance, but I already got four or five new sponsors coming in just because of grass and the new deal I signed with Eurosport,\u201d he said.', u'Stuttgart, for now, is the only ATP event to switch from clay to grass and into the expanded pre-Wimbledon window. Tournament officials in Newport, R.I., home to the only tour-level grass-court event in the United States, considered a similar move but decided against it in part because of weather and tourism patterns. It remains the week after Wimbledon.', u'\u201cWe had half a dozen different people, different countries, and Stuttgart was the one that stacked up from the word go,\u201d Lewis said of the candidate pool.', u'Stuttgart gives Germany \u2014 land of the former Wimbledon champions Boris Becker, Michael Stich and Steffi Graf \u2014 a second grass-court event to go with the tournament in Halle, which began in 1993 and has been upgraded to an ATP 500 event along with Queen\u2019s. Those additional ranking points give further competitive meaning to the men\u2019s grass-court swing.', u'\u201cI think the extra points for Halle and Queen\u2019s to move up in categories is hugely beneficial for the sport,\u201d said Chris Kermode, the former Queen\u2019s tournament director who is now head of the ATP Tour. \u201cI think people want to see a variety of surfaces, and through the variety of surfaces you can get a variety of playing styles. Like watching Feliciano L\xf3pez in the final of Queen\u2019s last year, serving and volleying on first and second serves most of the time, which we haven\u2019t seen for a while. And I think having that variety is essential to appeal to a large group of fans.\u201d', u'The women\u2019s tour has added a new grass event in Nottingham, England, and Weindorfer\u2019s company is also behind the new WTA tournament on grass in Nadal\u2019s home island of Majorca, which is scheduled to begin next year in the second week of the pre-Wimbledon swing.', u'Lewis said Wimbledon did not intend to push to expand the tour-level grass-court season further. Players who were asked in Paris about the extra week were generally supportive of the move. Patrick Mouratoglou, coach of the 20-time Grand Slam singles champion Serena Williams, said it gave those who advance far in the draw at the French Open a better chance to recover physically and mentally.', u'\u201cFor me, for anyone to win Roland Garros and Wimbledon back to back is incredible,\u201d he said. \u201cIt will still be huge, but with one more week you have more chances to do it. So I think it\u2019s a great idea. They were much too close.\u201d', u'American tennis officials, who lost a week of their summer hardcourt window, might be less delighted. So might the British Open golf organizers, whose venerable tournament is now in the week immediately after Wimbledon. But Weindorfer has no complaints. His tournament is part of the Grand Slam narrative flow now, instead of marooned on clay well after the French Open.', u'He has Nadal back and has designs on getting Roger Federer, too, for the tournament\u2019s 100th anniversary next season. \u201cWimbledon made one move, and it affected quite a lot,\u201d he said, finishing up his tour of the grounds and walking onto the world\u2019s newest grass show court.', u'\u201cOh,\u201d he said, smiling and running the sole of his shoe over the natural green carpet. \u201cI think they just mowed.\u201d']), ([u'Hope Solo Is a Hero on the Field. Repeat, on the Field.'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba', u'If you watched the United States beat Australia in the team\u2019s first game of the Women\u2019s World Cup on Monday, maybe you saw the American goalkeeper wearing a blood-red uniform that glowed above the turf.', u'She dived to her left, as if springs were hidden inside her cleats, and slapped the ball away with hands that seemed enormous in her giant Day-Glo green gloves. She stalked her territory around the goal with a familiar sneer and shouted to her teammates, who were often a chasm away.', u'By her lonesome, she kept the Americans in the game early when the squad could have fallen behind, by two or even three goals. This keeper was so good that her team fawned over her afterward.', u'She \u201ccame up huge for us,\u201d making \u201cthree saves for us that nobody else in the world can make,\u201d said Megan Rapinoe, who led the offense with two goals.', u'She \u201csaved our rear ends a few times,\u201d said ', u', who wore the captain\u2019s armband, and \u201cshe was a game changer again,\u201d United States Coach Jill Ellis said.', u'She has a name, this exceptional goalkeeper who played a crucial role in ', u', and it\u2019s Hope Solo. Maybe you\u2019ve heard of her?', u'One of the world\u2019s best goalkeepers. Also a player who brings trouble to the team, time after time, including the eve of its World Cup opener, when ', u' revealed more details of her arrest last year on domestic violence charges.', u'By now, though, it\u2019s not a stretch to think that U.S. Soccer, and maybe even her teammates, can\u2019t handle Hope Solo the person anymore and have resorted to focusing on her as merely a goalkeeper.', u'Forget about what she does off the field \u2014 reportedly harassing and belittling police officers when she was jailed last year after being accused of beating up her half sister and her nephew. That Hope Solo isn\u2019t at this World Cup, says U.S. Soccer, the sport\u2019s American governing body. Focus on what she does on the field, which is brilliant.', u'One U.S. Soccer spokesman warned reporters looking to talk to Solo after Monday\u2019s game, \u201cNo outside questions, just on the game, got it?\u201d', u'Another said, regarding questions, \u201cAll on the field.\u201d', u'Solo spoke briefly but only on the game, saying she had tried to stay even-keeled as she was \u201cwaiting for the next shot, and the next shot.\u201d', u'In a way, the United States team is in that position, too. What are the next shots \u2014 on the chin \u2014 the team will take when it comes to Solo?', u'In 2007, when ', u' for a World Cup semifinal, she was critical of Greg Ryan, then the United States\u2019 coach, and her replacement, Briana Scurry, and Solo ended up thrown off the team for the rest of the tournament for causing dissension.', u'In 2012, she snapped back at Brandi Chastain after Chastain criticized the American team\u2019s defense. Solo ', u' that Chastain, one of the stars of the 1999 World Cup-winning squad, should \u201clay off commentating about defending\u201d and goalkeeping \u201cuntil you get more educated.\u201d', u'In January, Solo was suspended for 30 days when her husband was arrested on suspicion of driving drunk while behind the wheel of a team van that she was a passenger in. In a statement, Ellis said Solo \u201cmade a poor decision that has resulted in a negative impact on U.S. Soccer and her teammates.\u201d', u'Yet Solo was not suspended for being arrested herself last June on domestic violence charges. (Just putting herself in that situation counts as a \u201cpoor decision,\u201d too, but the United States had yet to qualify for the World Cup at that point.) U.S. Soccer did not even bother to obtain the police reports from the incident, according to the ESPN report.', u'In the wake of that report, Solo\u2019s team has again had to pretend that her distractions are actually not distractions.', u'\u201cHonestly, didn\u2019t discuss it with her for one second,\u201d Carli Lloyd, Solo\u2019s World Cup roommate, said Monday.', u'Here\u2019s what Lloyd missed, according to the report, which cited police records and sworn depositions ESPN obtained, as well as other documents and interviews. On that night last June \u2014 the night on which, in Solo\u2019s version, she was the victim of domestic violence \u2014 Solo was combative. She goaded police officers by saying she could beat them up and saying her necklace was worth more than one officer made in a year. She told officers that they put her in handcuffs only because they were scared of her, and she called one officer a 14-year-old boy.', u'A judge ', u' in January, although prosecutors have filed an appeal. Regardless, the issue, which U.S. Soccer has steadfastly played down, is again drawing attention \u2014 just when the team most needs to focus.', u'It has come back to haunt Solo, who hasn\u2019t seemed to learn from her previous mistakes. And her team, which doesn\u2019t deserve it. And U.S. Soccer, which has proved to be gutless in this whole mess because it failed to discipline Solo for her arrest in the first place, when the police reports were there for the taking.', u'Several months later, U.S. Soccer even gave Solo the honor of wearing the captain\u2019s armband because she had set the team\u2019s career record for shutouts in a previous game.', u'Instead of sending a quick and powerful message soon after her arrest by punishing Solo in some way, U.S. Soccer now has a woman in goal who is accused of saying and doing some very ugly things \u2014 not exactly the kind of poster woman you\u2019d want for a team.', u'But this woman sure can leap and dive and scramble for the ball and keep it out of the goal, where she is the best Hope Solo she can be. She\u2019s the phenomenal athlete between the goal posts, what I\u2019ve called the loneliest place in sports.', u'Ellis said after Monday\u2019s game that Solo was so good against Australia that she congratulated her with a hug.', u'\u201cI said, \u2018You get a hug tonight,\u2019\xa0\u201d Ellis said.', u'On other days, let me guess, not so much?']), ([u"Giants' Heston Hurls No-Hitter Against Mets"], [u'(Reuters) - San Francisco pitcher Chris Heston tossed the first no-hitter in Major League Baseball this season as the Giants blanked the New York Mets 5-0 on Tuesday.    Heston, making just his 13th career start, struck out 11 without issuing a walk. He hit three batters to keep him from achieving a perfect game.', u'Heston also added the first two RBIs of his career.', u'\u201cI\u2019m still not sure what just happened out there, to be honest with you,\u201d Heston told reporters. \u201cA lot of emotions running through my mind right now. That was a really cool experience.\u201d', u'The right-hander hit Anthony Recker with a pitch to open the ninth but struck out the final three batters, getting Ruben Tejada looking for his final out before being mobbed by his team mates on the mound.', u'The 27-year-old needed the help of the Giants defense at times, with shortstop Brandon Crawford making a great throw to get Eric Campbell for the final out of the eighth inning.    The Giants (33-26) have now had pitchers throw no-hitters in four straight seasons.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Former Player Opposes Settlement in N.C.A.A. Concussion Suit'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  A proposed settlement in a class-action concussion lawsuit against the ', u' may have been dealt a blow on Tuesday when the lead plaintiff in the case said he opposed the deal.', u'In a statement released through the National College Players Association, an advocacy group for college athletes, the plaintiff, Adrian Arrington, called the settlement \u201ccompletely unacceptable\u201d and said that his lawyers agreed to the deal without his knowledge.', u'\u201cThe first time I learned about it was in the media,\u201d Arrington said. \u201cI feel that I have been misinformed and the preliminary settlement doesn\u2019t address the reasons I filed the lawsuit in the first place.\u201d', u'Ramogi Huma, the president of the players association, has been critical of the settlement, arguing it does not provide enough for players. \u201cNothing in the settlement is enforceable,\u201d he said.', u'Arrington sent a letter and an email to his lawyer, Joseph Siprut, announcing his decision to seek new counsel. A former defensive back at Eastern Illinois, Arrington sued the N.C.A.A. in 2011 after he sustained several concussions. He suffers from seizures, depression and headaches, and he is unable to work. He accused the association of negligence and not protecting his safety. Several similar suits have been consolidated.', u'The settlement, currently under consideration by United States District Judge John Z. Lee, includes a $70 million medical monitoring fund, paid for by the N.C.A.A. and its insurers, to allow former college athletes to be screened for brain injuries, as well as more stringent return-to-play rules.', u'\u201cThe return-to-play guidelines are suggested and still subject to the N.C.A.A.\u2019s legislative process,\u201d Huma said. \u201cAnd even if they pass them, they don\u2019t have to follow them.\u201d', u'The settlement was first submitted last July, but it was amended at Lee\u2019s request and resubmitted earlier this year.\xa0While it does not provide financial compensation for plaintiffs, it leaves open the possibility that athletes can bring their own concussion lawsuits on a case-by-case basis.', u'\u201cI\u2019m disappointed that one of the class representatives has decided to withdraw support for our settlement, having apparently adopted some of the misguided and inaccurate views of the settlement expressed in corners of the media and legal filings by other third parties,\u201d Siprut, the lawyer, said in a statement. \u201cOver 20 current class representative plaintiffs remain wholly supportive of the settlement, which also has the full support of two retired federal judges who helped us structure the deal. We remain optimistic that we will receive court approval of the settlement.\u201d']), ([u"Terdoslavich's First Career HR Lifts Braves Over Padres 6-5"], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Joey Terdoslavich led off the eighth inning with his first career home run and the Atlanta Braves rallied from a five-run deficit against James Shields to beat the San Diego Padres 6-5 on Tuesday night.', u'Terdoslavich, pinch-hitting in only his fourth at-bat of the season, drove a pitch from Joaquin Benoit (4-3) over the fence in right-center field.', u'The Braves trailed 5-0 before scoring five runs in the sixth off Shields. There were three reviews of calls at the plate \u2014 each decided in favor of Atlanta.', u'Jim Johnson (2-3) pitched a scoreless eighth. Jason Grilli got through a shaky ninth for his 16th save in 18 chances.', u'Will Venable drove in two runs for the Padres with three hits, including his fifth homer.', u"Grilli, who lost a ninth-inning lead in Monday's 5-3 loss in 11 innings, had more trouble one night later. He gave up a one-out double to Yonder Alonso and, after Yangervis Solarte popped out, threw a wild pitch to Cory Spangenberg that allowed Alonso to advance to third. Spangenberg walked on four pitches, but Grilli struck out Clint Barmes to end the game.", u"Andrelton Simmons hit a three-run double in Atlanta's improbable five-run sixth. The rally tied the game, with the help of two video reviews that were decided in the Braves' favor.", u'Freddie Freeman had a run-scoring single and scored on a fielding error by Spangenberg at second base. Shields walked Juan Uribe, loading the bases. Simmons hit a double to left and after two runs scored, Uribe was called out at the plate. The call was overturned following a review.', u"Jonny Gomes' single brought Simmons to the plate for a collision with catcher Derek Norris on another close play. Simmons was called safe, and this time plate umpire Jerry Meals' call stood following a review of 2 minutes, 41 seconds.", u'Meals had another call overturned in the eighth on a third review of a call at the plate.', u"Pinch-hitter Melvin Upton Jr. walked, stole second and raced to third on catcher Christian Bethancourt's wild throw to second for an error. Norris hit a grounder to third baseman Uribe, who threw to the plate. Upton was called safe by Meals but the call was overturned only 49 seconds later. The review showed he was tagged by Bethancourt before scoring.", u'Shields allowed seven hits and five runs, four earned, in 5 1-3 innings.', u'Braves rookie Mike Foltynewicz gave up five runs on a career-high 12 hits in 5 2-3 innings.', u'Foltynewicz was knocked out of the game by consecutive run-scoring doubles from Venable and Norris in the sixth.', u'Right-hander David Aardsma, whose contract was purchased by Atlanta before the game, replaced Foltynewicz and got one out in his first appearance in the majors since 2013. Right-hander Cody Martin was sent to Triple-A Gwinnett.', u'The start of the game was delayed 50 minutes because of rain in the area.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Padres: Manager Bud Black said RHP Brandon Morrow is not expected to throw for two weeks after having a setback in his rehabilitation from right shoulder inflammation. Black said an MRI showed no "significant changes" in the shoulder. "We\'re probably going to have to take just a little more time to let the shoulder calm down," Black said.', u'Braves: Utility player Kelly Johnson could come off the 15-day disabled list Wednesday. He has been out since May 14 with a right oblique strain and despite missing 23 games still ranks second on the team with six homers. He was 1 for 4 with a two-run triple for Triple-A Gwinnett on Tuesday night.', u'UP NEXT', u'Padres: RHP Tyson Ross (3-5) will try for back-to-back wins for the first time this season when he faces the Braves on Wednesday night.', u'Braves: For the second straight night, a Braves rookie right-hander will face the Padres for the first time in his career. Following the lead of Foltynewicz, Williams Perez (1-0) will make his fifth start and his first against San Diego.']), ([u'Coyotes Facing Council Vote on Arena Lease Agreement'], [u"GLENDALE, Ariz. \u2014  The city of Glendale has called for a special meeting on Wednesday to determine whether to end an arena lease agreement with the Arizona Coyotes, further clouding the team's future in the desert.", u'The meeting agenda calls for the City Council to consider whether to cancel the professional services and arena lease agreement between Glendale and IceArizona, which co-owns the Coyotes with Andrew Barroway.', u"The agenda referenced an Arizona statute that allows an agency to cancel a contract if an employee significantly involved with the agreement becomes an employee or agent of the other party to the contract. Former Glendale city attorney Craig Tindall has been the Coyotes' general counsel since 2013 after stepping down from his position with the city.", u'The meeting agenda was posted just hours after Coyotes officials denied being in breach of the contract during a state-of-the-team media session.', u'"This action by the City of Glendale is completely ludicrous, especially in light of the fact that myself and Andrew Barroway visited with the City yesterday and the particulars of this were never raised," Coyotes co-owner Anthony LeBlanc said in a statement. "In fact, we to this moment have not been advised of this other than the notification on the City website. The City of Glendale is displaying a complete lack of good faith, business acumen or an understanding of a business partnership. We want to reassure our great fans that the Arizona Coyotes are committed to Glendale and playing at Gila River Arena."', u'The NHL issued a statement Wednesday morning in support of the Coyotes.', u'"We have been advised by the Coyotes that the City of Glendale\'s contentions are without merit and we fully expect the Coyotes to continue to play at the Gila River Arena and for the City to continue to honor its obligations to the Coyotes," it read. "After everything that has transpired, it is extremely disappointing that the City of Glendale would do anything that might damage the Club."', u'The Coyotes have been through similar situations numerous times since former owner Jerry Moyes took the team into bankruptcy in 2009.', u'The team spent four years being run by the NHL, with potential new owners appearing then falling away, along with plenty of speculation the team would be relocated.', u'IceArizona, headed by LeBlanc and George Gosbee, seemed to give the Coyotes stability when it bought the team in 2013, but a decision to sell a 51 percent stake last year to Barroway, a Philadelphia hedge fund manager, led to more relocation speculation.', u"IceArizona said at the time that the inclusion of Barroway would only enhance the team's finances and foothold in Arizona, a statement that so far seems to have held true.", u'The latest development surfaced when members of the Glendale City Council reportedly were concerned that IceArizona had breached its 15-year, $225 million arena lease with the city by using the $15 million a year it receives from Glendale to pay down debt incurred when the group purchased the team.', u'LeBlanc and Barroway met with Glendale officials on Monday to discuss any issues with the lease agreement and finding ways to generate more non-hockey revenue at the arena.', u"City officials have been concerned about the cost of running the arena \u2014 $15 million per year for 15 years \u2014 but LeBlanc said the team's impact goes well beyond ticket sales.", u'In figures released to The Associated Press, the Coyotes say they have generated more than $6.6 million in direct revenue to Glendale over the past year: $2.8 million from ticket surcharges; $1.5 million from direct sales taxes; $905,000 from parking; $500,000 in rent; $420,000 from a new naming-rights agreement; $522,000 for reimbursed public safety.', u"The Coyotes also estimate an additional $2.5 million in revenue to the city through an increased sales tax at the neighboring Westgate Entertainment District and the additional people the team brings to the area. LeBlanc added that doesn't include the $2 million the team spent to upgrade food and beverage offerings along with clubs inside Gila River Arena last year nor the $2 million in planned technology upgrades this year, including public Wi-Fi.", u'"Their net operating expense to operate the arena is less than $6 million," LeBlanc said. "When they were looking at options when we did our deal two years ago, the number they had in their mind if there was no hockey team, the number they had to budget was $6.5 million. We\'re below that, we\'re already below that."']), ([u'Triple Crown Trainer Bob Baffert Tosses 1st Pitch at Dodgers'], [u"LOS ANGELES \u2014  Bob Baffert took a victory lap at Dodger Stadium on Tuesday night, tossing out the ceremonial first pitch in celebration of American Pharoah's ", u' victory.', u"The white-haired trainer wore a No. 12 Dodgers jersey with his name on the back and brought his 10-year-old son Bode to the mound. Baffert's throw to the plate was high and away, but catcher A.J. Ellis snagged it. American Pharoah became the 12th horse to win the Triple Crown last Saturday in New York.", u'"I guess he\'d be like (Yasiel) Puig," Baffert joked. "When he gets out there, he dominates."', u"It was Baffert's first ceremonial first pitch since 2002, when War Emblem won the ", u' and ', u', but failed in his bid to sweep the Triple Crown with a loss in the ', u'.', u'"I\'m at an age where you get a pass," the 62-year-old trainer said about his throwing abilities.', u'Baffert was greeted by ace Clayton Kershaw and manager Don Mattingly before the game against his home state Arizona Diamondbacks. He grew up in the border city of Nogales, Arizona.', u'Baffert said he\'s a Dodger fan because "when I grew up there was no Diamondbacks."', u'After his on-field duties, Baffert, wife, Jill, Bode and a friend retired to the Dugout Club to eat Dodger Dogs slathered in ketchup and mustard.', u'He is based at nearby Santa Anita racetrack, where American Pharoah is scheduled to return on June 18.', u'Baffert is heading to Louisville, Kentucky, on Thursday to spend a few days with his history-making colt. He will attend a ceremony at Churchill Downs on Saturday night, when he, owner Ahmed Zayat and jockey Victor Espinoza will receive their Kentucky Derby trophies, and Pharoah will be paraded on the track.']), ([u"LEADING OFF: Price vs Salazar; Pence Plan; Pineda's Turn"], [u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Friday:", u'___', u'TOP OF THEIR GAME', u'Tigers left-hander David Price is coming off a complete game victory over the White Sox. He matches up against Cleveland righty Danny Salazar, who had 10 strikeouts in seven-plus innings of a 2-1 win over Baltimore in his last start.', u'PENCE PLAN', u'The San Francisco Giants should finally make a decision on whether to put outfielder Hunter Pence on the disabled list. A minor leaguer was ready to fly to New York on Thursday but manager Bruce Bochy said the team decided to hold off for one more day. Pence was injured making a diving catch on June 2.', u'BIG BREAK', u"Michael Pineda makes his first start after 11 days of rest, when the Yankees open a series in Baltimore. New York skipped the right-hander's last outing in order to manage his innings this year. The Orioles' Ubaldo Jimenez tries for his first win since May 11.", u'ON THE MEND', u"Oakland's Ike Davis is going to begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Nashville. He's been out with a strained left quadriceps since May 14. The first baseman is hitting .282 with two homers and 11 RBIs in 103 at-bats.", u'BACK IN THE SHOW', u"Signed on Monday by the Philadelphia Phillies, Kevin Correia is set to make his first major league start of the season, against Pittsburgh. Correia pitched for San Francisco's Triple-A team in Sacramento this season, going 0-1 with a 3.58 ERA. He was released on May 29 after exercising an opt-out provision in his contract.", u"HALL'S OPEN", u'The Baseball Hall of Fame was dedicated at Cooperstown, N.Y., in 1939, and the first induction ceremony was held that day. All 11 living electees were on hand.']), ([u'Marta Sets Scoring Mark as Brazil Beat South Korea'], [u"(Reuters) - Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women's World Cup by notching Brazil's second from the penalty spot in a 2-0 win over South Korea in their Group E opener on Tuesday.", u'Formiga gave Brazil the lead in the first half in Montreal before Marta doubled their advantage in the 53rd minute, her 15th career World Cup goal taking her past retired German forward Birgit Prinz.', u'The win put Brazil top of Group E after Costa Rica drew 1-1 with Spain earlier in the day.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Young Shines in Royals' 2-0 Win Over Twins"], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  As ugly as the numbers looked for Chris Young over his previous two starts, the big right-hander felt he was just a couple of pitches away in each of those from breaking through.', u'He was probably only one pitch away from doing something really special against the Minnesota Twins.', u'Young took a no-hitter into the seventh inning and Salvador Perez homered to help the Kansas City Royals to a 2-0 victory over the Twins on Tuesday night.', u'"He was sharp tonight," manager Ned Yost said. "Had that little hop on his fastball. Had that disappearing slider. Mixed in some great change-ups. ... He just threw the ball extremely well."', u'Young (5-2) left after giving up a triple to Trevor Plouffe with one out in the seventh for his only hit of the game. The 6-foot-10 right-hander struck out two and walked three to bounce back from a pair of ugly starts and put the Royals in a position to sweep the Twins on Wednesday.', u'Trevor May (4-4) gave up one run on seven hits with five strikeouts and three walks in six innings for the Twins, who managed just the one hit and have scored five runs in their last four games.', u"On a night when San Francisco's Chris Heston no-hit the Mets, Young looked prime to equal him as he carved up the slumping Twins lineup through six innings.", u'He faced the minimum number of batters through five innings, walked two in the sixth and finally yielded when Plouffe just missed an opposite field homer that bounced high off the big wall in right field.', u"Royals manager Ned Yost immediately pulled him, turning things over to the American League's best bullpen to finish of Kansas City's third straight victory. Franklin Morales and Kelvin Herrera kept Plouffe stranded at third and Greg Holland picked up his 11th save in 12 chances.", u"It should come as no surprise that Young didn't let a couple of shaky starts get him down. He started this season with the Royals with wins in his first three starts, but had given up 10 earned runs over his previous two against the Yankees and Indians.", u'"You can say I pitched better than my results, but at some point the results have to match," Young said.', u'That was nothing compared to what he overcame just to stay in the big leagues. Young broke in with the Rangers in 2004 and also pitched for the Padres and Mariners. But his career was in jeopardy in 2013 after he had surgery to address thoracic outlet syndrome, a nerve disorder that gave him chronic pain in his shoulder and neck.', u'He recovered and went 12-9 with a 3.65 ERA for the Mariners last year to earn AL comeback player of the year honors before signing with the AL champions in March.', u'He got all the help he would need against the Twins in the first inning when Alcides Escobar led off the game with a double and scored on a single from Mike Moustakas. Perez added his ninth homer of the season in the ninth.', u'The Royals (33-23) can complete the three-game sweep of the Twins (33-25), who have fallen behind AL Central-leading Kansas City, on Wednesday.', u'WEB GEMS', u'Young was also the beneficiary of some stellar defense behind him, including a leaping grab at the left field wall by Alex Gordon.', u'After he left, Escobar also made a great play deep in the hole at shortstop and Eric Hosmer made a big scoop at first base to get the speedy Eddie Rosario to end the seventh inning.', u'"Those guys are unbelievable," Young said. "Every night they make unbelievable plays and they almost make them so easily that you take them for granted."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Royals: LHP Danny Duffy, who has been on the disabled list since May 17 with left biceps tendinitis, was scheduled to return to the mound on a rehab assignment with Triple-A Omaha.', u'UP NEXT', u'The Royals send RHP Edinson Volquez (4-4, 3.26) to the mound in the series finale to face RHP Kyle Gibson (4-3, 3.00). Volquez is 0-2 with a 4.13 ERA on the road this season. Gibson has given up a combined four earned runs on 13 hits in his two starts against Kansas City this season. He is 1-1 in those starts.']), ([u'Abreu, Rodon Power White Sox Past Slumping Astros 4-2'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Jose Abreu hit a tie-breaking two-run homer, Carlos Rodon threw six scoreless innings, and the Chicago White Sox beat Houston 4-2 on Tuesday night to hand the Astros their sixth straight loss despite top draft pick Carlos Correa hitting his first homer.', u"Abreu's 10th home run of the season broke a scoreless tie in the bottom of the sixth and propelled Chicago to its second win to start the three-game series with the AL West-leading Astros. The reigning AL rookie of the year hadn't homered since June 3 but his line drive over the fence in right-center field off Dallas Keuchel drove in Alexei Ramirez and gave Chicago the lead.", u"That homer and Melky Cabrera's two-run double in the eighth were enough for the White Sox to continue the Astros' slide. During their losing streak, the Astros have been held to two runs or fewer five times.", u"Chicago led 4-0 in the ninth before Chris Carter doubled to start the inning when the White Sox couldn't catch his high popup in short right field. Correa, who was 2 for 4, then took a Zach Duke pitch into the left-field bleachers to cut the White Sox lead in half.", u'David Robertson replaced Duke and picked up his 12th save in 15 tries. George Springer lined out to right to end the game, one pitch after he had flipped his bat away and started to first thinking he had walked. After his ball was caught by Avisail Garcia, Springer appeared to be pointing and yelling at home-plate umpire Larry Vanover from near first base.', u"Rodon (2-0) allowed four hits and two walks while striking out five and throwing a career-high 116 pitches. It was the fourth consecutive start of at least six innings while allowing one earned run or fewer for Chicago's top pick in the 2014 draft.", u"Besides Abreu's home run, Keuchel (7-2) was strong. He went seven innings and allowed two runs and seven hits while striking out five and walking two. Keuchel, who went at least six innings for his 24th consecutive start, retired 10 straight batters before walking Tyler Flowers with one out in the fifth but still lost his second decision in his last three.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Astros: OF Preston Tucker returned to the lineup after he was given a 48-hour rest period to work on his hitting approach during Houston's final two games against Toronto over the weekend. Tucker then missed the series opener Monday because LHP Chris Sale was pitching.", u'White Sox: Abreu said through a translator he\'s been doing endurance training all season, and getting results. "Yes, I feel very good, very strong," Abreu said.', u'UP NEXT', u'Astros RHP Vincent Velasquez faces Chicago LHP Jose Quintana (2-6, 4.28). Velasquez will be making his major-league debut after going 3-0 with a 1.37 ERA at Double-A Corpus Christi.']), ([u'Cano, Pitching Lead Mariners Past Indians 3-2'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Robinson Cano broke out of a slump with two doubles and an RBI, while five pitchers held Cleveland in check, leading the Seattle Mariners to a 3-2 win over the Indians on Tuesday night.', u"Roenis Elias (3-3) gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the second, the only run the left-hander allowed in six innings. Gomes homered to lead off the ninth against rookie Carson Smith, the Mariners' fourth reliever.", u'Pinch-hitter Michael Bourn singled with one out, but David Murphy, another pinch-hitter, flied out and Jason Kipnis grounded out as Smith recorded his second save.', u"Cano's RBI double off Corey Kluber (3-7) put Seattle ahead in the first. Logan Morrison, who extended his hitting streak to 15 games, added a run-scoring double in the second. Cano also doubled in the fifth.", u'Kluber, the defending AL Cy Young winner, allowed two runs in seven innings in losing his second straight start.', u'Mariners slugger Nelson Cruz, who leads the American League with 18 home runs, was removed from the game with back spasms in the fifth inning.', u'The Mariners, coming off a 2-9 homestand, won for only the second time in 10 games. Seattle has scored three runs or less in a club-record 13 straight games.', u"Cano came into the game in a 10 for 59 skid in the last 15 games and was 6 for 36 on Seattle's homestand. He was batting .239 with two homers and 18 RBIs overall.", u'Seth Smith added an RBI double in the eighth.', u'Kluber allowed four hits, struck out four and walked three. The right-hander defeated the Mariners in Seattle on May 28, allowed three runs and striking out 13 in in seven innings.', u'After Cruz fouled off a pitch in the fifth, McClendon and a Mariners trainer came on the field. Cruz walked to the dugout after a brief discussion.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Mariners: RHP Hisashi Iwakuma (back and side injuries) is scheduled to throw a bullpen session this week. He threw off the mound Sunday for the second time since being injured.', u'Indians: RHP Scott Atchison (sprained left ankle) will pitch on a rehab assignment at Double-A Akron on Wednesday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Mariners: RHP Taijuan Walker threw eight shutout innings against Cleveland at Safeco Field on May 29 in a 2-1 win. He also pitched eight innings against the Yankees on June 3, but got the loss on home runs by Mark Teixeria and Garrett Jones.', u'Indians: RHP Trevor Bauer is 0-3 with a 5.09 ERA in three career starts against Seattle. He struck out 10 in seven innings on May 29, but allowed a two-run homer to Seth Smith and got the loss']), ([u'Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List, Angels Beat Rays 8-2'], [u'ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. \u2014  Albert Pujols reached another milestone and helped the Los Angeles Angels end a skid.', u'Pujols tied Mickey Mantle for 16th place on the career home run list, Kole Calhoun drove in a career-high four runs and the Angels stopped a season-high, five-game losing streak by beating the Tampa Bay Rays 8-2 on Tuesday night.', u'"It\'s pretty special," Pujols said. "Mickey\'s a legend. My goal is try to help this team to win. I\'m glad I was able to do that."', u'Pujols hit his 536th homer to tie the New York Yankees great, an opposite-field shot to right on an 0-1 pitch from Nathan Karns (3-3) in the fifth inning. Pujols has eight homers in his last 11 games, and 16 overall this season.', u'"Every time Albert hits a home run, it\'s just fun to experience," Angels manager Mike Scioscia said. "It\'s a special time."', u'Mike Schmidt is 15th with 548 home runs.', u'Calhoun had an RBI double during a two-run first, a run-scoring single in the sixth and a two-run single in a three-run eighth.', u'"It was nice to break out on this trip," Calhoun said.', u'Matt Shoemaker (4-4) improved to 3-0 in three starts against Tampa Bay after allowing two runs and five hits in 6 1-3 innings.', u'Joey Butler had two RBIs for the Rays, who returned home following a 7-3 road trip. Tampa Bay (31-28) is 14-17 at home.', u"Pujols broke a tie for 15th place with George Brett by getting his 1,120th extra-base hit, a leadoff double in the third. Pujols scored on David Freese's double. His homer moved him within one extra-base hit of tying Manny Ramirez (1,122) for 14th place.", u'"Great player, future Hall of Famer," Rays manager Kevin Cash said. "Would prefer for him to go ahead and get out of Tampa."', u'Freese, who extended his hitting streak to 12 games, left late in the game with right hamstring tightness. His status will be evaluated Wednesday.', u"After the Rays were limited to one hit through five innings, Butler drove in two runs with a double on Tampa Bay's third consecutive one-out hit in the sixth.", u'Karns gave up five runs and nine hits over 5 2-3 innings.', u'Tampa Bay made three errors for the first time since Aug. 12 at Texas.', u'"Probably not our best game played," Cash said.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Angels: OF Collin Cowgill (sprained right wrist) ran the bases and could take batting practice in a few days.', u'Rays: 3B Evan Longoria (sore left wrist) was out of the lineup for the third straight game, but expects to start Wednesday night. He struck out as a pinch-hitter with two on and two outs in the seventh. ... LHP Matt Moore (elbow ligament-replacement surgery) threw four scoreless innings for Class A Charlotte against Dunedin in his second rehab start.', u'ADDITIONAL ALBERT', u'Pujols is hitting .395 with eight homers and 13 RBIs over his last 11 games. ... He is three RBIs from tying Chicago Cubs great Ernie Banks (1,636) for 29th place.', u'MOVING DAY', u"The Rays recalled RHP Andrew Bellatti from Triple-A Durham to take RHP Jake Odorizzi's roster spot. Odorizzi went on the 15-day DL with a left oblique strain. ... After the game, LHP Enny Romero was optioned to Durham.", u'THE ROADIE', u'Shoemaker is at a loss to explain his success on the road, where he is 11-2 in 17 games, including 15 starts.', u'"I wish I had something for you," he said. "I don\'t."', u'UP NEXT', u'Angels: RHP Jered Weaver (4-5) looks to rebound Wednesday night after allowing a season-high seven earned runs over 5 2-3 innings in a loss Friday night to the New York Yankees. He will face Rays RHP Erasmo Ramirez (4-2).']), ([u'Orioles Score on Wild Pitch to Beat Red Sox 1-0'], [u'BALTIMORE \u2014  Steve Pearce scored in the seventh inning on a wild pitch by Matt Barnes, and the Baltimore Orioles overcame another sharp outing by Boston Red Sox rookie Eduardo Rodriguez in a 1-0 victory Tuesday night.', u'Four pitchers combined on a five-hitter for the Orioles, who have won four of five. Chad Roe (1-0) pitched 1 1/3 innings to earn his first AL victory, and Zach Britton got five outs for his 16th save.', u'Rodriguez allowed three hits and three walks over six sparkling innings. The former Orioles prospect was vying to become the first left-hander since Kazuhisa Ishii of the Dodgers in 2002 to win his first three major league appearances.', u'Obtained by Boston last July in the trade that sent reliever Andrew Miller to Baltimore, Rodriguez struck out seven and lowered his ERA to 0.44.', u"Barnes (2-1) entered in the seventh and immediately gave up the game's first run."]), ([u'Sanchez and Davis Lead Tigers to 6-0 Win Over Cubs'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  Anibal Sanchez pitched well for 7 2-3 innings and Rajai Davis had a big day at bat and in the field as the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 Tuesday night.', u'Davis had a double, a triple and stole a homer from David Ross, while Sanchez (4-7) ended a four-start slump that saw Detroit lose all four starts while he posted a 7.71 ERA.', u'Sanchez allowed six hits and walked two while striking out seven.', u'Jon Lester (4-5) took the loss, giving up five runs on nine hits and two walks in 4 1/3 innings.', u"Davis led off the first with a double, took third on David Ross' passed ball and scored on Miguel Cabrera's single to center."]), ([u'Votto Hits 3 Homers, Reds Get 5 in All to Beat Phillies 11-2'], [u'CINCINNATI \u2014  Joey Votto hit three homers in a game for the third time in his career \u2014 matching Johnny Bench as the only Reds players to do it \u2014 and Cincinnati piled up five total on Tuesday night in a 11-2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies.', u"Votto hit two of the Reds' four homers off Aaron Harang (4-7), who had given up a total of four all season. Votto added a two-run homer in the seventh inning off Dustin McGowan, then grounded out in the eighth, finishing one shy of the major league record.", u'It was an all-or-nothing night for the Reds, who matched their season high for homers while pulling away to their most lopsided win. Four of their first five hits off Harang cleared the wall \u2014 Zack Cozart hit a three-run shot in the first inning, and Todd Frazier had a solo homer.', u"It was the fourth time in his career that Harang allowed four homers in a game. He hadn't done it since 2007, when he pitched for the Reds.", u"The Phillies lost their sixth in a row on the road, their longest slump since they dropped 11 straight in 2013. Philadelphia has the majors' worst road record at 7-22. The Phillies have lost 12 of their last 15 games overall.", u'Anthony DeSclafani (5-4) matched his career high by fanning seven batters and gave up two runs in 6 1/3 innings to a lineup that struggles away from Citizens Bank Park. The Phillies average 3.03 runs per game on the road, the fewest in the majors.', u"Harang had some of his best years in Cincinnati, where he pitched from 2003-10. He's struggled in his last two starts, both of them against the Reds. He's lost four consecutive starts for the first time since 2009, when he dropped five in a row.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Phillies: If right-hander Chad Billingsley has no problems after his bullpen session Tuesday, he'll throw again in a couple of days and then start a rehab assignment. He's been on the disabled list with a strained shoulder since May 17.", u'Reds: Center fielder Billy Hamilton was out of the lineup with a sore left hand. Second baseman Brandon Phillips strained his groin while sliding into base in the first inning and left the game an inning later.', u'UP NEXT', u"Phillies: Jerome Williams (3-5) tries for his first win since May 16. He's 0-2 with a pair of no-decisions since.", u'Reds: Jon Moscot (0-1) makes his second start in the majors. He took a 6-2 loss to San Diego in his debut on Friday, allowing four runs in five innings.', u'___']), ([u'Tanaka, Drew, Yankees Top Scherzer, Nats for 7th Win in Row'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  On a day of prime pitching in the Big Apple, Masahiro Tanaka did more than his part.', u'Tanaka bested Max Scherzer, Stephen Drew hit two solo home runs and the New York Yankees beat the Washington Nationals 6-1 Tuesday night for their seventh straight victory.', u'"Obviously, I knew who I was going up against today," Tanaka said through a translator.', u'The top mound performance in town, however, came about 10 miles away from Yankee Stadium. Over at Citi Field, Giants rookie Chris Heston threw a no-hitter against the New York Mets.', u'"I did hear about that right at the end of the game, so it\'s quite an accomplishment for a young pitcher," Yankees manager Joe Girardi said.', u'And quite a nice night for pitching in New York, right?', u'"Yes, it was," he said.', u'A two-out throwing error by shortstop Ian Desmond in the seventh inning broke a 1-all tie. New York went on to match its longest winning streak since 2012.', u'Bryce Harper hit his 20th home run for the Nationals, who have lost nine of 11. Washington fell in its first trip to Yankee Stadium since 2009.', u'Tanaka (4-1) gave up one run and five hits in seven innings, walking none and striking out six. No one on the Nationals had ever batted against him and it showed with several timid, late swings.', u'Tanaka made his second start since wrist and forearm ailments put him on the disabled list. No ill effects, apparently.', u'"I think he enjoys the stage. I do," Girardi said. "I think that\'s one of the reasons he came to New York too, because I think he likes the competition and the excitement of pitching here."', u'Scherzer (6-5) kept pace with Tanaka until the seventh.', u'"You always want to face the best," Scherzer said. "You don\'t measure yourself against the worst."', u'With two outs and runners on first and second, Alex Rodriguez hit a hard grounder in the hole and Desmond made a dive to stop it. Desmond threw from one knee, trying to get a forceout at third, but the toss hit runner Ramon Flores as he neared the bag.', u"The ball caromed into the dugout for a run on the fielder's choice.", u'"I thought it\'s an outstanding baserunning play," Girardi said. "You tell a guy to read the fielder that\'s in front of you and kind of try to get in the way, in a sense, of the throw \u2014 like Reggie (Jackson) used to."', u'Reliever Matt Thornton gave up a two-run single to Brian McCann and an RBI single to Carlos Beltran.', u"Drew's homer in the third marked his 1,000th career hit, and he homered again in the eighth. He has four multihomer games lifetime, and also had one Friday night.", u'Drew began the day batting .168.', u'"It is what it is," he said. "It\'s a numbers game and in April I did have some great at-bats and nothing for it."', u'Harper homered in his first game at Yankee Stadium, hitting a tying drive to center field in the fourth. The shot landed near Monument Park \u2014 before batting practice, Harper toured the area, checking out the plaques and tributes to Mickey Mantle, Babe Ruth and other Yankees greats.', u'Leading off the seventh with the score tied, Harper switched up his strategy and tried to bunt on a 1-2 pitch, but fouled it off for strike three.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Nationals: CF Denard Span was a late scratch because of back spasms. He exited early Sunday, tried to get loose before this game and was pulled from the lineup. ... RHP Stephen Strasburg (neck tightness) threw a bullpen session earlier in the day. If he's OK, he'll pitch live batting practice later this week in Milwaukee. ... RHP Doug Fister (forearm tightness) will next throw in a rehab game for Double-A Harrisburg as he builds up his pitch count.", u"Yankees: OF Jacoby Ellsbury, out since May 20 because of a sprained right knee, is making progress, Girardi said. But he said it's too early to look at a return date.", u'UP NEXT', u"Nationals: LHP Gio Gonzalez is 1-5 with a 7.30 ERA in seven career starts vs. the Yankees. He'll pitch Wednesday night against Nathan Eovaldi \u2014 they matched up May 19 in Washington and both were hit hard.", u'Yankees: Eovaldi (5-1, 4.16) is 0-4 in 11 career interleague starts. Harper and Desmond homered off him last month when the right-hander gave up five runs in 4 1/3 innings.', u'SANTOS SIGNED', u'The Yankees signed righty reliever Sergio Santos to a minor league deal. He was 0-0 with a 4.73 ERA in 12 games for the Dodgers before being released in late May. The 31-year-old posted 30 saves for the White Sox in 2011.']), ([u"Reds' Joey Votto Hits 3 Homers, Matches Johnny Bench"], [u'CINCINNATI \u2014  Joey Votto has homered three times against the Philadelphia Phillies, matching Johnny Bench as the only Cincinnati Reds players to hit that many in a game three times.', u'Votto had solo shots off Aaron Harang \u2014 who gave up four homers in all \u2014 and added a two-run blast in the seventh inning off Dustin McGowan. Votto has 13 homers totall this season.', u"It's the 11th multi-homer game of Votto's career and his second this season.", u'Zack Cozart and Todd Frazier also hit home runs off Harang. The Reds pulled ahead 9-2 and matched their season high for homers.', u'___']), ([u"Royals' Chris Young Loses No-Hit Bid in the Seventh Inning"], [u"MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  Trevor Plouffe broke up Kansas City pitcher Chris Young's no-hit bid with a triple to right field with one out in the seventh inning. Young was relieved by Franklin Morales as the Royals led 1-0.", u'Young was the American League Comeback Player of the Year last season for the Seattle Mariners. He had surgery in 2013 to correct a nerve ailment that gave him pain in his shoulders and neck and came back to go 12-9 with a 3.65 ERA for the Mariners last year.', u'He signed a one-year deal with the Royals before this season.']), ([u'Encarnacion Hits Game-Winning Homer, Jays Beat Marlins 4-3'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  As he approached a crowd of teammates waiting at home plate, ready to celebrate his game-winning home run, Edwin Encarnacion pointed to his sore left shoulder and asked everyone to go easy on him.', u'The Blue Jays obliged, and were gentle with their latest hero.', u'Encarnacion hit a two-run home run in the ninth inning and Toronto extended its winning streak to seven games, beating the Miami Marlins 4-3 on Tuesday night.', u'"Anything can happen; I don\'t want to get hurt again," said Encarnacion, who missed the past two games after getting a cortisone shot. "They took care of me."', u'Liam Hendriks (2-0) pitched one inning for the win as the Blue Jays won in their final at-bat for the second time in three games.', u'"That\'s why it\'s so important to have Eddie in the lineup healthy, because he can do that," Blue Jays manager John Gibbons said.', u"Encarnacion connected off A.J. Ramos (0-1) with a one-out drive to center. It was the fourth walkoff homer of Encarnacion's career.", u'"I was looking for a fastball at the beginning of the count," Encarnacion said. "He threw me a first-pitch fastball and I didn\'t miss it."', u'Giancarlo Stanton hit two solo home runs for the Marlins, who lost for the third time in four games. Stanton leads the majors with 21 homers and 51 RBIs.', u'Josh Donaldson led off the ninth with a single that dropped in front of Stanton in right. After Jose Bautista struck out, Encarnacion followed with his 13th homer and first since May 24.', u'"They\'re a good hitting team and that group in the middle of the lineup is probably as good as any in baseball," Marlins manager Dan Jennings said. "They hunt the fastball and they\'re certainly capable of doing damage when they get it."', u"Encarnacion's drive denied Dan Haren his third straight win. Haren allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings. He walked none and struck out seven, matching his season high.", u'"Tremendous job by Dan Haren," Jennings said. "He\'s an artist out there."', u'Stanton opened the scoring by homering off Mark Buehrle in the first, then broke a 2-2 tie by connecting off Roberto Osuna in the seventh. It was his third multihomer game of the season and the 16th of his career.', u'Christian Yelich also homered for the Marlins.', u"Toronto's Chris Colabello went 0 for 3 with two strikeouts, ending his hitting streak at 18 games.", u"Buehrle came in riding a 17-inning scoreless streak but couldn't extend it, with the Marlins taking an early lead on Stanton's two-out drive in the first.", u"Miami made it 2-0 on Yelich's two-out homer in the fourth, but Toronto tied it in the bottom half on back-to-back sacrifice flies by Jose Bautista and Encarnacion.", u'Buehrle allowed two runs and eight hits in six innings, the first time in three starts he failed to pitch a complete game.', u'DOGG ON THE FIELD', u"Rapper Snoop Dogg threw out the first pitch wearing a Blue Jays jersey with 'Dogg' and the number 20 on the back. After jokingly shaking off catcher Jose Bautista twice, Snoop Dogg's pitch was high and outside.", u'WEB GEM', u'Marlins 2B Dee Gordon raced into foul territory behind first base and made a sliding catch to retire Toronto slugger Josh Donaldson in the sixth.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Marlins: Jennings said RHP Mat Latos (left knee) is expected to be activated soon after throwing 4 2-3 inning in a rehab start at Triple-A New Orleans on Monday. "It could be within a week," Jennings said. "We\'re looking at the rotation and where he could potentially fit in."', u'UP NEXT', u'Marlins: RHP Tom Koehler (4-3, 3.72) has won his past two decisions and allowed just one run over seven innings in his past start, June 5 at Colorado. Koehler has never faced the Blue Jays.', u'Blue Jays: Toronto will skip rookie RHP Aaron Sanchez this time through the rotation. Gibbons said Sanchez is suffering from general soreness. "We can\'t take a chance so we\'ll back him off," Gibbons said. Following the game, RHP Scott Copeland was recalled from Triple-A Buffalo to start against Miami on Wednesday, with INF Munenori Kawasaki optioned to Buffalo. Copeland has made two relief appearances for the Blue Jays this season.']), ([u"Giants' Heston Has No-Hit Bid vs Mets Through 8 Innings"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  San Francisco Giants pitcher Chris Heston has held the New York Mets hitless through eight innings.', u'The 27-year-old rookie right-hander had allowed just two baserunners Tuesday night, hitting Ruben Tejada and Lucas Duda with pitches in the fourth inning during a span of three pitches.', u'Heston had struck out eight and allowed two balls into the outfield. Brandon Crawford made a strong throw from deep shortstop to get Eric Campbell for the final out of the eighth.', u'Heston threw 63 of 96 pitches for strikes. He also hit a two-run single in the fourth off Noah Syndergaard for his first big league RBIs. Angel Pagan put the Giants ahead with an RBI groundout in the first, and Matt Duffy homered in the sixth.', u'San Francisco extended its lead to 5-0 when Joe Panik hit a leadoff homer in the seventh.']), ([u"Australia's Rogers to Miss Another Test Due to Concussion"], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  Australia opening batsman Chris Rogers will go into the Ashes series short of match fitness after being ruled out for a second consecutive test against West Indies due to concussion.', u'Rogers missed the opening match in Dominica after being struck on the helmet by a ball in training and team doctor Peter Brukner said he had not recovered sufficiently to be selected for the second and final test in Kingston starting on Thursday.', u'After finishing in Jamaica, Australia head to England for the five-test Ashes series, starting with the first match in Cardiff on July 8.', u'"Chris has improved but he is still not 100 percent so we are restricting his training (and) therefore he is unavailable for selection for the second test," Brukner said on Cricket Australia\'s (CA) website (', u').', u'"While most concussions resolve within a week there is a significant number who remain symptomatic and require a longer period of recovery.', u'"Unfortunately Chris is in this category. We will continue to monitor his progress and hopefully it will not be too long before he is back to full training."', u"Shaun Marsh batted in the 37-year-old's place in the nine-wicket win in Dominica, scoring 19 and 13 not out.", u'Selectors have yet to name a team but left-hander Marsh is likely to retain his place, despite his limited contribution in the first test.', u'While Australia trounced the hosts in three days at Windsor Park their traditional struggles against spin continued.', u'West Indies legspinner Devendra Bishoo capturing six wickets in the first innings, including three top order batsmen.', u"One of Bishoo's victims was Steven Smith, considered one of Australia's best players of spin. Smith said he hoped Australia's top six batsmen would handle the conditions better at Sabina Park.", u'"I think it\'s always quite hard coming from Australia to play over here where guys are able to get the ball out of the front of the hand and still get a lot of spin," he wrote in a column on CA\'s website.', u'"I guess that\'s traditionally what we\'re not used to being from Australia. But I think the guys are learning how to play in these conditions.', u'"Obviously it didn\'t go to plan with the top order but I think that\'s one thing we\'ll continue to address and hopefully the top six are the guys in the runs during the next test."', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List'], [u'ST. PETERSBURG, Fla. \u2014  Los Angeles Angels slugger Albert Pujols has tied Mickey Mantle for 16th place on the all-time home run list.', u"Pujols hit his 536th homer to tie the New York Yankees' great Tuesday night, hitting an opposite-field shot to right field on an 0-1 pitch from Tampa Bay right-hander Nathan Karns in the fifth inning.", u'Pujols has eight homers in his last 11 games, and 16 overall this season.', u'Mike Schmidt is in 15th place with 548 home runs.']), ([u"The Latest: Kobe: Cavs Playing Like 'Life Is on the Line'"], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  The latest from Game 3 of the NBA Finals:', u'___', u'12:30 a.m.', u'Kobe Bryant has weighed in on the NBA Finals.', u'"Cavs playing as if their life is on the line," Bryant wrote on Twitter after Game 3, getting retweeted more than 10,000 times within the first six minutes of its posting. "G.S playing as if they have more (NBA Finals) down the line."', u'The five-time champion from the Los Angeles Lakers ended the tweet with two hashtags, "ThisIsNOW" and "competitionIsEverything."', u'___', u'11:58 p.m.', u'LeBron James had another huge game, and addressed what many Cleveland fans are wondering: Can he keep it up.', u'"I don\'t know if I can continue to put up these type of numbers but I know I\'ll continue to lead these guys every single night," James said after the game.', u'But on Tuesday, he got some help from a suddenly well-known Matthew Dellavedova.', u'"If there\'s a ball on the ground, he\'s going to be the first guy on the ground," James said of Dellavedova. "He showed up multiple times tonight. He\'s huge. He\'s huge for our team.', u'"He gives us that grit, that grit that we need. He gives us everything until that tank is empty, and he has a small little reserve tank that he continues to work through."', u'___', u'11:50 p.m.', u'LeBron James had 40 points, 12 rebounds and eight assists, and the Cleveland Cavaliers held on for a 96-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors and a 2-1 lead in the NBA Finals.', u'The Warriors trimmed a 20-point deficit down to one with about 2 1/2 minutes left, but Matthew Dellavedova converted a three-point play, James made a 3-pointer and Tristan Thompson added a free throw for an 88-80 advantage with 1:31 to play.', u"Stephen Curry's 3-pointer later trimmed it to 94-91 before James hit two free throws to finish it.", u'Dellavedova finished with 20 points for the Cavs, who host Game 4 on Thursday.', u'Curry rebounded from a slow start to finish with 27 points for the Warriors.', u'___', u'11:15 p.m.', u"Steve Kerr told his team they were too good to hang their heads. And they didn't.", u'With a big surge to open the fourth quarter, the Warriors are back in the game.', u"Down 20 points late in the third, the Warriors opened the fourth with eight straight to trim Cleveland's lead into single digits, and had it down to a three-point deficit with more than 5 minutes to play.", u'They are making the run with bench contributions from Andre Iguodala, Leandro Barbosa and David Lee.', u"Lee hadn't even played in the first two games of the series.", u'___', u'10:47 p.m.', u"Steve Kerr is not liking the body language he's seeing from the Golden State Warriors, as they face a big deficit late in the third quarter.", u'"Get your heads up," Kerr said during a time-out. "Every possession matters. Shoot with confidence."', u'Later in the same clip aired on ABC, Kerr got animated.', u'"We\'re too good to play like this," he shouted. "We\'re too good to hang our heads. All right? Let\'s go!"', u'___', u'10:45', u'Matthew Dellavedova might score more points than Stephen Curry and as many cheers as LeBron James.', u'The Australian point guard and fan favorite has hit a couple of 3-pointers in the third quarter as the Cavaliers have opened a double-digit lead over the Warriors.', u"James and Dellavedova had combined for all of Cleveland's points for the first 5-plus minutes of the period, and Dellavedova's baskets drew enormous cheers every time.", u'___', u'10:23 p.m.', u'Thirty-seven points.', u"That's a season-low in first-half scoring for Golden State, which averages 56 first-half points per game .", u'But the concerns probably run deeper than that for the Warriors \u2014 the first three games of the finals are the first time all season that Golden State has been under 50 points at the break in back-to-back-to-back games.', u'___', u'9:50 p.m.', u'J.R. Smith can get hot as quickly as anyone, and maybe this is the night it happens.', u'Smith made two jumpers early in the second quarter, including a 3-pointer, and his first three shots of the game to give him seven points in his first 9 minutes.', u'He shot poorly in Game 1 and nearly cost the Cavs Game 2 with some boneheaded fouls down the stretch, but with so many injuries he becomes one of their best options to provide a second scorer behind LeBron James.', u'Unless he loses his stroke or his composure, that is.', u'___', u'9:20 p.m.', u'Even the King pays homage to other royalty.', u'Just before tip-off of Game 3, what did LeBron James do? Bowed in respect toward a fan in the jam-packed stands.', u'That fan just happened to be Cleveland Browns legend Jim Brown.', u'Then James helped Cleveland jump out to an early first-quarter lead.', u'___', u'9:05 p.m.', u"This crowd is delirious, and Game 3 hasn't started.", u'When the Cavaliers took the floor, 20,000 fans inside Quicken Loans Arena, most of them wearing wine-colored T-shirts, erupted in cheers.', u'Seconds later, the crowd got even louder when LeBron James, dancing and rapping lyrics, was shown on the giant mid-court scoreboard. That was followed by chants of "Del-ly, Del-ly," for guard Matthew Dellavedova, one of the Game 2 heroes.', u"James said earlier in the day that he expected Cleveland's crowd to be louder than he's ever heard, and it appears he could be right.", u'___', u'8:55 p.m.', u'Dwyane Wade is back on ABC to help with the pregame and halftime analysis of Game 3, and he knows LeBron James \u2014 his former Miami Heat teammate and still close friend \u2014 better than almost anyone.', u"But James' raw emotion when Cleveland won Game 2 was something new, even for Wade.", u'"I\'ve been to four Finals with the guy and I\'ve never seen him that emotional," Wade said during Tuesday\'s pregame show. "And what I took from that is that he has some sense of ownership. This is his city."', u'Wade\'s assessment of James\' performance in this series: "Spectacular."', u'___', u'8:35 p.m.', u"Golden State's biggest star, well its cutest one, has arrived.", u'Riley Curry, the adorable 2-year-old daughter of Warriors guard Stephen Curry, walked into Quicken Loans Arena along with her grandparents about an hour before Game 3 started.', u'The youngster has stolen the show from her famous daddy by hamming it up during his postgame interview sessions throughout the playoffs.', u'___', u'8:01 p.m.', u'Biggest game since 1997.', u'That was the consensus among Cleveland fans, who have waited 51 years for either the Cavaliers, Indians or Browns to win a championship.', u'The streets outside Quicken Loans Arena were packed with fans in the hours leading up to tip-off for Game 3 as the Cavs hosted their first NBA Finals matchup since 2007, when Cleveland was swept in four games by San Antonio.', u"This time around, though, Clevelanders are feeling hopeful about the Cavs' chances of ending a title drought dating to 1964.", u'"Very confident and excited," said Sarah Zuercher, who was headed to the game with her husband, Chris, wearing a "Woah Delly" T-shirt to honor pesky guard Matthew Dellavedova.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Tom Withers and AP Basketball Writer Tim Reynolds contributed to this report.']), ([u'Rugby-On a Roll, Ireland Are World Cup Contenders-Wood'], [u'DUBLIN \u2014  Former Ireland captain Keith Wood cannot contemplate whether the 2015 Six Nations champions are the best Irish team to travel to a World Cup without wondering what might have been.', u"In 2003, Wood's Ireland were a point away from beating hosts and eventual finalists Australia in a group decider that would have handed them an easier quarter-final than the thrashing that awaited them at the hands of France.", u'Ireland have still yet to progress beyond the last eight of a World Cup.', u'"I thought we\'d a really good chance in 2003," Wood told Reuters with 100 days to go until the 2015 World Cup begins. "I may have been a little bit premature or a little bit naive but I look back on it now and that was my mindset at that time."', u"Over a decade on, the fearlessly combative hooker sees one major difference with Joe Schmidt's team.", u'"We\'ve a history of winning, which we didn\'t in 2003. We\'d a history of winning one-off games. Now we\'ve back-to-back championships," said Wood, referring to Ireland\'s 2014 and 2015 Six Nations\' victories.', u'"I think we\'ve a really good coach, a really good team. It\'s realistic to think we\'ll go further than we have before."', u'While they had not won a championship since 1985 when Wood suffered his near miss, Ireland have won three in the last seven years. Since Schmidt took over in 2013, Ireland have won 14 games and lost four, including 11 wins in their last 12.', u"A compelling final day aside, Ireland's successful defence was hardly a thing of great beauty, relying on a powerful and accurate gameplan to unsettle opponents. The tournament's best defenders, only Scotland scored fewer tries.", u'Wood, capped 58 times for his country and twice a tourist with the British and Irish Lions, said Ireland cannot afford to go into their shells as much in England and Wales in September, especially in a group he fears will feature a resurgent France.', u'"People say it\'s not the most attractive, it doesn\'t have to be. It\'s winning and that\'s fantastic but you need to have that little bit more," said the ex-Harlequins and Munster man, a brand ambassador for MasterCard at this year\'s World Cup.', u'"I think if that moves up a notch, we\'d become a proper potent threat."', u"As for who will be crowned champions in Twickenham on Oct. 31, it's not as clear cut as the form book suggests.", u'"I definitely think we will see the nervy All Blacks again, I don\'t doubt that for a second. There was nothing short of pure unadulterated luck for them to win the final against France," said Wood, referring to the champions\' narrow 2011 win.', u'"I think New Zealand have to be favourites but it seems to catch them at times in a World Cup, especially up on these islands."', u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Verlander Set to Make 1st Start Saturday Against Indians'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  Detroit Tigers starter Justin Verlander is set to make his first start this season against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday.', u'The 2011 AL MVP and Cy Young Award winner has been sidelined all season after leaving a March 27 spring training game with a strained right triceps. His recovery suffered several setbacks before the last couple weeks.', u'He has made two rehab starts for Triple-A Toledo, and only allowed one run on four hits and no walks in 5 2/3 innings Saturday against Columbus.', u'He threw 93 pitches, hitting 94 mph with his fastball, and striking out nine.', u'"I feel like today was the step I wanted to see," he said after the start. "The biggest thing is getting my pitch count up and also getting some innings. Not just throwing three innings, but getting out there and getting up and down a few times."', u'With no soreness afterward, the Tigers are ready for him to finally take his spot in the rotation.', u'"I\'m looking for him to pitch well," Tigers manager Brad Ausmus said. "There\'s still a bit of strengthening and building-up process for him. It\'s only his third start since the injury. There\'s not a lot of restraints. If he pitches well, we\'ll roll with him."', u"Ausmus said Verlander won't be on a specific pitch count, but that they wouldn't let him get close to 115.", u'Verlander had sports-hernia surgery after the 2013 season, and struggled to regain his form in 2014. He went 15-12 with a 4.54 ERA, his highest since 2008.']), ([u'Late Colombia Goal Denies Mexico First World Cup Win'], [u'(Reuters) - A late goal from Daniela Montoya allowed Colombia to escape with a 1-1 draw against Mexico in their Group F opener at the Women\u2019s World Cup in Moncton on Tuesday.', u'Taking a back pass from Tatiana Ariza, Montoya drilled home a shot from just outside the penalty area that rang off the crossbar in the 82nd minute to deny Mexico a first World Cup win.', u'Mexico was the better team dominating possession, grabbing the early lead on a brilliant 36th minute strike from midfielder Veronica Perez.', u'El Tri thought it had pulled out a miracle finish in injury time when striker Charlyn Corral\u2019s shot rolled across the goal line only to have it waved off when teammate Stephany Mayor was called for a foul on Colombia\u2019s Angela Clavijo.', u'Ranked 26th in the world, Mexico will play England in its next game, while number 28 Colombia will face France.', u'(Reporting by Tim Wharnsby in Toronto. Editing by Steve Keating.)']), ([u'Hosts Chile Aim to End Century of Copa America Pain'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Hosts Chile will kick off the 44th edition of the Copa America on Thursday aiming to end one of the longest-running and most embarrassing records in South American football.', u'In 36 attempts spanning 99 years, Chile have never won the continent\u2019s top competition. They have finished runners-up four times and in third place on a further five occasions.', u'It is a statistic that rankles with Chileans. Even Bolivia, Colombia, Paraguay and Peru -- hardly footballing powerhouses -- have at least one Copa trophy to their name.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a big challenge for us all,\u201d captain and goalkeeper Claudio Bravo said on Tuesday ahead of their opener against Ecuador in Santiago\u2019s national stadium.', u'\u201cBut in the Copa America, the real pressure is on the teams that have lifted the trophy most often.\u201d', u'Those teams include Brazil and Argentina, who will start the three-week tournament as favourites.', u'Dunga\u2019s Brazil have won their last nine matches and will make it 10 if they beat Honduras in Porto Alegre on Wednesday in their final warm-up game before they head to Chile.', u'They have conceded just two goals in those games and beaten Argentina, Chile, Colombia and France. Although all friendlies, the results have gone some way to erasing the traumatic memory of their 7-1 humiliation by Germany at last year\u2019s World Cup.', u'Neymar will spearhead Brazil\u2019s attack after helping Barcelona win the treble and, although left back Marcelo and midfielder Luiz Gustavo have withdrawn through injury, they boast a formidable squad anchored by Paris Saint Germain team mates David Luiz and Thiago Silva.', u'The Brazilians open their campaign against Peru in the southern city of Temuco on Sunday before moving north to Santiago for a mouth-watering clash with Colombia -- a repeat of last year\u2019s stormy World Cup quarter-final.', u'If the groups turn out as expected, Brazil will face Lionel Messi\u2019s Argentina in the semi-finals.', u'LOST FINALS', u'The Argentines are seeking their first major title since they won the Copa America 22 years ago, having lost last year\u2019s World Cup final to Germany and the 2004 and 2007 Copa finals to Brazil.', u'At the last Copa in 2011, they were beaten on home soil by eventual champions Uruguay in the quarter-finals in a penalty shootout -- a huge disappointment for a team that have won the competition 14 times.', u'The River Plate neighbours will meet again in Chile in a relatively tough Group B that also includes 2011\u2019s beaten finalists Paraguay.', u'Messi is the undisputed star of the Argentine show but Gerardo Martino\u2019s squad is packed with talent from front to back, with Pablo Zabaleta in defence, Javier Mascherano in midfield and Sergio Aguero and Carlos Tevez up front.', u'Uruguay and Colombia are the other sides with an outside shot at the title, although the Uruguayans look a shadow of the team that lifted their record 15th Copa title in Buenos Aires four years ago.', u'With Diego Forlan retired and Luis Suarez still serving a ban for his infamous World Cup bite, they will rely heavily on French-based strikers Edinson Cavani and youngster Diego Rolan.', u'The Colombians will look to Manchester United\u2019s out-of-sorts Radamel Falcao, who missed last year\u2019s World Cup through injury, and Real Madrid\u2019s James Rodriguez, who made such an impact at that tournament, to spearhead their campaign.', u'The Copa features 10 South American teams plus two guest sides from North America and the Caribbean -- this time Mexico and Jamaica. The top two in the three groups qualify for the knockout stages along with the two best third-placed teams.', u'The tournament will be staged in eight Chilean cities, from Temuco in the lush, green south to Antofagasta in the bone-dry Atacama desert. The final will be played in Santiago on July 4.', u'(Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Spain, Costa Rica Draw 1-1 in Near Empty Stadium'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Women's World Cup debutants Spain and Costa Rica labored to a 1-1 draw on Tuesday in a dreary Group E opener played in a near empty Montreal Olympic Stadium.", u'There was little to excite the sparse crowd beyond a two-minute span early in the opening half that produced both goals.', u'Midfielder Vicky Losada opened the scoring in the 13th minute to give Spain the early lead before 37th-ranked Costa Rica replied one minute later.', u'Defender Lixy Rodriguez worked the ball down the field before spotting an unmarked Raquel Rodriguez on the edge of the area for the 21-year-old striker to direct her pass into a gaping net for her 25th goal in 38 international appearances.', u'Spain, 14th-ranked, continued to dominate possession in the second half as they swarmed into the Costa Rican zone and tested goalkeeper Dinnia Diaz but they could not score a winner.', u'The Canadian Soccer Association had announced on Monday that the tournament sold more than one million tickets but apparently few were sold for the Goup E clash with a sparse crowd in the massive stadium built for the 1976 Montreal Olympics.', u'In contrast to the disappointing turnout in Montreal, the World Cup has seen sellouts and large crowds at many of the other venues.', u"A Canadian record crowd for a soccer match of 53,058 filled Edmonton's Commonwealth Stadium for the host's opener on Saturday against China while the United States and Australia played to a full house of over 31,000 in Winnipeg.", u'(Reporting by Steve Keating in Toronto; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"U.S. Women's Soccer Team Finds Fervent Fans in Canada and at Home"], [u"(Reuters) - Chip Shop is a popular spot for Brooklyn soccer fans, but the  restaurant was nevertheless stunned by the crowd that turned out on Monday night to watch the United States women's team make its 2015 World Cup debut against Australia.", u'Owner Chris Sell said the FIFA Women\'s World Cup had "never been that big" in past years. But then he saw his 70-seat British-style pub fill up for the live television broadcast, mostly with cheering women decked out in soccer jerseys.', u'They were rewarded with a 3-1 win for the Americans playing in a stadium in Winnipeg, Canada, in front of more than 31,000 fans.', u'"It brought a whole new genre of people in," said Sell. "Everybody was a little bit shocked."', u"The auspicious start for the U.S. team, ranked second by FIFA behind Germany, could help build support for the American women, much like the men's team experienced reaching the knock-out stages of the World Cup finals in Brazil last year.", u"U.S. teams have won the Women's World Cup twice, in 1991 and 1999, while the men have never reached a final.", u'In addition to having a team with potential to win the championship, the United States benefits this year from a convenient tournament location over the border in Canada, and more exposure in both broadcast and social media.', u"Fox Sports, which will air all 52 Women's World Cup games live, including 16 on the Fox broadcast network, said USA-Australia attracted 3.3 million viewers on Fox Sports 1, more than triple the audience of the U.S. team's opener in 2011.", u'On Twitter, players such as forward Alex Morgan and goalkeeper Hope Solo have more followers than U.S. male counterparts Clint Dempsey and Tim Howard. The team is promoting their quest for the Cup with the hashtag #SheBelieves.', u'There is also a daunting challenge: the United States is in the "Group of Death," with three of the Group D teams ranked in FIFA\'s top 10.', u'Scott Paul, who heads a non-profit organization near Washington, D.C., traveled with his twin 7-year-old boys to Winnipeg for the opening match.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "The atmosphere was electric. It was almost like a U.S. home game," Paul said.', u"'THE PLACE ERUPTS'", u'The American Outlaws, a U.S. supporters group, turned the north grandstand into a swath of red, white and blue with chants of "USA, USA" from the moment the players walked out of the tunnel.', u"The glowing reviews for team and tourney contrast with the doom and gloom around FIFA, world's soccer governing body, which was rocked May 27 by indictments in the United States of nine former and current FIFA officials and five corporate executives on charges of racketeering and corruption.", u'Fans in Winnipeg pushed the scandal aside.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "Being a very deep soccer fan, I think I can overlook the FIFA scandal and just really care about high-quality soccer," said Chelsea Davis, 27, who came from Wisconsin.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Back home, bartenders from New York to Los Angeles said that while female fans were not as rowdy as the men, they are bracing for a raucous atmosphere when the United States meets Sweden on Friday.', u'"The place erupts when they score goals," said Brian Mullin, bartender at the Cock \'n\' Bull British pub in Santa Monica near Los Angeles, where 100 people convened to watch Monday\'s game. Like the crowd at Brooklyn\'s Chip Shop, it was more women than men.', u'One Los Angeles fan, Juan Ponciano, 30, said he plans to skip out early from work to watch games. "We should win the whole thing, we really should," said Ponciano. "The women, they just play really well."', u'(Writing by Mary Milliken in Los Angeles; Editing by Grant McCool and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u"Rodriguez Cedeno's Goal Earns Costa Rica 1-1 Draw With Spain"], [u"Raquel Rodriguez Cedeno's first-half goal gave Costa Rica a 1-1 draw against Spain at Montreal on Tuesday in the Women's World Cup debut for both countries.", u'Rodriguez scored in the 14th minute off a centering pass from Katherine Alvarado, one minute after Vicky Losada put Spain ahead.', u'Spain controlled the possession for much of the second half, with Jennifer Hermoso and Sonia Bermudez narrowly missing chances soon after halftime.', u'Losada had another late opportunity, but Costa Rica goalkeeper Dinnia Diaz saved a shot headed to the top left part of the goal.', u"Costa Rica finished second in last year's CONCACAF Women's Gold Cup, losing to the U.S. 6-0 in the final. It plays South Korea on Saturday, when Spain meets South American champion Brazil."]), ([u'Holdouts: Slum Resists Eviction in Shadow of Olympic Park'], [u"RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  The Olympic Park for the 2016 Games is going up in one of Rio's wealthiest areas, and real estate prices are soaring even as Brazil enters a recession.", u'Smack up against the rising girders, on the far edge of the Olympic venue, sits a "favela" slum called Vila Autodromo. Most of the houses and businesses there have been bulldozed into rubble to make way for the games.', u"A free-standing stairway sits in the open air. The rest of the house is missing. In an abandoned house that's upright, a ragged hole exposes a pastel-painted child's room. The fallout from the wrecking ball scatters pulverized bricks, broken mirrors and fragments of ceramic blue tiles.", u"It's a ghost town, except that 150 families of the original 700 have refused to budge, or take compensation or alternative new housing. Electricity and public services have been periodically cut off, and fights broke out last week when guards entered, firing pepper spray and rubber bullets to start an eviction.", u'The standoff underscores some of the resistance to Olympics-related developments in Rio with its stark divide between rich and poor.', u'"The Olympic Games are two weeks, and when it\'s over that Olympic area is going to be a neighborhood with shopping malls and gated communities," Maria da Penha, a 50-year-old woman who is heading up resistance to evictions, told The Associated Press.', u'"So after the Olympics, why can\'t I continue in my home where I have lived for 23 years?"', u"Penha's nose was broken and her eye was blackened when she was shoved to the ground during last week's attempted eviction. She said she's expecting more violence as the holdouts get more entrenched with the games set to start in 14 months.", u'"I imagine that I will get beaten again," she said Tuesday. "Because I will continue to resist for my rights."', u'A tiny woman, Penha lives just 100 meters (yards) from the Olympics construction. Her house, like many which started as a modest slum dwelling, has grown into a spacious two-floor layout with a patio, fruit trees and a large terrace overlooking the Olympic venue.', u'"I have the hope to be here when the Olympics begin, and I will fight to be here," she said.', u'Theresa Williamson, a Brazilian urban planner and advocate for Rio\'s favela communities, said about 67,000 people in favelas have been evicted in Rio since the city was awarded the Olympics in 2009. She said there were "hardly any" evictions in the 20 years prior.', u'"The Olympics created this opportunity, the pretense for reorganizing the city and using that as a reason for removals," she told The Associated Press. "Ultimately it\'s is a small group of real estate and commercial interests and construction interests that want that land for post-Olympic luxury developments."', u'Much of the sprawling Olympic Park will be transformed afterward into commercial developments. The Athletes Village, two kilometers (1.5 miles) away, has 3,600 apartments that will be sold off as top-end housing. Up the road, the new Olympic golf course is surrounded by 160 luxury apartments starting in the $2 million range.', u'Lawrence Vale, an urban planner at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, has published a study titled "The Displacement Decathlon", which examines how commercial forces in Rio and elsewhere drive mega-events like the Olympics or World Cup.', u'He and co-author Annemarie Gray wrote: "The real losers in the Summer Olympics Games are often the low-income residents who happen to live in the path of new development, whose race begins well before and lasts long after the official competition."', u'Mayor Eduardo Paes, lauded by the International Olympic Committee for organizing the Rio games, has been driving the evictions.', u'In a statement to AP, the city hall said it has awarded 96 million reals ($32 million) in compensation and that many residents have moved to nearby Parque Carioca, a development for families resettled from Vila Autodromo.', u'"The negotiation process conducted between the city hall and the residents of Vila Autodromo has always been transparent," the statement said.', u'Mentioned as a candidate for Rio state governor, Paes has spoken out angrily at being forced to pay rising compensation to get people to move.', u'"At one given moment, a bunch of NGOs, international organizations, political parties and public defenders came in," Paes told Rio\'s O Globo newspaper. "This is the result: people who don\'t need it are getting fortunes to vacate a public area. This is demagoguery."', u"One of Rio's best organized and safest favelas, Vila Autodromo grew out of a fishing village in the 1960s. Many of its residents got lawyers or volunteers to help oppose the city's plans \u2014 which has driven up the cost of eviction. Estimates suggest that some residents running small businesses received as much as 3 million reals ($1 million) with the low-end figure about 100,000 reals ($33,000).", u'Residents argue that they have legal title to their properties, having been granted 99-year leases in 1994 to help guarantee against eviction. They also question why their relatively small parcel is needed for the games.', u'A study by two major Rio universities said Vila Autodromo could have been upgraded with new roads, a medical clinic, a day care center, a new sewer system and other amenities for about 14 million reals ($4.6 million).', u"City authorities have spent about seven times that on removals, suggesting the potential value of Rio's most prized real estate in the western suburb of Barra da Tijuca.", u'Luiz Dos Santos, a 52-year-old man, said he has taken compensation and is leaving.', u'"For us, what is over there doesn\'t mean anything," he said, gesturing toward the Olympic Park. "That\'s for them, not for us."', u'___', u'Associated Press video journalists Renata Brito and Luiz Lopes contributed to this report', u'___']), ([u"Nicklaus Talks Tiger, but Questions Change to What's Wrong"], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  Jack Nicklaus gets asked more about Tiger Woods than he ever did about the golf ball.', u'The only difference is the nature of the question.', u'For the longest time, it used to be, "Do you think Tiger will break your record in the majors?" Now it has become, "What\'s wrong with Tiger?"', u"The answer is the same. Nicklaus really doesn't know.", u'Woods might not, either.', u'Nicklaus was in the broadcast booth at the Memorial on Saturday afternoon watching the highlights \u2014 really, the lowlights \u2014 of Woods posting a career-high 85 on a Muirfield Village course where he has won five times. There was a mixture of sympathy and surprise.', u'"I don\'t have an answer for it, an explanation," Nicklaus said. "I\'m sure that he probably doesn\'t, either. I think he\'ll get it back, though. I still do. I think he\'s just too focused. He\'s too hard a worker and he\'s got such a great work ethic."', u'What did anyone expect Nicklaus to say?', u"It's not much different from all those years when Nicklaus was asked if Woods was going to break his record of 18 majors. Nicklaus kept saying he thought it would happen until one day he posed his own question back to the audience. Could they imagine what kind of headlines Nicklaus would create if he ever said anything else? It was a subtle suggestion to stop asking, not that it worked.", u'What caused the question to go away was Woods.', u'Can anyone remember the last time Nicklaus was asked whether his record in the majors was safe?', u"Woods hasn't won a major in seven years. He hasn't won anything in nearly two years. He has as many rounds in the 80s and the 60s this season. A world ranking of No. 181. Winning a major? Some younger players, unaware of the 10-year exemption for winning a ", u', have been asking how Woods was exempt to Chambers Bay next week.', u'Nicklaus was asked about Woods during the telecast on the weekend. He was asked about him during a radio interview. Most awkward was Sunday morning, when the best players of each college division were honored with the Jack Nicklaus Award. They were sitting on a stage with Nicklaus when he was asked if he could ever relate to what Woods was facing, and the college kids also were asked to weigh in.', u'"I don\'t want to relate to it," Nicklaus said, "and I don\'t think they do, either."', u'Comparisons between Nicklaus and Woods are inevitable because their records are similar, and so Nicklaus was asked about his own little slump when he was the same age as Woods is now.', u'It was in 1979 when Nicklaus went through his first year without a win on the PGA Tour. He was 39. When the majors were over that year, Nicklaus said he might have touched his clubs three times the rest of the year. His short game was so appalling (sound familiar?) that Nicklaus said he putted around bunkers. His swing had become too vertical. So he stepped away.', u'Nicklaus went to longtime swing coach Jack Grout and effectively started over \u2014 the grip, the stance, the posture. Then he went to Phil Rodgers to work on his short game.', u'"It took me four or five months, but I got my game back," Nicklaus said. Indeed, he won two majors the following year at age 40.', u"And that's where the comparisons end.", u'Nicklaus only had one swing coach. Woods is on his fourth.', u'Woods has a vocabulary unfamiliar to Nicklaus. He talks about being "stuck between patterns." He spoke Monday about making "baseline shifts," which sounds more like tennis than the sport Woods dominated for so long.', u'He at least sounds committed to this new swing, though at 39 it would figure to take longer than the other changes. He hit so many balls after his opening two rounds at Memorial that he developed a blister outside his left forefinger.', u"Still, there's no getting around that 85.", u'"It felt a lot higher," Woods said.', u'He talks about being caught between old habits and a new swing. Fine. But he was stuck between old and new when he switched over to Sean Foley in 2010, and his off days were never this bad. Woods ended his third round with a quadruple bogey on the 18th for a 43 on the back nine. He shot 44 on the back nine in 2013, the year he won five times and was PGA Tour player of the year.', u'Strange game. Strange times. No good answers.', u'With 79 victories on the tour, and with 14 majors, and having gone through four swing changes already, Woods deserves a little more time before writing him off.', u'No matter how hard it is to watch.']), ([u"Lightning Wary of Blackhawks' Game Four Prowess"], [u"(Reuters) - After pulling off successive come-from-behind victories to snatch the lead in the Stanley Cup Final, the Tampa Bay Lightning are well aware of the Chicago Blackhawks' knack for being at their best in Game Fours.", u'The Blackhawks, who trail 2-1 in the best-of-seven series after a 3-2 loss at home to Tampa Bay on Monday, have won Game Four in each of the three previous rounds -- against the Nashville Predators, Minnesota Wild and Anaheim Ducks.', u'Game Four in the Stanley Cup Final is set for Chicago on Wednesday.', u'"We\'re going to get their best," Lightning captain Steven Stamkos told reporters on Tuesday. "We have to be prepared for that.', u'"Good teams -- we\'re certainly there -- find ways to win games."', u"This is the Blackhawks' third trip to the Stanley Cup Final in six years, and they won on their previous two visits. In 2013, they battled back to beat the Boston Bruins after falling behind 2-1 in the championship series.", u'"Whether you win a game or lose a game ... the emotions are so high, so low," Blackhawks captain Jonathan Toews said. "You win a game in the first round, you get that feeling you\'re going all the way to the Cup, nothing can stop you.', u'"The next day you lose, all of a sudden the thought crosses your mind, \'Better luck next year.\' You can dig deep and find a way to bounce back after tough games when the feeling isn\'t so good.', u'"You realize you don\'t have to waste any of that emotional or mental energy off the ice in between games. You shut it off and make sure you\'re ready for the next one."', u'The Blackhawks have gone a clutch 40-14 in Games Four through Seven under head coach Joel Quenneville in the past seven playoffs, compared to a 30-30 record in Games One through Three.', u'The Lightning, however, have an outstanding 8-3 road record in this playoff run, which is just two wins shy of the league record set by the Los Angeles Kings in 2012.', u'"We don\'t want to get too high or get too low," veteran Lightning forward Brenden Morrow said. "We\'re a long ways away yet. That locker room over there, there\'s no panic in their game right now.', u'"We got to keep plugging away here. We came here to get a win. Last night we got one. We got to get greedy and get another one."', u'(Reporting by Tim Wharnsby; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Morgan Surprised as New-Look England Catch Fire'], [u"BIRMINGHAM, England \u2014  England captain Eoin Morgan was as surprised as anyone by his team's record 210-run victory over New Zealand in the first one-day international on Tuesday as a new-look side cut loose at Edgbaston.", u"England's highest ever ODI total set up their biggest margin of victory by runs in the 50-over format of the game to banish memories of this year's dismal World Cup campaign.", u'Jos Buttler and Joe Root thrashed brilliant centuries and Adil Rashid, who hit 69 to help England amass 408 for nine, took four wickets as New Zealand were bowled out for 198.', u'"It was certainly a different performance to the World Cup," Morgan told Sky Sports. "For us to come out of the traps like that is outstanding.', u'"I\'m as surprised as anybody given we have two or three new faces in the team, but they held themselves brilliantly and the senior players were outstanding. The key is consistency for us.', u'"The guys executed really well today. You can look back and say what you want about the World Cup, but I\'m looking forward.', u'"There\'s about 90 games until the next World Cup and we need to get some games into this team and the more we can win that carries some weight."', u'England hit 14 sixes, beating their previous best of 12 against South Africa in 2009, with man-of-the-match Jos Buttler striking five on his way to a brilliant 129 off 77 balls.', u"Buttler, batting at six, gave a lot of the credit to Root, whose 104 from 78 deliveries led England's recovery from a poor start.", u'"The way we started the innings gave us plenty of time. Credit to Joe Root on the way he played. It gave everyone confidence to follow his lead," Buttler said.', u'There was little New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum could do but admit his side had been comprehensively outclassed on the day.', u'"It was a special performance from Root and Buttler," he said.', u'"To post 400 in any game is outstanding. They blew us off the park."', u'(Reporting by Toby Davis; editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Park Gunning for LPGA Triple and World Number One'], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  Park In-bee of South Korea has won the last two LPGA Championship titles and is gunning for a rare triple in the new incarnation of the women's major, the KPMG Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club.", u'"The PGA of America and the LPGA collaborating on this tournament together and making a great tournament is something different and something unique," Park told reporters on Tuesday.', u'"Everything is really new and everything is very fresh and very exciting. So I\'m really excited to see what this tournament is going to end up being. I\'m sure it\'s going to be a great one, and hopefully I\'ll be the one holding the trophy."', u"Only Sweden's Annika Sorenstam has registered three wins in a row in the 60-year history of the event, achieving the feat with her victory in 2005.", u"It is the first women's championship staged by the PGA of America, which organizes the PGA Championship men's major, the Senior PGA and the Ryder Cup among its competitions.", u'For the LPGA, the partnership increased the prize money to $3.5 million at a high-profile venue in the New York metropolitan area, and has infused excitement among the 156 players contesting the second major of the season.', u'The hilly Westchester layout with its sloping greens was a fixture on the PGA Tour for some 40 years.', u'"You can\'t hope to be on a better golf course than this," said two-times major winner Cristie Kerr. "It is such a scenic, beautiful, tough-as-nails golf course."', u'Kerr said players were excited to be playing the classic, tree-lined, 6,670-yard course playing at a par of 73.', u'"Even being in the players dining, you look up and Seve\'s (Ballesteros) picture is on the wall, Hale Irwin, all the greats, and then at the end there will be one female with the trophy up there, so that\'s really cool," Kerr said.', u'"That\'s ground-breaking. It\'s just a cool week like that."', u'STERN TEST', u'Starting on Thursday, it also figures to be a stern test.', u'"This golf course is probably a bit of everything," said Park, who has two wins and seven top-10s in 2015. "You have to be accurate off the tee. You have to be accurate with the irons, and you have to putt really well. It has very slopey greens."', u'Long-hitting American Lexi Thompson was eager to break out her driver on a layout set up with five par-five holes.', u'"It\'s a great golf course and is in amazing shape. Rough is deep and it is a difficult track," said 20-year-old Thompson, who won the Ana Inspiration last year for her first major.', u'"I\'m definitely going to be bombing driver out there."', u'Added Kerr: "You just can\'t fall asleep on any shot out there.', u'"You have to be in control of how you\'re hitting it, where you\'re hitting it, how you position it into the greens. You have to use every shot in the bag."', u'Park can recapture her number one ranking from 18-year-old Lydia Ko of New Zealand with a victory this week.', u'"That would be a nice gift," said Park.', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Radwanska Through in Nottingham, 2 More Seeded Players Fall'], [u'NOTTINGHAM, England \u2014  Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska dropped just three games in advancing to the second round of the grass-court Nottingham Open, while two seeds were eliminated from the Wimbledon warm-up event on Tuesday.', u'The 13th-ranked Radwanska from Poland beat Alla Kudryavtseva of Russia 6-0, 6-3 in her first match since losing in the first round of the ', u'.', u'Second-seeded Zarina Diyas also progressed, beating 2010 French Open champion Francesca Schiavone 7-6 (5), 7-6 (6).', u"Third-seeded Varvara Lepchenko of the United States was defeated 4-6, 6-3, 6-1 by Monica Niculescu of Romania, and seventh-seeded Magdalena Rybarikova lost 6-3, 6-3 to Britain's Johanna Konta.", u'Olga Govortsova, Monica Puig, Christina McHale, Sachia Vickery, Magda Linette and Casey Dellacqua were other first-round winners.']), ([u'Soriano Agrees to Minor League Deal With Cubs'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Free-agent reliever Rafael Soriano has agreed to a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs and would get s $4.1 million, one-year deal if added to the major league roster.', u'A 35-year-old right-hander, Soriano has 207 saves and a 2.85 ERA in 585 major league appearances. His deal, which includes $4 million in performance bonuses, was announced on Tuesday.', u'The contract could lead to a reunion for Soriano and Joe Maddon, who was the manager in Tampa Bay when the right-hander had 45 saves for the Rays in 2010. Soriano has three seasons with at least 40 saves.', u'"I need to talk to him, and he\'ll pitch in front of some of our guys in the Dominican while we finish the paperwork," Maddon said before Tuesday\'s game with the Tigers. "After that, we\'ll decide where we need to send him."', u'The Cubs began the day with a 3.68 bullpen ERA, good for 20th among the 30 major league teams. Closer Hector Rondon is 3-0 with 10 saves and a 2.96 ERA in 25 games.', u'Soriano played for Washington last season and went 4-1 with 32 saves and a 3.19 ERA.']), ([u'American Medical Association Adopts Youth Sports Concussion Policy'], [u'(Reuters) - The American Medical Association, responding to rising concern about concussions in youth sports like soccer and football, on Tuesday adopted policies intended to lower the risk of these brain injuries and called for prompt diagnosis and medical care.', u"The influential doctors' group recommended that young athletes suspected of having a concussion be removed immediately from a game and permitted to return only with a doctor's written approval.", u'There has been increasing concern about concussions in sports, from the professional ranks down to youth leagues.', u'Concussions are a traumatic brain injury typically caused by a blow to the head, sometimes but not always causing a loss of consciousness. They can cause headaches, dizziness, concentration, memory, balance and coordination problems, nausea, blurry vision and other symptoms.', u'"It is essential that athletes know how crucial it is to notify their coach, trainer, physician or parent if they\u2019ve sustained any type of head injury because even mild cases of traumatic brain injury may have serious and prolonged consequences," said AMA board member Dr. Jack Resneck Jr.', u'Up to 3.8 million sports- and recreation-related traumatic brain injuries, including concussions and other ', u', occur annually in the United States, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.', u'"By raising awareness of the serious risks associated with concussions and ensuring that the appropriate guidelines are in place, we can reduce the number of young athletes who may return to the game too soon, which can put their health at further risk," Resneck said in a statement.', u'Fifty-nine percent of middle-school girl soccer players reported playing with concussion symptoms, with less than half assessed by a doctor or other qualified health professional, the AMA said, citing a recent study.', u'A study of high school athletes found that 15 percent of those with concussions returned to play too soon, and nearly 16 percent of football players who suffered a concussion that resulted in loss of consciousness returned to the field in less than a day, the AMA said.', u'The National Football League recently settled a lawsuit brought by about 5,000 former players who accused the league of covering up the dangers of concussions. Payments from the settlement, which could cost the NFL $1 billion, could be delayed while an appeal is heard.', u'(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg in Washington; Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'France Beat England 1-0 in World Cup Opener'], [u"(Reuters) - Speedy forward Eugenie Le Sommer struck with a superb long-range goal in the first half to set up a 1-0 victory for France over England in their Group F Women's World Cup opener in Moncton on Tuesday.", u"Le Sommer, the French League's top player, took advantage of a defensive mix-up by Katie Chapman and Laura Bassett and fired in a thunderous shot from the edge of the area in the 29th minute.", u'England struggled to create chances in wet and windy conditions while Les Bleues, who finished fourth at both the 2011 World Cup and 2012 London Olympics, posed a continual threat with Le Sommer leading the way.', u"England's best scoring opportunity came late in the first half when France goalkeeper Sarah Bouhaddi misjudged a cross by Alex Scott but midfielder Chapman's attempted lob sailed wide.", u'France, ranked third in the world, will next play Columbia while sixth-ranked England take on Mexico in Moncton on Saturday.', u'(Reporting by Tim Wharnsby; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'New Ball Gets Good Reviews, but Will It Fly at Big CWS Park'], [u'OMAHA, Neb. \u2014  The home run is back in college baseball, thanks to the new flat-seam ball put into play this year. Everyone now wants to see if the trend carries over to the College World Series in its cavernous stadium.', u'"Justifiably, all eyes will be on Omaha to see how the ball performs there. I know ours will be," said Damani Leech, the NCAA director of championships and alliances.', u'Traditionally, the threat of the big inning has been part of the appeal of college baseball. But in the four years the CWS has been played at TD Ameritrade Park, only 25 home runs have been hit in 59 games. Just three were hit in each of the last two years.', u'That could change when the CWS begins Saturday. The less wind-resistant flat-seam ball boosted scoring and home runs across the country all season, and 135 home runs were hit in regionals and super regionals compared with 87 homers for the entire tournament in 2014.', u"Yet to be seen is how much more offense is possible at TD Ameritrade Park, which is the home of Creighton University and has been site for three conference tournaments in addition to the CWS. A total of 79 balls have been hit out \u2014 there's been one inside-the-park homer \u2014 in the 204 games since the stadium opened in April 2011.", u"That's a rate of 0.19 home runs per team per game.", u'While the national home-run rate has risen from 0.39 to 0.55 this year, it held at 0.18 in the 31 games played at TD Ameritrade, though primary tenant Creighton is not built to hit for power.', u"The CWS will feature NCAA home run leaders in Arkansas' Andrew Benintendi and Miami's David Thompson, who have 19 apiece, and four other players who have hit 15 or more.", u'"If we don\'t have more home runs, a better percentage at the College World Series, it\'s not going to be the ball," American Baseball Coaches Association executive director Craig Keilitz said. "It\'s going to be the wind, which you can\'t do anything about, or the fence."', u'Keilitz added, "We have to protect what fans want to see. I don\'t think anyone wants to see the crazy scores. But a lot of great moments in baseball revolved around home runs. I don\'t want a ballpark to change a game. If a 3-hole hitter is a home-run hitter, and he squares it up and it doesn\'t go out, in my opinion that changed a little bit of the game."', u"Tim Corbin, coach of defending national champion Vanderbilt, said he would be extremely surprised if there aren't a lot more than three home runs this year.", u'"I think the ball\'s been the best adjustment college baseball\'s made in quite some time," he said. "I think this ball is a true indicator of offense in college baseball."', u'The TD Ameritrade fences are 335 feet from the plate down the lines, 375 in the power alleys and 408 to center field. Those are identical to the dimensions at the old Rosenblatt Stadium, where there were an average of 33 home runs over the last 10 years the CWS was played there.', u"But Rosenblatt sat atop a hill and the field orientation made it so the wind typically blew out. TD Ameritrade Park sits low, and the prevailing summer winds blow in from the south. Another factor is that TD Ameritrade opened the same year the NCAA's new bat standards went into effect. Bats simply aren't as lively as the ones that produced so many homers at Rosenblatt.", u'Minutes after his team lost 3-2 to Virginia in a 15-inning CWS game last year, TCU coach Jim Schlossnagle blasted the combination of the toned-down bats and the big ballpark. "It\'s a travesty what we\'ve done to college baseball," he said.', u'In an interview last week, Schlossnagle said he has high hopes for the new ball at TD Ameritrade.', u'"I think the biggest thing the ball has done, other than the home runs, is push the outfielders back," he said. "It will do that in Omaha, too, so at least you can score from second base on a normal single to the outfield, which you couldn\'t do last year."', u"And if the homers don't come?", u'Leech said reconfiguring the stadium would be a major undertaking and cost into the millions of dollars. If a change were required, Leech said, the fence could be moved in, home plate could be moved out, or a combination of the two could happen.', u'Leech said officials would analyze offensive numbers from the CWS this year and in 2016 before deciding what, if anything, might need to be done. He said he doubted additional changes would be made to the ball or bat based on the 15 to 17 games at the CWS each year, especially given the increase in offense seen in the thousands of games played with it so far.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Stephen Hawkins in Fort Worth, Texas, and AP Writer David Mercer in Champaign, Illinois, contributed.']), ([u"Appeals Panel Overturns NASCAR Penalty on Johnson's Team"], [u"CONCORD, N.C. \u2014  An appeals committee has overturned the penalty levied against Jimmie Johnson's team for receiving two consecutive written warnings.", u'The P1 penalty of last choice in pit selection for the next race was removed by the three-person panel that heard the Hendrick Motorsports appeal Tuesday.', u'The No. 48 team was warned at the All-Star Race for illegal modifications to the side skirt, and at the Coca-Cola 600 for needing too many attempts to pass prequalifying inspection.', u'The appeals ruled there was a "preponderance of evidence presented that the side skirt violation . did occur." But it found there was "conflicting evidence" about the inspection violation.', u"Johnson's team has received at least four warnings this season, and failed prerace inspection three times Sunday at Pocono Raceway."]), ([u'Blashill Takes Over as Red Wings Coach'], [u"(Reuters) - The Detroit Red Wings appointed Jeff Blashill as the club's head coach on Tuesday to replace Mike Babcock, as had been widely expected.", u"Babcock departed last month after 10 seasons in Detroit to become the head coach of the Maple Leafs, lured to Toronto on an eight-year contract worth $50 million that made him the National Hockey League's highest-paid coach.", u'Blashill, 41, agreed to a four-year contract with Detroit where he becomes the second youngest coach in the NHL behind John Hynes, 40, who was hired by the New Jersey Devils last week.', u'The Red Wings have made the playoffs for 24 seasons in a row, the longest current streak among professional teams in North American sport. They were eliminated in seven games by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first round this season.', u'"The pressure for me, it\'s a year-to-year thing," Blashill told reporters when asked about the streak. "The pressure that you put on yourself as an organization is bigger than you can face on the outside.', u'"We don\'t worry on what will happen if you don\'t do it. We focus on what it will take to do it."', u'Blashill was an assistant under Babcock in Detroit in 2011-12 before he agreed to coach the Red Wings AHL affiliate, the Grand Rapids Griffins.', u'In three seasons with Grand Rapids, Blashill guided the team into the playoffs and won the 2012-13 Calder Cup championship.', u"Several players on Detroit's current roster, including Gustav Nyquist and Tomas Tatar, played under Blashill in Grand Rapids.", u'(Reporting by Tim Wharnsby; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Perry Ends Career as a Slow Learner; Amateurs in US Open'], [u"DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  One more putt would have given Kenny Perry two extra days on the PGA Tour, though it wouldn't have changed a thing.", u'He wanted the Memorial to be his final PGA Tour event, and whether that ended on Friday or Sunday was irrelevant.', u'The Memorial was the first of his 14 career victories in 1991, and it proved that he belonged among the best players. Even so, he never imagined playing nearly 30 years without ever losing his card until he was on the Champions Tour.', u'He had two close calls in the majors. He won a Ryder Cup in his home state of Kentucky. And he ended his PGA Tour career at age 54 with just over $32 million in earnings.', u"The money is worth mentioning because Perry didn't have the $5,000 to pay for Q-school.", u"He was 26, married with two children, and already had failed Q-school twice. That's when Ronnie Ferguson, an elder at his church, agreed to pay his entry fee on one condition. If he failed, there was no need for Perry to repay him. If he made it, he asked Perry to give back 5 percent of his earnings. Perry set up a scholarship fund at Lipscomb University in Nashville, Tennessee, where Ferguson once played college golf.", u'"I always told my dad if I could win just one time, I\'ve made it," Perry said. "To be able to survive 30 years out here competitively and not lose my card, I\'m very proud of that. I\'m a slow learner. I had some great moments really late in my career."', u'He won 11 times in his 40s, and in the year before he turned 50, he finished at No. 5 on the money list.', u'Of all the highlights, one that stood out came in his rookie season in 1987. In the Panasonic Las Vegas Invitational, his seventh event of the season, he hit a 4-iron to a foot on the final hole for a tap-in eagle.', u'"I remember Lee Trevino was announcing at the time, and that gave me enough money to solidify my card my rookie year," Perry said. "It was a lot of money for me. That one shot I\'ll never forget. I still feel it to this day. Magical shot, you know?"', u'Las Vegas had more prize money than all four majors and was only topped by a new tournament on the schedule now called the Tour Championship. That eagle gave Perry a tie for fourth and he earned $55,000, which was just over half his money for the year. He wound up with $107,239 to finish 93rd on the money list.', u"Perry, meanwhile, never put his name on the scholarship fund. It's still known as the Simpson County (Ky.) Scholarship Fund. And it's still growing. Perry already has won over $6 million since joining the Champions Tour.", u'___', u'MILLER TIME: Johnny Miller will be at the ', u" for a 21st consecutive year. You just won't hear him, and probably won't see him.", u'Miller said he would be at Chambers Bay on Saturday and Sunday as part of a corporate function with Lexus.', u'"It\'s going to be weird being there and not working, I can tell you that," Miller said Monday from Omaha, Nebraska, where he was doing a Lexus outing to raise money for a Catholic high school. "It is what it is. I can say for me to cover a U.S. Open at Chambers Bay would have been a little different, anyway."', u"During the 20 years that NBC Sports televised the U.S. Open, Miller had played majors at most of the venues (he didn't play Bethpage Black of Congressional, to name a few exceptions). Chambers Bay only opened eight years ago.", u'"Maybe it will be a good championship," Miller said.', u'___', u'OPEN TIDBITS: Maybe this U.S. Open could be called amateur hour.', u'After the final stage of qualifying on Monday, 17 amateurs are part of the field at Chambers Bay. Three were previously exempt through amateur criteria, and 14 made it through qualifying. The USGA said it was the highest number of amateurs since 1981.', u'Meanwhile, nine players made it to the U.S. Open by qualifying for the second straight year \u2014 four from the qualifier in England, four from the United States and Liang Wenchong in the Asia qualifier.', u"There's still a chance for players in the FedEx St. Jude Classic to move (or stay) in the top 60 in the world and get to Chambers Bay. Andy Sullivan of England is No. 56 and Kevin Kisner is at No. 57. Neither are playing this week. Kisner tweaked his back on his first shot he took on the range Thursday at the Memorial, though he said it felt better by Sunday. He withdrew from the qualifier and said if he falls out of the top 60, he probably could use a week off, anyway.", u'Steven Bowditch (No. 64) and Harris English (No. 68) also are playing the St. Jude Classic.', u'___', u'JACK & JOHNNY: Johnny Miller has been selected to be honored next year at the Memorial. Tournament host Jack Nicklaus also said that two-time Masters champion Horton Smith and two-time PGA champion Leo Diegel would be honored posthumously.', u'Miller, known in this generation for his blunt talk in the NBC Sports tower, is a two-time major champion and a fierce rival to Nicklaus in the 1970s. They spend more time fishing these days than playing golf.', u'"Johnny was very thrilled," Nicklaus said. "He says, \'You\'ve got to be kidding.\' I said, \'If you hadn\'t caught that fish when we were together, we probably wouldn\'t have done it.\' In case you don\'t understand that, I take Johnny fishing occasionally."', u'Miller, 68, attributed it to age.', u'"They\'ve run out of the good players," he said with a laugh. "Now they\'re down to Johnny Miller."', u'___', u'RODGERS & OUT: Patrick Rodgers had more margin for error than he realized at the time, but his finish was no less impressive. Leaking oil on the back nine at the Memorial, and needing only nine FedEx Cup points for special temporary membership on the PGA Tour, he birdied the last two holes to make it easily.', u'Rodgers, from the same high school class that produced Jordan Spieth and Justin Thomas (he and Thomas are roommates in Florida), was already set for his PGA Tour card next year. He still is No. 6 on the Web.com Tour money list, and the top 25 are assured cards. But anything can happen in Q-school, as Kevin Tway found out a few years ago when he plunged down the priority list.', u'Getting his temporary membership at Memorial was big.', u'Not only does Rodgers get unlimited exemptions \u2014 he is in the St. Jude Classic this week and the Travelers the week after the U.S. Open \u2014 he can secure a card by finishing the equivalent of 125th or higher in either the FedEx Cup or the money list. That would give him priority over the Web.com Tour graduates, and he could bank on full status for the entire season.', u'___', u'DIVOTS: Morgan Pressel and Suzann Pettersen round out the 20-player field for the CVS Charity Classic on June 29-30. The event hosted by Brad Faxon and Billy Andrade has raised more than $18 million for New England charities. ... Ridgewood Country Club, part of the rotation that hosts The Barclays during the FedEx Cup playoffs, will host the U.S. Girls Junior in 2016. ... Sunday was a big week for Idaho. Boise natives Tyler Aldridge won on the Web.com Tour and Madeleine Sheils on the Symetra Tour.', u'___', u'STAT OF THE WEEK: Only twice in the past 10 years has a player won a PGA Tour event without making a birdie in the final round. Both happened at the St. Jude Classic (Justin Leonard in 2005, Ben Crane in 2014).', u'___', u'FINAL WORD: "I look at it this way. It\'s about getting reps. I got a lot of reps this weekend." \u2014 Tiger Woods, on his 85-74 weekend at the Memorial to finish in last place for the first time in his career.']), ([u'Blackhawks Draw on History, Experience in Stanley Cup Final'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Jonathan Toews remembers his first postseason series in 2009, and the emotions that went along with each game. These days, the playoffs are a much different experience for the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks.', u'There was no panic for Toews and company on Tuesday, a day after a 3-2 loss to steady Tampa Bay shoved Chicago into a 2-1 deficit in the Stanley Cup Final. No outward display of frustration.', u'Trying for their third NHL title in six seasons, the Blackhawks expected a fight \u2014 and the skilled Lightning are delivering just that on every level.', u'"If you don\'t want that challenge, if you don\'t want that spotlight almost, then you shouldn\'t be here," Toews said. "I think we all work for that. We want to play those important games."', u'One of those important games is coming up on Wednesday night. The Lightning have clamped down on Toews and Patrick Kane, limiting the high-scoring duo to a single point in the series, and can grab control of the final with their fifth straight road win in Game 4.', u'"This is going to be a good test for this group," Tampa Bay captain Steven Stamkos said. "Obviously they have the experience. But we\'re going through it. Like I said a couple minutes ago, you have to go through these situations to gain that experience. We seem to rise to the occasion every round."', u'The Lightning jumped out to a 3-0 lead in the second round against Montreal, and then dropped two in a row before eliminating the Canadiens with a 4-1 win in Game 6. They headed home with a 3-2 lead in the Eastern Conference finals against the New York Rangers, and then had to return to Madison Square Garden for a 2-0 victory in Game 7.', u"Tampa Bay's experience playing with the lead in its previous two playoff series could help in the final against Chicago.", u'"I truly believe we\'ve grown as a team through some of our struggles," coach Jon Cooper said. "You just think of last night\'s game. We\'re in a pretty hostile environment. It\'s a 1-1 game. We go down in the third. There was no hang the head. It was, \'OK, now we got to dig the heels in and go get this one.\'"', u'The Lightning replied 13 seconds after the Blackhawks grabbed a 2-1 lead, with Ondrej Palat stuffing home a rebound for the tying goal. Cedric Paquette then scored with 3:11 remaining to put Tampa Bay in front for good.', u"Palat's goal continued a disturbing trend for the Blackhawks, who have allowed 10 goals within two minutes after they scored in the playoffs, including five inside of a minute, according to STATS.", u'"We got to be better in situations like that," defenseman Brent Seabrook said. "It\'s happened a few times throughout the playoffs."', u"The Blackhawks were hampered by an upper-body injury for Johnny Oduya, who missed the last part of the second period and played five minutes in the third. Any issue for Chicago's top four defensemen could have a major impact on the series, but coach Joel Quenneville said he thinks Oduya will be OK.", u'"He looked all right today," he said. "We\'ll see how he is tomorrow."', u"The same could be said of Quenneville's team, which is used to coming up with clutch postseason goals, not digging them out of its own net.", u'Since Quenneville took over in October 2008, the Blackhawks are 30-30 in Games 1-3 of playoff series. But they have a 40-14 record in Games 4-7, according to STATS.', u'"Well, we got a great core of leaders," Quenneville said when asked about the team\'s success late in playoff series. "They\'re competitive as heck. They find a way to get better each and every game. They make guys around them better."', u'They also have a history of rebounding from playoff disappointment.', u"Chicago dropped two of the first three games in the 2013 final against Boston and came back to win the series 4-2. It trailed 3-2 in this year's Western Conference finals after Anaheim's 5-4 overtime win in Game 5, and then outscored the Ducks 10-5 in the next two games.", u'"I don\'t think there\'s one thing you can put a finger on," Seabrook said. "I think, you know, the guys in the room, we want to be out there and win. We want to be out there in those situations and play in big games.  For whatever reason, I think we play our best games when our backs are up against the wall."', u'___']), ([u'Biggest Surprise of Formula One Season? McLaren\u2019s Struggles'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014 The Canadian Grand Prix was the end of the first third of the ', u' season, and the teams have now raced on every style of circuit they will face this year, from the slow streets of Monaco to the high-speed power circuits of Montreal and the all-around track of Barcelona.', u'And the verdict on which car is the most versatile is clear: Mercedes has once again won the technology sweepstakes, grabbing all victories except for the Malaysian Grand Prix in March, when Ferrari won with Sebastian Vettel in the cockpit.', u'On Sunday at the Canadian Grand Prix, the two Mercedes drivers finished first and second for the fourth time this year, with Lewis Hamilton winning his fourth race of the season. His teammate, Nico Rosberg, finished second for the third time this year; he has finished either first or third in all the other races.', u'Sunday was the seventh of the 19-race season. The biggest surprise, and even embarrassment, so far is what is happening at the McLaren Honda team. McLaren is the second-most successful team in the history of Formula One, behind Ferrari. After two decades of a partnership with Mercedes, McLaren returned this year to the Honda engine that powered its glory years in the late 1980s.', u'Interested in developing the new hybrid engine of the series, Honda returned to Formula One this year after half a decade away, and few doubted that one of the most successful engine manufacturers in the series would eventually produce a winner.', u'But the engine has been plagued with problems at every race this year. The McLaren has been one of the slowest and most unreliable cars, and only Jenson Button has scored points for the team \u2014 at one race.', u'Button finished eighth, grabbing four points at the Monaco Grand Prix on the series\u2019 slowest track. In Montreal, once again, the two McLarens failed even to finish.', u'\u201cI guess it\u2019s easy for people to look at today\u2019s result and say we\u2019re having a bad season, but that\u2019s not actually the case,\u201d Button said on Sunday, continuing the positive spin the team has exercised since the beginning of the season. \u201cWe\u2019ve made very big improvements since the first race, in fact. You do have difficult days, and today was undoubtedly one of those, but that\u2019s always the way of it when you begin a new project and you\u2019re starting from zero.\u201d', u'The McLaren story is closely linked to one of the other surprises of the year: the sudden return of Ferrari as a contender \u2014 or, at least, as the second-best team.', u'Fernando Alonso left Ferrari to join McLaren this year. He had raced for the Italian team since 2010 as he tried to win a third season title, but he finished second a frustrating three times.', u'After a vast management shakeup at Ferrari last year \u2014 which included firing the top director twice, as well as the president \u2014 the team greatly improved its hybrid engine and the chassis in the off-season. It hired Sebastian Vettel from Red Bull to replace Alonso, and Vettel won Ferrari\u2019s first race in more than a year in Malaysia.', u'Alonso, who has no points this season with McLaren, has continued to say that he does not regret his choice to leave Ferrari despite his success there, as the Italian team still has to prove it can dominate as it used to when it last won the drivers\u2019 title in 2007.', u'In Canada, Ferrari once again ran into technical problems with Vettel\u2019s car. He started at the back of the grid in 18th and had to spend the whole race climbing up the pack, eventually finishing fifth, one spot behind his teammate, Kimi Raikkonen, who started third.', u'Alonso is not the only driver facing severe challenges this year.', u'The Venezuelan driver Pastor Maldonado has seen success in the past, winning the Spanish Grand Prix in 2012 when he was with the Williams team. It was Williams\u2019s last victory, although the team is showing renewed strength since last year.', u'Maldonado moved to the Lotus team last year, taking with him \u2014 as he has to all of his teams \u2014 a large budget from a Venezuelan company that sponsors him. He is often considered to be a \u201cpay driver,\u201d someone hired primarily because of the money he can bring to a team, and that is not always viewed as a good thing. After he won in Spain in 2012, that negative connotation was reduced for a while. But little by little, Maldonado has renewed that stigma and also built up a new reputation: As a pay driver who costs his team more in repairs from accidents than he brings in from sponsorships.', u'Heading into Montreal, Maldonado held the worst finishing record this season, completing just one of the previous six races. And in the one he finished, in Bahrain, he ended up in 15th place.', u'But it was what happened throughout the six race weekends that forged his new reputation: Maldonado was involved in accident after accident in session after session, be it practice, qualifying or the race. It has even prompted a mock web page, ', u'.', u'Finally, in Montreal, on a circuit that requires engine power above all, Maldonado drove a nearly perfect race in his Mercedes-powered Lotus and finished seventh, scoring his first points of the season.', u'\u201cIt was a happy day for us; Pastor scored his first points of the season after driving a strong and measured race,\u201d said Federico Gastaldi, the deputy team director of the Lotus team. \u201cThis should be a turning point for his season, and we thank all his supporters in Venezuela and PDVSA,\u201d the Venezuelan state-owned oil company that is Maldonado\u2019s sponsor.', u'No doubt the most valiant team and drivers are the ones that have been spoken about the least: the Manor team, which emerged from bankruptcy over the winter. The team has taken part in all of the races so far \u2014 although it managed only to show up in Australia and not to race \u2014 despite reviving just weeks before the season started.', u'Its drivers, Will Stevens and Roberto Merhi, finished every race they took part in until Sunday, when Merhi\u2019s car sustained a broken drive shaft, knocking him out. Still, neither Manor driver has scored a point this year, and the team continues to struggle to get beyond the last spots in every race.', u'But few would have predicted at the start of the season that it would be racing against McLaren to stay out of last place in the constructors standings \u2014 or that it would have finished more races than McLaren, too.']), ([u'Pressure Grows at U.N. Climate Talks for Clearer Deal Outline'], [u'BONN, Germany (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Negotiators at U.N. climate talks in Bonn are under growing pressure to speed their efforts to slim down the draft text for a new global climate deal due in Paris in December, so that ministers can start working on it this summer.', u'Ten days of discussions on the 90-page draft document are due to conclude on Thursday, amid expectations they will produce a shorter working version that retains all the options now on the table.', u'"Everyone is concerned that (the process) needs to be quicker," Jennifer Morgan, director of the Global Climate Programme at the World Resources Institute (WRI), told reporters.', u'"There is just an imperative that by Thursday they have a text that ministers can engage on this summer ... that has clear options," she said.', u'Jonathan Grant, director for ', u' and carbon markets with consultancy PwC, said the climate negotiations felt "a world away" from the Group of Seven summit in Bavaria, where G7 leaders agreed on Monday to abandon fossil fuels by the end of the century and backed a 2050 goal to cut emissions.', u'Divisions persisted at the U.N. climate talks between rich, poor and emerging economies, while the discussions were bogged down in line-by-line reviews of the negotiating text, he added.', u'"Everyone is operating under the pretence that editing and streamlining for long enough will actually produce a coherent and short text with clearly defined alternatives for ministers to review," he said.', u'The focus on shaping the wording meant few real negotiations were likely to happen this week in Bonn, experts said.', u'Political decision-making is due to pick up pace over the summer, with ministerial meetings organized by the French government in late July and early September among other opportunities.', u'TREATY AT CORE?', u'Meanwhile legal experts and negotiators swapped views in Bonn on how a final deal could shape up in Paris, with many arguing that a legally binding treaty under international law should form the core of the agreement.', u'Jacob Werksman, principal advisor on climate action to the European Commission, said the EU wanted a treaty because it "represents the highest form of political will the international system provides".', u'A treaty would drive national action - including legislation - to meet targets to reduce emissions, and would be more resilient to changes of government, he said.', u'It would also likely have mechanisms for transparency and compliance that ensure countries follow through on their commitments, Werksman added.', u'But a treaty could also have non-binding elements within it, and that could help some countries adopt it and provide flexibility to adjust commitments according to evolving scientific and technological conditions, he said.', u'Dan Bodansky, a professor of law at Arizona State University, said it may be possible for the United States government to adopt a new international treaty without gaining the approval of the Senate or Congress - a potential problem that has been widely seen as a barrier to a legally binding agreement.', u'Political decisions that need to be taken by the nearly 200 governments involved in the U.N. negotiations include the criteria for any new climate treaty to enter into force, as well as how plans from both rich and poor nations to cut emissions and adapt to climate change should be linked with it, he added.', u'"Hopefully political decisions (in Paris) won\'t come so late that there isn\'t time to consider the legal ramifications," Bodansky said.', u'ACT 2015, an alliance of 10 thinktanks and universities from around the world, proposed at the Bonn talks that any deal in Paris should be built around a target to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to net zero as early as possible in the second half of this century.', u'The agreement - which would take effect from 2020 - should also include a goal to support long-term adaptation to climate impacts, to help build the resilience of vulnerable communities, the coalition said.', u"Highly controversial issues such as boosting financial assistance for developing countries beyond 2020 - the deadline for a promise by rich nations to raise $100 billion a year - could be contained in a separate political declaration, said WRI's Morgan.", u'"For developed countries, it is very difficult to have numbers (on finance) in this agreement," she said.', u"(Reporting by Megan Rowling; editing by Laurie Goering; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, climate change, women's rights, trafficking and corruption. Visit ", u')']), ([u"Wie Challenged by Westchester's Hills at Women's Major"], [u"RYE, New York \u2014  Michelle Wie said the Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club this week has a special buzz to it and hopes her troublesome hip will not slow her down at the second major of the season.", u"U.S. Women's Open champion Wie is among 23 major winners in the field for the tournament starting on Thursday, which has been rebranded in a partnership between the LPGA and the PGA of America after 60 years billed as the LPGA Championship.", u'"It\'s not a new tournament but definitely has a new vibe to it, so it\'s a lot of fun," Wie told reporters on Tuesday.', u'Wie hopes the fun lasts for her, though that may depend on whether the bursitis in her hip calms down enough to allow her to unleash her long, flowing swing on the hilly 6,670-yard layout.', u"The 25-year-old Wie withdrew from the tour's Kingsmill event last month because of her hip after an opening 78, and missed the cut two weeks ago at New Jersey's ShopRite LPGA Classic.", u"Wie was enthused about the prospects of playing on a classic course that has hosted more than 40 PGA Tour events as a regular stop on the men's tour over the years, but wary of the hills.", u'"I think it\'s huge to go to big venues. Obviously they\'ve played PGA Tour events, Senior PGA Tour events at this golf course. The venue is great, has a lot of history," she said.', u'Wie, who slid from number six in the rankings to 13th as she battled various injuries since her Open triumph, said she took last week off for rest and treatment.', u'"Took a nice week at home," said Wie, a teenaged prodigy who broke through for her first major title last year at the U.S. Women\'s Open at Pinehurst.', u'"I did everything I could to get ready for this week. I went to physical therapy every single day, got an injection ... and I just rested as much as I can.', u'The four-time winner on the LPGA Tour added that "it feels great", though she knows that Westchester\'s terrain may pose a challenge. "We\'re coming up with ways to walking up these hills.', u'"You might see me walk backwards, walk sideways, maybe crawl a couple of times, but I\'ll make it up the hills."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Buttler, Root Lead England Rout of New Zealand'], [u"BIRMINGHAM, England \u2014  Jos Buttler and Joe Root thrashed brilliant centuries in England's highest one-day international score on the way to a 210-run rout of New Zealand in the first game of the series at Edgbaston on Tuesday.", u"Adil Rashid hit 69 in new-look England's total of 408 for nine, which included 14 sixes, and the leg-spinner claimed four wickets as New Zealand were bowled out for 198 to secure England's highest victory by runs in ODIs.", u'Buttler walloped a blistering 129, his hundred coming off 66 balls, the second fastest ever for England and five deliveries more than the 61 he took to make a ton against Sri Lanka last year.', u'Buttler shared a world record seventh-wicket ODI stand of 177 with Rashid as England, who dropped stalwarts Jimmy Anderson, Stuart Broad and Ian Bell for the series, put memories of their dismal World Cup this year firmly behind them.', u'The omens had not looked good for the hosts when opener Jason Roy fell to the first ball of the day.', u'But an aggressive Root, first with Alex Hales (20) and then Eoin Morgan (50) led a recovery, taking the attack to New Zealand with the ball flying to all parts of Edgbaston.', u"Root's hundred came off 71 balls before he fell for 104, one of four wickets for Trent Boult.", u"Buttler and Rashid then took over, their partnership surpassing the previous best seventh-wicket ODI stand of 130 by Zimbabwe's Andy Flower and Heath Streak against England in 2001.", u'New Zealand, who thrashed England in February on the way to finishing as World Cup runners-up, made a stuttering start to their reply when Steven Finn bowled Brendon McCullum (10) and the paceman also accounted for Martin Guptill (22).', u'Kane Williamson (45) and Ross Taylor (57), who needed treatment after Morgan hit him on the hand with a shy at the stumps, tried to carry the fight to England.', u'But needing to keep up with a growing run-rate, New Zealand lost Mitchell Santner and Luke Ronchi to successive deliveries from Rashid and any lingering hopes of an unlikely victory ended in the next over when Finn trapped Taylor lbw.', u'Rashid completed a memorable match with a googly which flummoxed Matt Henry to return figures of four of 55 and Finn claimed four for 35.', u"England's previous best one-day international total was 391 for four against Bangladesh in Nottingham in 2005.", u'The next game in the five-match series is at The Oval on Friday.', u'(Reporting by Justin Palmer; editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Watch Out for Improving U.S. Team, Says Germany Coach Loew'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  The United States have improved all aspects of their game in the last few years and have become a force to be reckoned with, Germany coach Joachim Loew said on Tuesday at a news conference with U.S. counterpart Juergen Klinsmann.', u"Loew, whose side face the U.S. in a friendly on Wednesday, said he was impressed with the courage and mental strength that Klinsmann's side showed in their come-from-behind win against the Netherlands on Friday as well as their tactical play.", u'He also warned that the U.S. team might be hungrier and in a more competitive frame of mind ahead of the CONCACAF Gold Cup next month than his holiday-bound squad.', u'"I was really impressed with the pace, the intensity and the character of the U.S. team," Loew said of the Americans\' 4-3 friendly win in Amsterdam on Friday.', u'"They played an incredibly good match. When you look back at the developments over the last three or four years you can see a lot has happened. The U.S. team have advanced tremendously. They played at an enormously high level against the Netherlands."', u"Wednesday's match in Cologne will be Germany's third clash against Klinsmann's team in the last three years.", u'The United States beat Germany 4-3 in a friendly in 2013, while Germany won their World Cup group match 1-0 last year en route to winning the tournament in Brazil.', u"Loew was Klinsmann's assistant as Germany coach from 2004 and took over after Klinsmann stepped aside.", u'Klinsmann took the U.S. job in 2011 when they were 34th in the FIFA rankings. They rose as high as 14 in 2013 and are currently 27th.', u'"It\'s a completely different team than four years ago," said Loew, who also gave Klinsmann credit for paving the way for the 2014 World Cup win with courageous reforms.', u'"They exude a lot of courage and mental strength out there now."', u'Klinsmann, who said he was "incredibly proud" to coach the U.S. and loves singing the American national anthem, said he looked forward to another tough match against one of the world\'s top teams ahead of the Gold Cup they are hosting.', u'"The popularity of soccer is growing all the time in the United States and we\'re on the way," he said.', u'"We\'re becoming more and more confident. Our team is young. We\'re always looking for as many chances to play against the world\'s best."', u'(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'MWR Swaps Crew Chiefs for Bowyer and Ragan as Teams Slump'], [u'CHARLOTTE, N.C. \u2014  Michael Waltrip Racing , seeking a solution for its season-long slump, swapped crew chiefs for Clint Bowyer and David Ragan on Tuesday.', u"Brian Pattie had been with Bowyer since the team was formed in 2012, but he will now move to Ragan's car. Billy Scott had been crew chief for the No. 55 Toyota since late 2013, but he will now crew chief Bowyer.", u'MWR also said Tuesday it is reorganizing support engineers for its two cars. The car chiefs, road mechanics and pit crews were not changed.', u'"Our goal is to best position the 15 and 55 teams for a berth in the Chase for the Sprint Cup," said co-owner Rob Kauffman. "MWR has an enormous amount of bright, motivated and quality people working to solve the endless challenges inherent to racing. We have won poles and races, we have made the Chase and competed for a championship with this core group of personnel.   We just felt it was time to shake things up a bit to try and spark fresh ideas and more consistent results."', u"Bowyer is 17th in the standings and could still make the 16-driver Chase field, but he isn't particularly running well enough to be a legitimate contender. He has led just two laps all year, has only three top-10 finishes and is winless since 2012.", u'Ragan has only been with the team for four races. He is the replacement driver for Brian Vickers, who is sidelined with blood clots and not likely to return this year.', u"Ragan's best finish with MWR was 13th at Dover. He's 24th in the standings, but MWR is the third team he's driven for this year. Ragan was also the injury replacement for Kyle Busch at Joe Gibbs Racing for nine races."]), ([u'Olympic Boxing Body Fires Executive Director'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  The International Boxing Association says it has fired executive director Ho Kim with immediate effect.', u'AIBA did not specify in a statement its reason for dismissing the South Korean official.', u'AIBA President C. K. Wu says he wants "the world of boxing to move in the new direction and therefore I feel that new vision and leadership are paramount."', u'Kim had held the job for eight years.', u'AIBA says Kim has been replaced by his current deputy Karim Bouzidi.']), ([u'Fight Schedule'], [u'June 12', u"At UIC Pavilion, Chicago (Spike), Erislandy Lara vs. Delvin Rodriguez, 12, for Lara's WBA World junior middleweight title; Artur Beterbiev vs. Doudou Ngumbu, 10, light heavyweights; Ivan Redkach vs. Dejan Zlaticanin, 12, lightweights; Eleider Alvarez vs. Anatoliy Dudchenko, 10 light heavyweights.", u'June 13', u'At Whitchurch Sports Centre, Bristol, England, Lee Haskins vs. Ryosuke Iwasa, 12, for the interim IBF bantamweight title.', u"At Madison Square Garden Theater, New York (HBO), Nicholas Walters vs. Miguel Maariaga, 12, for Walters' WBA Super World featherweight title; Felix Verdejo vs. Ivan Najera, 10, lightweights.", u"At Bartow Arena, Birmingham, Ala. (SHO), Deontay Wilder vs. Eric Molina, 12, for Wilder's WBC heavyweight title; Jose Pedraza vs. Andrey Klimov, 12, for the vacant IBF junior lightweight title; Ivan Redkach vs. Dejan Zlaticanin, 12, WBC lightweight eliminator; Julian Williams vs. Armen Ovsepyan, 10, super welterweights; Ahmed Elbiali vs. Donta Woods, 10, light heavyweights.", u'June 20', u"At Bell Centre, Montreal, Hassan N'Dam vs. David Lemieux, 12, for the vacant IBF middleweight title; Dierry Jean vs. Jerry Belmontes, 12, lightweights.", u'At Oracle Arena, Oakland, Calif. (BET), Andre Ward vs. Paul Smith, 12, light heavyweights.', u'At MGM Grand, Las Vegas (NBC/NBCSN), Shawn Porter vs. Adrien Broner, 12, welterweights; Errol Spence Jr. vs. Roberto Garcia, 10, welterweights.', u'June 21', u'At MGM Grand, Las Vegas (CBS), Rances Barthelemy vs. Antonio DeMarco, 10, super lightweights; Sammy Vasquez vs. Wale Omotoso, 10, welterweights.', u'June 26', u'At Seneca Niagara Casino & Hotel, Niagara Falls, N.Y. (CBSSN), Dennis Hogan vs. Kenny Abril, 10, super welterweights.', u'At State Farm Arena, Hidalgo, Texas (truTV), Gilberto Ramirez vs. Derek Edwards, 10, super middleweights.', u'At Little Creek Casino Resort, Shelton, Wash. (SHO), Dominic Wade vs. Sam Soliman, 10, middleweights.', u'At Salinas (Calif.) Storm House (FS1), Alan Sanchez vs. Steve Claggett, 10, welterweights; Paul Mendez vs. David Lopez, 10, middleweights.', u'June 27', u"At Bangkok, Thailand, Amnat Ruenroeng vs. John Riel Casimero, 12, for Ruenroeng's IBF flyweight title.", u'At StubHub Center, Carson, Calif. (HBO), Timothy Bradley Jr. vs. Jessie Vargas, 12, welterweights; Humberto Soto vs. Raymundo Beltran, 12, super welterweights.', u'July 4', u"At Mazatlan, Mexico, Pedro Guevara vs. Ganigan Lopez, 12, for Guevara's WBC World light flyweight title.", u'July 11', u"At Magdeburg, Germany, Ruslan Chagaev vs. Francesco Pianeta, 12, for Chagaev's WBA World heavyweight title.", u"At Tampa, Fla. (ESPN2), Keith Thurman vs. Luis Collazo, 12, for Thurman's WBA World welterweight title; Tony Harrison vs. Willie Nelson, 10, middleweights.", u'At Memorial Sports Arena, Los Angeles, Mauricio Herrera vs. Hank Lundy, 10, for the vacant NABF super lightweight title; Michael Perez vs. Sharif Bogere, 10, lightweights.', u'July 18', u"At Macao, China, Ik Yang vs. Cesar Rene Cuenca, 12, for the vacant IBF super lightweight title; Nonito Donaire vs. Anthony Settoul, 10, junior featherweights; Mickey Bey vs. Denis Shafikov, 12, for Bey's IBF lightweight title.", u"At Manchester (England) Arena, Scott Quigg vs. Kiko Martinez, 12, for Quigg's WBA World junior featherweight title; Darleys Perez vs. Anthony Crolla, 12, for Perez's WBA World lightweight title; Chris Jenkins vs. Tyrone Nurse, 12, for vacant British junior welterweight title; Sam Eggington vs. Glenn Foot, 12, for vacant British welterweight title.", u"At Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, Las Vegas (HBO), Sergey Kovalev vs. Nadjib Mohammedi, 12, for Kovalev's IBF-WBO-WBA Super World light heavyweight titles.", u'July 25', u"At Las Vegas, Sergey Kovalev vs. Nadjib Mohammedi, 12, for Kovalev's WBA Super World-IBF-WBO light heavyweight titles; Jean Pascal vs. Cuban Yunieski Gonzalez, 10, light heavyweights."]), ([u"Bucks Hoping Season's Momentum Carries Over to a New Arena"], [u"MILWAUKEE \u2014  Jabari Parker just got to town, and he doesn't want to leave.", u"It's now up to legislators to determine just how much they want the young forward and the rest of the Bucks to stick around in Milwaukee.", u'Following a surprisingly successful season, the team is one step closer to getting a new home after political leaders last week announced a $500 million financing deal for a downtown arena. The next hurdle could be more momentous than making the playoffs: getting approval from the state Legislature and Milwaukee Common Council.', u'"It\'s all progress. It\'s our first step forward," team President Peter Feigin said. "We\'ve still got a long road."', u"Parker's job is to score points and rebound. He's hoping to return from a knee injury that sidelined him for much of this past season.", u"He is also paying attention to what's happening off the court.", u'"Yeah, it\'s very important, because we want to stay around as much as possible," Parker said. "We don\'t want to leave. We want to stay in Milwaukee."', u'So much has happened already since April 2014, when new owners bought the Bucks. It marked a fresh start for a franchise that had hit rock-bottom in the NBA.', u'The team drafted one-and-done sensation Parker out of Duke with the second overall pick in the draft in June 2014. He brought immediate star power.  Jason Kidd was hired as coach soon afterward. He brought a name recognizable from his days as an All-Star point guard.', u'Relying on defense, the Bucks finished 41-41 \u2014 a remarkable improvement following a franchise-worst 15-win season in 2013-14. They made the playoffs, losing in six games in the first round to the Chicago Bulls.', u'"We\'re turning things around, together. Most importantly we\'re headed toward a new direction," Parker said.', u"On Saturday, the Bucks drew an estimated 10,000 fans for an afternoon-long block party that was highlighted by the unveiling of their new uniforms at a park outside the team's corporate offices.  Fans wearing Bucks gear shot hoops with Parker and fellow franchise cornerstone Giannis Antetokounmpo; tried to dump Feigin into a dunk tank; and watched as giant posters of the team's new duds were unfurled with fanfare on the side of a building.", u'It was just the kind of momentum that the team needed with the arena question looming.', u'"I\'ve been here for years. This has to be one of the greatest times being in Milwaukee," said retired forward Vin Baker, who was drafted by the Bucks in the first round in 1993.', u"The financing deal announced by Gov. Scott Walker, Republican legislative leaders and Milwaukee-area officials calls for the taxpayers' share of costs to be capped at $250 million. The Bucks' current and former owners have pledged $250 million, and the owners would be responsible to pay for any cost overruns.", u"Some conservatives don't like the deal because they think taxpayers shouldn't be in the business of financing sports projects. Community and business leaders gathered at the state capitol in Madison this week urging for quick approval.", u'The NBA could buy back the Bucks and move it without significant progress toward construction of a new arena by 2017. It would replace the BMO Harris Bradley Center, which opened in 1988.', u"Saturday's turnout offered a sign of renewed enthusiasm with the club. The Bucks have made concerted efforts to maintain connections with popular players from their past, including Hall of Famer Oscar Robertson.", u'The Bucks unveiled their new logos in April, including one mark that, for the first time, depicts an outline of the state of Wisconsin accented by a color called "Great Lakes blue."', u'Asked on Saturday whether the Bucks needed to embark on a statewide campaign to help make their case, Feigin said it was more about education.', u'"We have to do a lot of education versus campaigning," Feigin said. "We\'ve got to be clear. We\'ve got to tell the rationale of the direction we want to go and then today is a great example of where we\'re going."']), ([u'Factbox-Juventus Signing Sami Khedira'], [u'(Reuters) - Factbox on Germany international Sami Khedira, who has agreed to join Serie A club Juventus.', u'Born in Stuttgart, April 4, 1987.', u'Position: Defensive midfielder', u'CLUB CAREER:', u"Begins playing at local club TV Oeffingen in 1992 before joining VfB Stuttgart's academy in 1995.", u"Plays for Stuttgart's youth teams until being called into the first team for the 2006-07 season.", u'Makes his debut on Oct. 1, 2006 against Hertha Berlin and scores his first two goals on Oct. 29 against Schalke 04.', u'Wins the 2006-07 Bundesliga with Stuttgart.', u'Joins Real Madrid on July 30, 2010 for an undisclosed fee after making 98 league appearances and scoring 14 goals for Stuttgart.', u"Wins first trophy with Real Madrid, the King's Cup, in 2011.", u'Wins seven trophies in total with Real Madrid, including the 2014 Champions League and La Liga in 2011-12.', u'Makes 102 league appearances, scoring six goals for Real Madrid, but only appears in 17 games in all competitions in his final season.', u'INTERNATIONAL CAREER:', u"Captains Germany's under-21s to the 2009 European Championship title, beating England 4-0 in the final.", u'Makes debut for senior side on Sept. 5, 2009 in a friendly against South Africa.', u'Receives call-up to the Germany squad for the 2010 World Cup, filling in for injured midfielder Michael Ballack.', u'Plays all seven matches of the 2010 tournament, scoring his first Germany goal in the third-place playoff match against Uruguay.', u'Helps Germany reach the semi-finals of Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine.', u'Tears his anterior cruciate ligament on Nov. 15, 2013 in a friendly against Italy, but recovers in time for 2014 World Cup.', u'Helps Germany reach the final, but is injured in the warm up and does not play as they beat Argentina 1-0 in extra time.', u'Khedira has scored five goals in 54 games for Germany.', u'(Compiled by Max Nimmo; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Chile Eyes Crackdown on Violence, Racism at Copa America'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Chile passed a new law on Tuesday to crack down on violence and racism at soccer matches ahead of the Copa America tournament which kicks off on Thursday.', u"Chile wants to prevent the notorious South American 'barra brava' hooligans marring games and said it will have zero tolerance for discrimination and racism, with tougher fines and jail sentences for those who cross the line.", u"Twelve national teams from across the region play in Chile between June 11 and July 4 in the Copa America, the world's oldest continental soccer tournament.", u'"With this new law we\'re not only going to sanction those that deviate from the soccer community and spoil the sport, but also guarantee that fans and families can enjoy the game safely and in pleasant conditions," said the government\'s acting Vice-President Jorge Burgos.', u'The tougher sanctions can be applied to fans and soccer clubs alike.', u"Games featuring South American teams are renowned for their color and noise, creating an atmosphere that can make European matches seem dour by comparison. Some elements of that atmosphere can undermine security and controls are being tightened, the head of the Chilean government's 'Safe Stadium Plan' told Reuters in March.", u'Racism is also a serious issue, with authorities in Chile, Peru, Brazil and Argentina among those trying to crack down on discrimination.', u'"I\'m certain that collaboration between the different police forces on the continent will allow us to make this Copa America a real celebration of our America," said Burgos.', u'(Reporting by Anthony Esposito and Antonio de la Jara; Editing by Andrew Hay)']), ([u'Luis Enrique Agrees Barca Contract Extension'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has ended uncertainty over his future by agreeing a one-year contract extension with the Spanish and European champions until the end of the 2016-17 season.', u"Barca president Josep Maria Bartomeu announced the agreement at a news conference on Tuesday assessing a season in which the Catalan giants won a treble of Champions League and domestic league and Cup titles in Luis Enrique's first term in charge.", u"The former Barca and Spain midfielder, who was upset with the sacking of sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta in January, had refused to say whether he would stay on when quizzed about his future after Saturday's 3-1 win over Juventus in the Champions League final.", u'Barca became the first team to win the treble in the same season on two occasions, repeating their feat from 2009.', u'"After a year like the one we have had, with difficulties but with a great end result, we are more than excited hoping to secure more titles," Luis Enrique said on Barca\'s website (', u') after signing his new deal.', u'Bartomeu, flanked by the three trophies, also formally stepped down to allow him to stand in the forthcoming presidential election, which he called in January with the club in the midst of an institutional crisis.', u'Barca were due to hold the election in 2016 but Bartomeu decided to bring it forward by a year following the dismissal of Zubizarreta.', u'The former Barca and Spain goalkeeper, who was responsible for hiring Luis Enrique, paid the price for a FIFA ban on signings for two windows over a breach of rules on the transfer of foreign Under-18 players.', u"Bartomeu will be hoping some of Barca's success this term rubs off, although he looks likely to face a challenge from former president Joan Laporta, who was in charge when Barca won their maiden treble in 2008-09.", u'Laporta, a lawyer and politician who fiercely supports Catalan independence, has strongly hinted he will stand but has yet to formally declare his candidacy.', u"Bartomeu stepped up to the top job from vice president in January 2014 after Laporta's successor Sandro Rosell resigned amid allegations of tax fraud in the deal to sign Brazil forward Neymar.", u'Barca announced earlier on Tuesday that their Brazil right back Dani Alves had agreed a two-year contract extension with an option for a further year.', u'(Writing by Iain Rogers, editing by Ed Osmond and Toby Davis)']), ([u'Stanford Star Morris Gets His Chance With US National Team'], [u"STANFORD, Calif. \u2014  The tattoo was his mother's idea about five years ago.", u"Jordan Morris has Type 1 diabetes, so getting the symbol for his disease inked on his right forearm serves dual purposes: as medical identification and a reminder to the Stanford star of what he has endured to become a contributor for the U.S. men's national team at age 20.", u'"You\'re supposed to wear a bracelet and I never did. I don\'t know why, it was just kind of annoying to me to wear that," he said. "It was actually my mom\'s idea. She said it to me five or so years ago, \'You should get a tattoo.\' I was like, \'No, no, I never want to do that.\' Then as I got older I thought that\'d be pretty cool, actually, just so people know I have diabetes, but then now it could be a way to inspire some young diabetics, too, which I think is awesome. I think it serves both those purposes."', u'Morris has had a whirlwind spring, from traveling the world with the national team and U.S. Under-23 squad, to returning to the Bay Area to finish his sophomore course work at Stanford.', u'A speedy forward who can beat a defender 1-on-1 to create chances on the attack, he became the first college player to score for the national team in at least 20 years when he got a goal against Mexico two months ago in his first start.', u"He is on the roster for Wednesday's exhibition against Germany in Cologne, a rematch of Mannschaft's 1-0 win in the group stage of last year's World Cup when the Germans won the title.", u'Morris arrived from France, where he appeared in all four matches with three starts and scored against host France in the 2015 Toulon Tournament for Under-23 teams.', u"Then, he entered in the 80th minute in the Americans' 4-3 win against the Netherlands and assisted on Bobby Wood's game-winning goal in the 90th minute.", u'In his bag or backpack, Morris is always ready with Tree Top brand fruit gummies or a sports drink if his blood sugar gets low.', u'"It just kind of depends on the day," he said of whether he needs the snack.', u'Morris has played in four games for the U.S. with one start, and he scored the first goal in the 49th minute of a 2-0 victory April 15 against Mexico in San Antonio.', u'Among other firsts, he became the first active college player to appear for the U.S. team since Ante Razov in 1995.', u'"It\'s pretty unbelievable. It still hasn\'t hit me totally. Pretty crazy," Morris said during a recent sit-down at Stanford. "When I take a step back and look at how the last few months have gone, it\'s something I\'ve dreamed about since I was a little kid.', u'"I never really thought that maybe this would ever happen, especially this early. It was an unbelievable moment. I think that kind of came out when I saw the ball go in the net, I just had all of these emotions suddenly rush into me, I\'m like, \'This actually just happened.\'"', u"His journey to the national team arrived somewhat by chance. He played in a closed scrimmage against last year's World Cup team during its training camp at Stanford in May 2014.", u'"I got a little lucky that they were able to come train here," he said. "There are so many players trying to make it to that level, sometimes you need a little luck to get there."', u'Morris then stuck around and trained a couple of days under coach Jurgen Klinsmann, who already had begun to consider Morris a future option then. The coach doesn\'t hesitate to give opportunities to young, inexperienced players. He said before Morris\' start against Mexico, "I want him to enjoy it."', u"Morris' father, Dr. Michael Morris, is the Seattle Sounders' orthopedist. That could be where Morris, from Mercer Island, Washington, winds up after his junior college season this fall.", u'Klinsmann had already heard plenty about Morris from Sounders coach Sigi Schmid.', u'"We have this special kid coming through the academy, but his dad is a doctor and he wants to go to college," Klinsmann recalled to reporters last fall in Prague of those conversations. "So we watched him obviously. And when we saw him at the U-23 camp with Tab (Ramos) in early April, I saw him.', u'"Then during World Cup preparation at Stanford we played against him and he scored against us, so we could evaluate the talent. So the next step is to see where his head is. I said, \'I\'m not scared to give him an expressway if it\'s all doable.\'"', u'Klinsmann spoke with Morris, his father and Stanford coach Jeremy Gunn along the way given his unique position as a college student.', u"From fellow forwards Jozy Altidore, Clint Dempsey and Chris Wondolowski, to the rest of the Americans, Morris' teammates have welcomed him.", u'"It\'s great to play with these guys because they\'re my role models and people I want to model my game after," he said. "It\'s amazing to play with them and learn from them."']), ([u'Detroit Red Wings Hire Jeff Blashill to Replace Babcock'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  The moment Mike Babcock left the Detroit Red Wings, Jeff Blashill was the obvious candidate to replace him.', u"In fact, this coaching hire seemed more like a succession plan that was in place for about a year before Babcock's departure.", u"The 41-year-old Blashill was introduced Tuesday as Detroit's new coach, an announcement that felt almost inevitable ever since Babcock left last month to take over the Toronto Maple Leafs. Blashill has coached Detroit's minor league affiliate in Grand Rapids for the past three seasons.", u'"He was really the only candidate," general manager Ken Holland said.', u'Blashill led Grand Rapids to the Calder Cup in 2013. The Griffins made it to the conference finals in the AHL playoffs this year.', u'Holland said Blashill received a four-year contract from the Red Wings.', u"The Red Wings certainly had time to come up with a contingency plan for Babcock's potential exit. His contract was expiring at the end of this season, and Blashill, a Detroit native, was eyeing the job.", u'"I told Ken a year ago that with Mike\'s uncertainty, if Mike were to leave Detroit, that the Red Wing job was the job that I wanted most of any in the NHL," Blashill said. "I was a Red Wing fan, an avid Red Wing fan growing up. It\'s a great city that I believe in. It\'s a great organization."', u'Holland said several NHL teams asked permission to interview Blashill after last season, so he told the Grand Rapids coach he could either interview for those jobs or rework his contract to stay with the Griffins. Blashill stayed.', u'"We certainly talked about the uncertainty of Mike Babcock\'s situation," Holland said. "I told Blash that if we weren\'t able to retain Babs that he would be my No. 1 candidate."', u"Blashill coached at Western Michigan in 2010-11 before joining the Red Wings' organization. He was an assistant coach for one season before taking over at Grand Rapids. He also coached the Indiana Ice of the United States Hockey League from 2008-10.", u"Blashill's familiarity with many players in Detroit's system could make this transition easier. Denny DeKeyser, Luke Glendening, Petr Mrazek, Gustav Nyquist and Tomas Tatar are among the current Red Wings who played for Blashill in the minors \u2014 and then there are the players who were in Detroit when Blashill was an assistant.", u'"I\'ve coached almost all of them at one point or another," he said.', u"Blashill will be under plenty of pressure. The Red Wings won a Stanley Cup under Babcock in 2008, and they've been in the playoffs for 24 consecutive seasons.", u'"I\'ll have my own approach, and with my own approach I\'m sure will come change," Blashill said. "I coach similar in a lot of ways to the way Babs coached here. A lot of the same approaches, in terms of how we play. But I\'m my own person."', u'Lately, Detroit has undergone a bit of a makeover, with younger players like Nyquist, Tatar and Mrazek playing bigger roles as stars Henrik Zetterberg and Pavel Datsyuk show more signs of age. The Red Wings have advanced past the first round of the playoffs only once in the last four seasons. They lost to Tampa Bay in seven games in the opening round this year.', u'Although the Red Wings are no longer regulars in the latter stages of the postseason, expectations are still high in Detroit. Blashill, who was born in Detroit and raised in Michigan, embraces the opportunity to help run the team he rooted for when he was younger.', u'"There\'s a certain part of this today that from a personal standpoint is really neat," he said. "It\'s a neat thing to be able to ultimately be a head coach for an organization that was a big part of your life growing up. That\'s a pretty cool thing."']), ([u'Rookie Paquette Comes Through Again for Lightning in Final'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Cedric Paquette didn't make the Lightning's roster out of training camp. He didn't nail down a permanent job in Tampa Bay until January, when general manager Steve Yzerman told him to move out of a hotel.", u"The 21-year-old rookie then began the Stanley Cup Final as the Lightning's designated pest against Jonathan Toews, tasked with hounding the Chicago captain all over the ice and talking a little trash.", u'Three games into the Final, Paquette has seized yet another role and it has the Lightning halfway to a Stanley Cup title.', u'Paquette scored the game-winning goal in Game 3 on Monday night, skating down the middle and redirecting an exceptional pass from Victor Hedman for the clutch score with 3:11 to play.', u"After scoring just one goal in Tampa Bay's first three playoff rounds, Paquette has two goals in two games in the Final, scoring in each of the Lightning's wins. This outburst of offense is a surprise to just about everyone, including the good-natured forward himself.", u'"It\'s as if I\'m not feeling a thing right now," Paquette said. "It\'s incredible, the emotions since the beginning of the season. Going down (to the AHL) and being recalled, since then I\'ve matured. And even when things weren\'t going as well at the start of the playoffs, I just kept my game simple, and I think I\'m being rewarded since the start of the finals."', u'Paquette was the second-youngest player on the ice in Game 3, but the pressure has meant little to him this spring. He has played a major role in holding Toews without a goal through three games, and his opportunistic scores have been comparably huge for the upstart Lightning.', u'"It\'s really unbelievable, the way he\'s been playing," Lightning defenseman Anton Stralman said. "And now he\'s scoring big goals for us. He\'s a complete player out there. He goes against maybe the best centerman in the league and does an unbelievable job at it, winning faceoffs. Big faceoffs, too. We wouldn\'t have scored that third goal if we didn\'t win that faceoff, and then he\'s up there first guy to the net and gets rewarded. It\'s really fun to see."', u"Paquette played in two regular-season games and all four of Tampa Bay's postseason games last year, but he didn't win a role on the opening-night roster last fall despite making a distinct impression on his teammates.", u'"He was bugging me in training camp," forward Brian Boyle said. "I was like, \'Who the hell is this kid?\' I didn\'t know him. Since then, he\'s been a huge asset for our team. He\'s learned so much. He\'s come so far this year."', u'Paquette came up for good in November, but went through a 29-game goal drought early in the season. Although he is the youngest player on the Lightning with a regular lineup spot, he has become increasingly valuable as a depth forward \u2014 and now he has broken out in the postseason.', u"Paquette didn't only cash in Hedman's pass late in Game 3. He also had the courage to block a windup shot from Chicago's Brent Seabrook as Tampa Bay hung on.", u"Paquette knows his job isn't nearly done against Toews, but he intends to keep working on the little things that got him to the big stage.", u'"Obviously, scoring the winning goal is really special," Paquette said. "Every hockey player dreams of that, and it\'s the same for me. But blocking shots is my job. Even though I score a goal, I\'m not going to change my role on this team. I\'m not going to score 50 goals next year. I\'m still there to block shots late in games."']), ([u'Emirates Airline President-Would Like to Return as FIFA Sponsor'], [u"MIAMI \u2014  Emirates airline would be interested in renewing a deal to sponsor the FIFA World Cup once the scandal over corruption has been cleared up, the carrier's president said on Tuesday.", u'Emirates decided late last year not to renew its contract to sponsor the tournament, saying the deal was not meeting its expectations.', u'"A lot of it not meeting our expectations has been explained by what has been revealed," Tim Clark told reporters on the sidelines of the annual meeting of the International Air Transport Association (IATA).', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter resigned last Tuesday, less than one week after Swiss police staged a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.', u'"I\'m very glad that our name was not associated with it at this stage," Clark said.', u'He said that it was a tough decision for Emirates, which has other high profile sponsorships such as with soccer clubs Arsenal, AC Milan and Paris St Germain, to not renew the contract and that it would be interested in sponsoring the tournament again.', u'"I\'d like to think that when it\'s all sorted out we get back in because it\'s great for us, we\'re so football orientated," he said.', u'(Reporting by Victoria Bryan; Editing by Edward Taylor)']), ([u'Carver Leaves Newcastle, McClaren to Take Over-Reports'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Interim Newcastle United manager John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone have left the club, with former England boss Steve McClaren poised to take over, British media reported on Tuesday.', u"Carver, a long-serving coach at St James's Park, was put in charge for the second half of the season after Alan Pardew left for Crystal Palace.", u'The team won only three games under his stewardship, however, and were in danger of relegation from the Premier League until the final day of the campaign.', u'Stone, a former England international, had been a coach at the club since 2010.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Bouchard Starts Grass Season With Loss at Topshelf Open'], [u'S-HERTOGENBOSCH, Netherlands \u2014  Back on her favorite surface, top-seeded Eugenie Bouchard lost in the first round at the Topshelf Open on Tuesday.', u'Bouchard, who last year became the first Canadian to reach a Grand Slam singles final at Wimbledon, was beaten by by Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan 6-4, 1-6, 6-4.', u'Bouchard reached three consecutive Grand Slam semifinals last year but is going through a difficult season, having lost nine of her past 10 matches, and dropped out of the top-10 rankings. She lost her opening match at the ', u'.', u"In men's play, seventh-seeded Fernando Verdasco defeated Daniel Gimeno-Traver 7-6 (3), 6-7 (6), 6-2 in an all-Spanish first-round match. No. 6 seed Adrian Mannarino of France and No. 8 Joao Sousa of Portugal also advanced.", u'Verdasco will be up against local favorite Robin Haase for a place in the quarterfinals.']), ([u"Juventus Sign Germany's Khedira From Real Madrid"], [u'(Reuters) - Juventus moved to strengthen their midfield by signing Germany international and World Cup winner Sami Khedira from Real Madrid on a free transfer, the Italian champions said.', u'Khedira, 28, has agreed a four-year contract with the Champions League runners-up and will join the Turin club on July 1, Juve said on their website (', u') on Tuesday.', u'"Khedira, who is normally deployed in front of the defence as a ball-winning midfielder, is able to cover a lot of ground while also possessing excellent passing and shooting ability and great vision of the game," Juve said.', u'"Bianconeri boss Massimiliano Allegri is set to add a player of class, quality and international experience to his ranks, ready to enrich one of the strongest midfields in world football."', u'After joining Real from VfB Stuttgart in 2010, Khedira had a reasonably successful five-year stint with the La Liga club but fell out of favour after talks on a contract extension failed.', u'Last month, he accused Real of freezing him out by dropping him from the team even though he was fit to play.', u'He barely featured since the turn of the year, with Real citing a series of minor injuries as the reason for his absence, but Khedira said the club had decided he was no longer wanted.', u'"I\'ve always felt that I\'ve had the coach\'s backing, but the message indirectly came through to me that I was no longer needed, I was frozen out and wouldn\'t have a chance to continue playing," he told Marca sports daily.', u'"It hurts that I\'m accused of a lack of professionalism because I\'ve always put the team ahead of myself," he added. "I\'ve always gone with the truth."', u"Khedira's move to Juve could facilitate the exit of their France midfielder Paul Pogba, who is reportedly a target for clubs including Real, European champions Barcelona and several English teams as well as Paris St Germain.", u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond and Iain Rogers, editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Tomic, Troicki Advance to 2nd Round at Mercedes Cup'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic advanced to the second round of the Mercedes Cup by beating Jan-Lennard Struff of Germany 6-3, 7-6 (5) Tuesday at the grass-court Wimbledon warm-up tournament.', u"Tomic, Australia's highest-ranked player, has made good starts in most of his tournaments this year but passed the quarterfinals only once.", u"Eighth-seeded Viktor Troicki also advanced, beating Croatian teenager Borna Coric 6-2, 6-0. Coric won only one point on Troicki's serve in the second set.", u'German qualifier Mischa Zverev defeated seventh-seeded Dominic Thiem of Austria 7-6 (4), 6-2, and other winners included Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus, Andreas Haider-Maurer of Austria and Sam Groth of Australia.', u'Tomic, who reached the Wimbledon quarterfinals in 2011, said he was happy to be playing in Stuttgart, where he was born before the family immigrated to Australia.', u'"I served and returned well in the first set. I think I lost a little bit of concentration in the second. It\'s all about finding your movement on the grass in the first match and I felt like it was pretty solid," Tomic said.', u'Tomic will next play Tommy Haas, the 37-year-old veteran who is making his comeback after a shoulder injury. Haas beat Mikhail Kukushkin 6-4, 7-5 in his first match in a year.', u'"I am still not where I want to be, I still can\'t serve the way I want," Haas said. "But I have no pain and that\'s important."', u'Baghdatis, who compensated for 11 double-faults with 10 aces in a 6-3, 6-4 victory over Lukas Rosol, will next play top-seeded Rafael Nadal, who had a bye into the second round.', u"Troicki will next meet wild card Alexander Zverev, Mischa Zverev's younger brother, who rallied to beat qualifier Mate Pavic 3-6, 6-2, 6-3.", u'Andreas Seppi cruised past Benjamin Becker 6-1, 6-2 and will meet Mischa Zverev in the second round.']), ([u"Butcher's Boy Nolito Has Costa Rica in His Sights"], [u"MADRID \u2014  Celta Vigo forward Nolito has come a long way since he earned 30 euros ($33.74) a week as a butcher's apprentice and should get a chance to show Spain coach Vicente del Bosque what he can do in Thursday's friendly against Costa Rica.", u"The match is a useful opportunity for Del Bosque to experiment with Nolito and some of the other new faces in the squad ahead of Sunday's Euro 2016 qualifier away to Group C rivals Belarus.", u'Spain have, in particular, been struggling to find a goal scorer to fill the shoes of record marksman David Villa, who has not featured since the 2014 World Cup.', u'Forwards Alvaro Morata, Paco Alcacer and Nolito will be keen to impress if handed a chance against the Central Americans in the north-western city of Leon.', u'"I used to get up at eight thirty, I was at the butcher from nine until two and in the afternoon I trained in my village," Nolito, now 28, said in an interview with Marca sports daily published on Tuesday.', u'"I was 15 years old and then I signed for Valencia," he added. "I didn\'t get to cut any meat as those knives were dangerous."', u'In midfield, Sevilla pair Vitolo and Aleix Vidal are looking to cap a great season for the Europa League winners with good performances on the international stage.', u'Goalkeeper Sergio Rico, another Sevilla player, has been called into the squad for the first time and may be given a run-out.', u'"It\'s a dream for me to represent my country," Rico said at a news conference at Spain\'s training base outside Madrid.', u'"It\'s been a fantastic season and this call-up has been the reward, I hope to learn," the 21-year-old added.', u'With five matches played, Spain are second in Euro 2016 qualifying Group C on 12 points, three behind leaders Slovakia, who beat them 2-1 in Zilina in October, and three ahead of third-placed Ukraine. Belarus are a further five points behind in fourth.', u'Spain host Slovakia in September in a match that could decide who goes to the tournament in France next year as group winners.', u'Costa Rica are ranked 14th in the world after their outstanding run to the World Cup quarter-finals in Brazil last year, when they were eliminated on penalties by the Netherlands after the match ended 0-0.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy'], [u'ROME/BUENOS AIRES \u2014  Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. authorities over the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday.', u'U.S. prosecutors say Burzaco, 50, along with Argentines Hugo Jinkis, 70, and his son Mariano Jinkis, 40, conspired to win and keep lucrative media rights contracts from regional football federations by paying bribes. The whereabouts of the father and son are unknown.', u'Police in the city of Bolzano said they arrested Burzaco after he turned himself in at the police station accompanied by his lawyers.', u'The arrest adds to the list of suspects implicated in the corruption scandal that erupted last month when police descended on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested seven FIFA officials, pending extradition to the United States.', u"Burzaco is also being investigated by Argentina's tax authority, AFIP, which suspects him of tax evasion. That means extradition from Italy, which is often slow and complicated, could be sought by both the United States and Argentina.", u'Burzaco gave no explanation as to why he was in Bolzano. Local media said he had rented a house outside the city and planned to request that he be given house arrest.', u'Burzaco was president of Argentine sports marketing firm Torneos y Competencias (Torneos), when the United States issued its indictment. Hugo and Mariano Jinkis are controlling principals of Full Play, another sports media and marketing business headquartered in Argentina.', u"The Argentine judge who ordered the three men's arrest on May 28 said at the time that he did not know if they were in the country.", u'Burzaco went to ground after the FIFA arrests in Zurich.  Argentine media widely published a tweet sent from his Twitter handle five days before the hotel raid in which he wrote that he was in London on his way to Zurich.', u"Burzaco's Twitter feed was hastily removed after the United States disclosed its graft charges.", u'In a company statement on June 3, Torneos said that board members had met and decided to "take all legal steps required to remove Mr Alejandro Burzaco from his position as General Manager and Chairman of the Board of Directors."', u"The company also said it was coordinating an internal investigation with the support of external U.S. and Argentine counsel and had authorized steps to preserve all of Torneos's records and assist with the ongoing investigations.", u'(Reporting by Antonella Cinelli and Gavin Jones in Rome and Hugh Bronstein and Luis Ampuero in Buenos Aires; Editing by Larry King)']), ([u'Weah Junior Finally Gets Chance to Emulate Famous Father'], [u"(Reuters) - The eldest son of Liberia's former World Footballer of the Year George Weah will get his first chance to emulate the international career of his father at the start of the 2017 African Nations Cup qualifiers this weekend.", u'The 27-year-old George Weah junior was on the books of two of his father\u2019s old clubs but never made the grade.', u'However, he has been included in Liberia\u2019s squad for Sunday\u2019s qualifier in Togo, the country\u2019s FA said on Tuesday.', u'He has made the cut for the final squad that has moved to Ghana to prepare for the Group A game in nearby Lome.', u'Weah junior was born in Liberia but grew up in the U.S, where he played for the national under-20 team in a handful of friendly matches.', u'He was in the junior teams at AC Milan, where his father made his name, from the age of 14 but was let go before he turned 20. He has since had a journeyman career in the lower leagues in Switzerland and briefly in Greece.', u'He last played professional football in two substitute appearances for Paris St Germain\u2019s amateur team last year.', u"Liberia\u2019s new coach, James Debbah, was also a PSG player and is a relative of Weah's.", u'Weah junior\u2019s father, now 48, was World Footballer of the Year in 1995.', u'For many years, when Liberia was embroiled in civil strife, he funded the running of the national team and led them twice to the Nations Cup finals in 1996 and 2002.', u"He also coached the team before turning to politics, running unsuccessfully for president in Liberia but last year winning a Senate seat.    Another of his son's, Timothy, is in the U.S. under-15 team and also in PSG\u2019s youth programme.", u'(Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'West Ham Name Bilic as Manager'], [u'LONDON \u2014  West Ham United have appointed Croatian Slaven Bilic as their manager, the Premier League club said on Tuesday.', u'The 46-year-old has signed a three-year contract to replace Sam Allardyce who left Upton Park at the end of last season.', u'Former international defender Bilic played for the Hammers from 1996 to 1997 and was a popular figure who will be welcomed back by supporters.', u'"I\'m really glad to be back with West Ham United," he told the club\'s website (', u').', u'"It\'s in the Premier League, which is among the best in the world. It\'s a big challenge and you are competing with the best and what better club to do it with than West Ham?"', u'"It\'s a big privilege and a big responsibility to now be manager. I would say to the West Ham fans that I will give my best and together we will achieve great things."', u'The tough-tackling Bilic joined West Ham in 1996 for a then club record transfer fee of 1.3 million pounds ($1.99 million) and helped the side avoid relegation before joining Everton in 1997.', u'He won 44 caps for Croatia, scoring three goals, and managed his country for six years from 2006 to 2012, winning 42 of his 65 matches in charge.', u"Bilic also had spells managing Hajduk Split in his native Croatia, Russian side Lokomotiv Moscow and most recently Turkey's Besiktas, whom he left last month.", u"West Ham finished 12th in the Premier League last season and decided not to renew Allardyce's contract.", u"Bilic will have to get down to work quickly. Having qualified for next season's Europa League by way of the Fair Play League, West Ham could be playing in it as early as July 2.", u"More important is consolidating their Premier League status during the final season at Upton Park before moving to London's Olympic Stadium.", u'Staying in the top tier would also ensure a share of the lucrative new domestic television deal that begins in 2016.', u'($1 = 0.6524 pounds)', u'(Writing by Steve Tongue and Tom Hayward; Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Factbox-West Ham Manager Slaven Bilic'], [u'(Reuters) - Factbox on Croatian Slaven Bilic who was named manager of Premier League club West Ham United on Tuesday.', u'\xa0', u'Born in Split, Sept. 11, 1968.', u'\xa0', u'Position: Central defender', u'CLUB CAREER:', u"Begins career at hometown Hajduk Split on Croatia's Adriatic coast in 1988 and won the Yugoslav cup in 1991, Croatia\u2019s inaugural league title the following year, and the Croatian Cup in 1993.", u'Joins German side Karlsruher for three seasons before leaving for Premier League side West Ham in 1996.', u'Moves to Everton in 1997 but his three year-stay at Goodison Park is plagued by injuries and suspensions.', u'The Merseyside club gave Bilic a million-pound payoff in 2000 and two days later rejoins Hajduk helping them win the 2001 Croatian Cup before retiring.', u'INTERNATIONAL CAREER', u'Makes international debut in 1992.', u'A member of a talented Croatia side -- including the likes of Robert Prosinecki, Davor Suker and Zvonimir Boban -- reach the 1998 World Cup semi-finals.', u"Briefly lead hosts and eventual champions France 1-0 before Lillian Thuram's brace knocks Croatia out.", u'Scores three goals in a 44-game international career.', u'\xa0', u'COACHING CAREER', u"After brief spells as caretaker coach at Hajduk in 2001-2002 and Croatia's Under-21 team from 2004 to 2006, becomes coach of the senior national side in 2006.", u'Is seconds away from steering Croatia into the Euro 2008 semi-finals leading 1-0 lead against Turkey in extra time before conceding a dramatic equaliser and losing the ensuing penalty shootout.', u'Fails to qualify for the 2010 World Cup and departs shortly after the 2012 European Championship having failed to progress from the group stages despite impressive performances against Italy and eventual winners Spain.', u'Oversees 65 games in charge of Croatia recording memorable 2-0 and 3-2 wins against England during their qualification campaign for the 2008 European Championships.', u'Takes over at Lokomotiv Moscow but endures a mediocre one-year stay at the Russian Premier League side 2012-2013 -- his first full role in club management.', u'Joins Besiktas on a three-year contract in 2013 but spends just two seasons at the Turkish side before departing in 2015 to replace Sam Allardyce as manager of West Ham.', u'\xa0', u'(Compiled by Zoran Milosavljevic, editing by Tom Hayward)']), ([u'Southampton Rated Fastest Growing Brand in World Football'], [u'(Reuters) - English Premier League club Southampton have been named the fastest growing football brand in the world after rising in value by 89 percent in the past year to $183 million.', u'The Brand Finance Football 50 report puts them 18th in the world overall, up from 30th in 2014, after another successful season.', u"The Saints, who were in the third tier of English football four years ago, finished seventh in the Premier League under Dutchman Ronald Koeman, qualifying for next season's Europa League.", u'"Southampton has been more than a passive beneficiary of booming broadcast revenues," the report said.', u'"It has gone from strength to strength since promotion in 2012. The club\u2019s apparent knack for identifying talented young players at a reasonable cost and developing them into stars has enabled it to climb the Premier League rankings whilst turning a tidy profit."', u"Manchester United's brand was the most valuable in world football, rising 63 percent to $1.2 billion and taking them above Bayern Munich ($933 million) and Real Madrid ($873 million).", u'The top 10 was completed by Manchester City, Chelsea, Barcelona, Arsenal, Liverpool, Paris Saint-Germain and Tottenham Hotspur.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy'], [u'ROME/BUENOS AIRES \u2014  Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. prosecutors in the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday, police said.', u'U.S. prosecutors say Burzaco, 50, along with Hugo Jinkis, 70, and his son Mariano Jinkis, 40, conspired to win and keep lucrative media rights contracts from regional soccer federations by paying tens of millions of dollars in bribes.', u'Argentine media reported the father and son were in Argentina but their precise whereabouts were unknown.', u'Police in the city of Bolzano, Italy, said they arrested Burzaco after he turned himself in at the police station accompanied by his lawyers.', u"Burzaco was one of nine FIFA officials and five corporate executives indicted in the United States on May 27 on charges of racketeering and corruption, rocking the sport. Swiss police arrested seven past and current officials of world soccer's governing body FIFA at a luxury hotel in Zurich and they face  extradition to the United States.", u'Of the remaining seven, Burzaco is in Italy while the rest, from various parts of the Americas and the Caribbean, either cannot be traced, are out on bail or under house arrest.', u"Burzaco is also being investigated by Argentina's tax authority, which suspects him of tax evasion. He would have to be extradited from Italy, which is often slow and complicated, by either the United States or Argentina.", u'Burzaco gave no explanation as to why he was in Bolzano. Local media said he had rented a house outside the city and planned to request that he be given house arrest.', u'Burzaco was president of Argentine sports marketing firm Torneos y Competencias (Torneos), when he was charged. Hugo and Mariano Jinkis are controlling principals of Full Play, another sports media and marketing business headquartered in Argentina.', u"The Argentine judge who ordered the three men's arrest on May 28 said at the time that he did not know if they were in the country.", u"Argentine media widely published a tweet sent from Burzaco's Twitter handle five days before the hotel raid in which he wrote that he was in London on his way to Zurich. The feed was removed after the charges were announced.", u'Torneos said in a statement on June 3 that board members had decided to remove Burzaco. Torneos also said it authorized company records to be preserved and to assist with the investigations.', u'(Reporting by Antonella Cinelli and Gavin Jones in Rome and Hugh Bronstein and Luis Ampuero in Buenos Aires; Editing by Larry King and Grant McCool)']), ([u'Alves Agrees Two-Year Barca Contract Extension'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Barcelona defender Dani Alves has agreed a two-year contract extension to the end of the 2016-17 season with an option for a further year, the Spanish and European champions said on Tuesday.', u"Alves, a Brazil international, joined Barca from Sevilla in 2008 and has played a key role in a golden period for the Catalan club, winning 19 trophies including three Champions Leagues, five La Liga titles and three King's Cups.", u"The 32-year-old has made 343 appearances and is one of seven players who won a treble of Europe's elite club competition and the domestic league and Cup in both 2008-09 and again in 2014-15.", u'"I am really happy," Barca left back Jordi Alba told a news conference at Spain\'s training base outside Madrid on Tuesday.', u'"He is a great person and one of the best professionals I have shared a dressing room with," he added. "I didn\'t really know what he was planning to do but I am really pleased as he is a very important player for us."', u'One of the most popular members of the squad and a close friend of Argentina forward Lionel Messi, Alves will face stiff competition for his place at right back after Barca signed Aleix Vidal from Sevilla on Sunday.', u'Spain international Vidal will, however, be unable to play until January as Barca have been banned by FIFA from the transfer market until then over irregularities in the signing of foreign under-18 players.', u'(Writing by Iain Rogers, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Malaysia's Pandelela Sets Sights High After SEA Games Success"], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  With Southeast Asia conquered again, Pandelela Rinong, the brightest star in Malaysia's crack diving team, has set her sights on bigger things.", u"The diminutive 22-year-old won the women's 10-metre platform gold medal at the SEA Games on Tuesday for the fourth time in a row, proving beyond any doubt that she's the top female diver in the region.", u'But Pandelela hardly had enough time to dry herself off before she turned her attention back to her ultimate goal - to conquer the world.', u'She has come close before. At the 2012 London Olympics, she finished third in the individual platform final, becoming the first woman from Malaysia to win an Olympic medal.', u"In 2009 and 2013 she won bronze medals in synchronized diving at the world championships. Pandelela also won a silver medal at last year's Commonwealth Games and a bronze at the Asian Games despite battling a knee injury in the lead-up to both events.", u'While she been stockpiling plenty of medals, her near-misses at the highest level have only strengthened her resolve to become the best in the world.', u'"These SEA Games have given me the motivation to train harder for the world championships and to qualify for the Rio Olympics," she said.', u'"It\'s kind of hard to maintain that but I always try to focus and train harder than the others."', u"To achieve her life's dream, Pandelela has decided to give up synchronized diving and focus all her attention on the individual event.", u'She is also working on a new, more complicated, dive that she hopes will get her enough points to get over the top of her main rivals from China.', u'At the SEA Games, she stuck with her normal routine, starting with a forward three-and-a-half somersault that impressed the judges.', u'She messed up her entry on her next dive, a backward two-and-a-half somersault, but entered the water cleanly in her remaining three dives to win easily, nearly 50 points more than her nearest rival.', u"Pandelela's next target is this year's world championships in Russia, where she hopes to unveil a new backward two-and-a-half somersault that she's been working on in training but hasn't tried in competition yet.", u'"My target this year is to learn a new dive," she said.', u'"I don\'t have much time to learn it so I just continued with my old routine (at the SEA Games).', u'"But I hope for this (next) world championship I will try to learn a new dive."', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Salazar Denies Doping Allegations'], [u'(Reuters) - American coach Alberto Salazar on Tuesday denied allegations of doping made by the BBC, which he accused of "inaccurate journalism" which was adversely affecting his Olympic medallists Mo Farah and Galen Rupp.', u"An investigation by the BBC television programme Panorama in association with American website ProPublica alleged that Salazar had given Farah's training partner Rupp the banned anabolic steroid testosterone.", u'But the Cuban-born coach, who has worked as a consultant to UK Athletics for two years, plans to respond in detail to the accusations as soon as possible.', u'"I have said all along that I believe in a clean sport, hard work and I deny all allegations of doping," he said in a statement.', u'"The BBC and ProPublica have engaged in inaccurate and unfounded journalism, with a complete lack of regard for both Galen and Mo.', u'"Given the time and effort the BBC and ProPublica committed to making these false allegations I hope that media and fans will afford me a short time to show the accusers are knowingly making false statements.', u'"I will document and present the facts as quickly as I can so that Galen and Mo can focus on doing what they love and have worked so hard to achieve."', u'Briton Farah, 32, won the 5,000 and 10,000 metres double at the 2012 London Olympics. American Rupp, 29, took the silver medal in the 10,000.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'BT Steps Up Pay-TV Battle With European Football Offer'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Britain's BT raised the stakes in its battle with arch-rival Sky on Tuesday by making European Champions League football matches available for free to its television customers.", u'The move, after BT outbid Sky to the exclusive UK rights to the competition by paying a record 897 million pounds, is the latest bet by the telecoms firm on using the appeal of football clubs such as Barcelona and Bayern Munich to draw in customers to its TV and broadband packages.', u"Revealing its plans to the strains of Handel's Zadok the Priest, the tournament's theme tune, BT said customers who take BT TV would be able to watch Champions League matches for free, while those who take BT Broadband could see them for 5 pounds per month.", u'With 7.7 million broadband customers and 1.14 million TV customers, BT is betting it can persuade more subscribers to upgrade to also take a TV service, where customer loyalty and customer bills tend to be higher.', u'The offer may also help to persuade some Sky customers, and those on other platforms such as Virgin Media and TalkTalk, to move over to BT for the full suite of telephony, fibre broadband and TV.', u'"We view the launch as positive for BT with aggressive pricing aimed to gain subscriber momentum," said RBC Capital Markets analyst Michael Bishop. "We see this as incrementally negative for Sky."', u'Bishop rates BT shares as "outperform" and Sky\'s as "underperform". At 1505 GMT, BT stock was up 0.3 percent at 440 pence, while Sky\'s was down 1.3 percent at 1,013 pence.', u'NEW CHANNEL', u'The 169-year-old BT stunned the sporting world in 2012 when, having recovered from two major profit warnings in 2008 and 2009, it won the rights to show 38 live English Premier League matches a season, its first foray into sports.', u'It trumped that in 2013 when it won the right to show all the Champions League matches from 2015 to 2018, paying more than double the previous price to beat Sky and free-to-air broadcaster ITV.', u'Its sports channels can now be seen in 5.2 million homes, helped by wholesale deals.', u'"BT Sport is delivering exactly the kind of growth that we anticipated," said BT Consumer CEO John Petter, explaining that his division had seen five consecutive quarters of top and bottom-line growth, helped by demand for sports.', u'Revealing its line-up for the games, it named former England captain Gary Lineker as a presenter alongside playing stars Steven Gerrard and Michael Owen and managers Glenn Hoddle and Harry Redknapp, who will work as pundits.', u'The group also said it would launch a new Ultra High Definition channel to showcase its live sport, threatening to steal the mantle of technological innovation from Sky which has helped it to become the dominant pay-TV provider in Britain.', u'Sky, which has the rights to the majority of the domestic Premier League matches, has said audiences for European football nights have dwindled in recent years as English clubs largely failed to reach the latter stages of the tournament.', u'But analysts believe Sky could face some push back from customers who question why they should pay so much when one of the biggest events in the sporting calendar is no longer available on its platform.', u'($1 = 0.6545 pounds)', u'(Editing by Paul Sandle and Mark Potter)']), ([u'Underdog Almaty Makes Good Showing in 2022 Bid Presentation'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  The race for the 2022 Winter Olympics may not be as one-sided as many had thought.', u'With Beijing long viewed as the favorite in the two-city contest, the Kazakh bid from Almaty made a strong showing with IOC members Tuesday, presenting itself as the candidate that offers a "real" winter setting with plenty of natural snow.', u'"I think the Almaty presentation scored some points," U.S. Olympic Committee chairman and IOC member Larry Probst said. "They drove home the message \'keeping it real.\' That was all about snow versus making snow. I think that resonates."', u'With the IOC vote less than two months away, leaders of the Almaty and Beijing bids made presentations at a "technical briefing" at the Olympic Museum in Lausanne. The meetings were attended by 85 of the International Olympic Committee\'s 101 members.', u'The closed-door presentations could play a vital role in influencing opinion ahead of the secret IOC ballot in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, on July 31. Almaty and Beijing are the only candidates left in the race after four European cities pulled out for political or financial reasons.', u'Almaty, a city in Central Asia that is much lesser known to IOC members than Beijing, had the most to gain. It seemed to make the greater impact Tuesday by getting its message across to the members, who suggested the race may now be much tighter than expected.', u'"It\'s too early to say but it\'s going to be close," Swiss IOC member and international ski federation president Gian Franco Kasper said.', u'Each city was given 45 minutes to explain their bid plans, with another 45 minutes allotted for questions and answers. Almaty went first, followed by Beijing.', u'"I was very, very agreeably surprised," Canadian IOC member Dick Pound told The Associated Press after Almaty\'s presentation. "I think they attracted the attention of people who may not have been convinced before. It looks to me like they figured out all of the weaknesses of the competitors and they just nailed the differences \u2014 snow, water, air, experience."', u"The IOC released a technical evaluation report last week that listed serious challenges facing both bids, including Beijing's lack of natural snow and heavy reliance on water supplies for snow-making. For Almaty, it noted financial risks and limited experience in hosting major international events.", u'Both cities sought to address those concerns, while also pitching their strengths.', u'"We shared all of our ideas on Beijing\'s bid for the Winter Olympics and fortunately all of our strengths were recognized by the IOC members," Chinese Vice Premier Liu Yandong said. "After this conversation with the IOC, we are now filled with even more confidence in our bid."', u'With Beijing aiming to become the first city to host both summer and winter games, Chinese officials played up the experience and legacy from the 2008 Olympics. They also positioned Beijing as a safe and reliable bid and one that will help develop winter sports in a market of more than 300 million people in northern China.', u'IOC President Thomas Bach said both bids embraced the "Olympic Agenda 2020" reforms that seek affordable games and maximum use of existing facilities.', u'"We have seen two bids which respect very much the sustainability of the Olympic Games ... and which respect very much that the organization of the Olympic Games has to be affordable," he said.', u'The Almaty bidders said they have 70 percent of the facilities in place, with all venues within a 30-kilometer (18-mile) radius, and can draw on the experience of hosting the Asian Winter Games in 2011 and the Winter University Games in 2017.', u'"Don\'t forget, Almaty is a winter sports city," bid vice chairman Andrey Kryukov said. "We\'re created for winter sports."', u'The Kazakh bid team also showed photo after photo of mountains and slopes covered in deep snow \u2014 as much a dig at Beijing as a promotion for Almaty.', u'"They certainly nailed the bit about snow," IOC vice president Craig Reedie of Britain told the AP. "They had pictures of people climbing through three feet of snow."', u'Reedie said Kazakh Prime Minister Karim Massimov gave an impressive performance that included a keen sense of humor. The Almaty delegates all spoke in English, while some of the Beijing team spoke in Chinese.', u"Addressing concerns over Kazakhstan's long-term financial stability, Kryukov said the country has a national oil fund of $75 billion.", u'"It\'s increasing and increasing," he said. "This is cash."', u'Zhang Li, a deputy director of the Beijing bid, said the Chinese mountain venues have "appropriate temperatures, abundant water supplies and reliable, existing snow-making facilities."', u'He said the Beijing bid has three major sources of water supplies for the snow and ice venues.', u'"We are very confident about the supply of water," he said, adding that the total amount of water used for snow-making for the games would represent only 1 percent of the annual water supply in the region.', u'Beijing Major Wang Anshun, president of the bid committee, said two of the mountain venues "already have air quality that is entirely ideal for outdoor sports." He added that China has a $130 billion five-year plan for fighting smog.', u'"We are entirely confident we will achieve air quality that meets WHO standards," he said.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Graham Dunbar contributed to this report.']), ([u'Team Rebuilding an Urgent Need for World Cup Hosts Qatar'], [u"(Reuters) - As Qatar continues its vast construction projects to prepare the tiny Gulf nation to host the 2022 World Cup, the slow rebuilding work of the country's football team puts them in danger of missing the showpiece deadline.", u'Despite heavy investment on new coaches and the Aspire Academy to nurture young players, success has been limited and the naturalising of foreign talents has also failed to bridge the gap.', u"With seven years until the World Cup comes to the Middle East for the first time, last week's draw with Northern Ireland and loss to Scotland show Qatar are a long way short of competing with heavyweights like Argentina and Germany.", u"Uruguayan Jose Daniel Carreno is the latest coach to be charged with putting together a team able to compete with the world's elite. He is the seventh manager Qatar have employed since hosting and exiting the 2011 Asian Cup at the quarter-finals -- their joint best performance.", u'On Thursday, Carreno and the 97th ranked side will kick-off their bid to qualify for a first World Cup when they open their Group C campaign in the holiday islands of the Maldives.', u"The fixture comes against a growing clamour questioning the legitimacy of Qatar's right to stage the 2022 World Cup as U.S. investigators continue with corruption cases at FIFA following a series of arrests of high ranking officials.", u'Qatar have long denied any wrongdoing in their bid which surprisingly beat South Korea, Japan, Australia and the United States in a 2010 vote.', u'As the FIFA fallout continues, Carreno only has eyes on negotiating through a group also containing Hong Kong, Bhutan and China to move through to the next stage of Asian qualifying.', u'"Right now we are just worried about Russia," Carreno told Scotland\'s STV when asked about the 2022 tournament.', u'"Qatar has no history of playing in World Cups and we\'re only concerned with trying to qualify the national team to go to Russia.', u'"It\'s all about the World Cup qualifier in Maldives and making the tournament after that."', u'Carreno had been working with local club Al Arabi before stepping up to replace Algerian Djamel Belmadi, who did lift the Gulf Cup of Nations title in November but oversaw a dismal Asian Cup campaign in January and left.', u'The Maroons limped out of the tournament in Australia at the group stage following defeats by Iran, Bahrain and the United Arab Emirates.', u'The next generation are faring little better.', u'Last week, the under-20 team also lost all three games at the World Cup in New Zealand to exit at the group stage.', u'The Olympic under-23 side were bottom of their group at the Toulon tournament last week following losses to United States, Netherlands and host and eventual winners France.', u"Felix Sanchez, head coach of Qatar's under-20 side most of whom lifted the under-19 Asian title last year, said he hoped the international experience would benefit the players.", u'"I think we need to understand that it was a big success for the country and the players to play at the FIFA U-20 World Cup," the Spaniard said.', u'"Hopefully we will use this experience and move forward."', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore. Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'England Lack Passion and Character, Says Gascoigne'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Former England hero Paul Gascoigne has said the current team under Roy Hodgson lack the passion he was famous for, and that he cannot bear to watch much football these days because he misses playing so much.', u'Gascoigne, 48, appeared 57 times for England and more than 400 times for clubs such as Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur, Lazio and Rangers.', u'He retired in 2004, struggling with alcoholism and personal problems, and is promoting this week a new documentary film "Gascoigne" about his life and career.', u'"I hardly try and watch games because I still wish I was playing," he said in a BBC radio interview.', u'"I cannot handle watching players getting lots of money and not putting 100 per cent in. The fans paid for my house, my car, my holidays - but I\'ve seen players score a goal, even for England, and just walk back.', u'"There are young kids there seeing that and thinking it means nothing to score goals. I don\'t like that."', u'He took up that theme in an interview with the Daily Mail, saying of England\'s widely criticised goalless draw with Ireland on Sunday, "Where was the intensity? Where were the characters in this England team? Nowhere.', u'"I would be in the England dressing-room with Bryan Robson and Terry Butcher and they would be screaming \'nobody comes into my house and takes anything\'."', u'Another England player of that era, Kenny Sansom, was reported on Sunday to be a homeless alcoholic.', u'Gascoigne said he tried to assist his former team-mate but added: "I can\'t help him, no-one in the world can help unless he puts his hand up and says he needs help."', u'(This story refiles to fix a typo in the seventh para)', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue)']), ([u'Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing'], [u"(Reuters) - Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing.", u'The former world number one signed off with a two-over-par 74 at Muirfield Village on Sunday, a day after struggling to a career-worst 85 in the prestigious event hosted by Jack Nicklaus.', u'Woods has 10 days until the opening round of the ', u" at Chambers Bay in Washington State but he firmly believes that is enough time to complete his preparations for the year's second major.", u'"There\'s plenty of time," Woods told reporters on Monday in a satellite teleconference from his home in Jupiter, Florida.', u'"I needed tournament golf and it was nice to have Memorial in there and to be able to play a golf course that\'s that difficult, that hard, that demanding from tee to green."', u"Woods, who was speaking on media day for the PGA Tour's Quicken Loans National which he hosts, is still adapting to the fifth swing change of his professional career, this time with consultant Chris Como.", u'"I\'ve had times like this in my life where I\'ve gone through these periods, but you just have to fight through it," said the 39-year-old American, who has played just five tournaments this season.', u'"I\'m committed to what I\'m doing and committed to the changes. Once I start to snowball and start getting more solidified, then that\'s when things start coming together."', u'Woods, who finished last at the Memorial Tournament with a 14-over total of 302, said the work on his swing continued to be a progression of "baseline shifts" to build up his game.', u'"You just don\'t go from one to 10," said Woods, who claimed the most recent of his 14 major titles at the 2008 U.S. Open. "We\'re taking it one, two, three, four ... making baseline shifts, that\'s what Chris and I were just calling it.', u'"I\'m very proud of the fact that I stuck with my game plan ... and I was finally able to hit the shots on Sunday that we\'ve been looking for.', u'"At one point I got it to three under par and lost it coming home, but I showed signs of what we\'re working on was starting to come together, and that was pretty exciting to see."', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u'Short Story: MLB Draft Opens With 3 Shortstops for 1st Time'], [u'SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  Long night, short story.', u'When the Arizona Diamondbacks selected Vanderbilt slugger Dansby Swanson with the top pick in the Major League Baseball draft Monday, it marked the start of a record run on shortstops.', u'Houston had the second choice and scooped up Alex Bregman from LSU. Colorado then made it 3 for 3 by tabbing Florida high schooler Brendan Rodgers.', u'On the 50th anniversary of the inaugural draft in 1965, it was the first time the top three picks all played the same position \u2014 besides pitcher.', u'A fourth shortstop went No. 10 overall, with Philadelphia grabbing Georgia high schooler Cornelius Randolph. In all, a record-tying eight shortstops were taken in the first round (the top 36 picks), matching the number selected in 1971 and 2002.', u'What a day it was for Swanson and the Commodores. Just a few minutes after Vanderbilt beat Illinois to return to the College World Series, the Diamondbacks made Swanson the No. 1 pick.', u'The allotted signing bonus for that slot? More than $8.6 million.', u'"You can\'t really script a moment better than that. It was pretty phenomenal," Swanson said.', u'A little while later, two of his college teammates were chosen in the first round as well.', u'Carson Fulmer went eighth to the Chicago White Sox, and fellow right-hander Walker Buehler was picked 24th overall by the Los Angeles Dodgers. The trio made the Commodores the fifth college program to have three players selected in the opening round.', u'No wonder Vanderbilt is headed to Omaha to defend its national championship.', u'Here are some other things to know about the initial night of the amateur draft, which encompassed 75 picks at MLB Network studios:', u'FAMILY TIES', u"Houston kept it all in the family with the fifth pick, taking Florida high school outfielder Kyle Tucker \u2014 the younger brother of Astros outfielder Preston Tucker. Kyle Tucker broke his brother's school record with 31 career homers.", u'With the first selection in the second round, the Astros went for another player with baseball bloodlines by choosing Georgia high school outfielder Daz Cameron, son of former All-Star Mike Cameron.', u"California high school third baseman Tyler Nevin, the son of 1992 No. 1 overall pick Phil Nevin, went next to Colorado. Texas high school third baseman Ke'Bryan Hayes, son of former big leaguer Charlie Hayes, went 32nd overall to Pittsburgh.", u'WORTH THE TRIP', u'All four prospects who attended the draft came off the board in the first round. The first to shake hands at the podium with new Commissioner Rob Manfred was Rodgers, as he pulled on a Rockies cap and jersey.', u"A roar went up in the room when Rodgers' name was announced. He said he had 22 friends and family members on hand, nearly all from Florida.", u'"Everyone\'s here," he said. "They\'re still in shock over there. So am I."', u"Though he's been compared to Rockies star shortstop Troy Tulowitzki, Rodgers said he's always looked up to retired New York Yankees great Derek Jeter. Rodgers said he even got a cherished chance to meet Jeter during his trip to the Metropolitan area for the draft.", u'"Just gave me a few tips and went on," Rodgers said. "Getting to meet him is unreal."', u'The other three players in attendance were New York high school outfielder Garrett Whitley, who went 13th to Tampa Bay; Indiana high school righty Ashe Russell, picked 21st by Kansas City; and Pennsylvania high school right-hander Mike Nikorak, chosen No. 27 by Colorado.', u'FAMILIAR FACES', u"Brady Aiken, last year's top pick, was selected by Cleveland at No. 17 despite having Tommy John surgery in March. Aiken was drafted by the Astros a year ago but did not sign, so Houston received the No. 2 slot this year as compensation. College of Southern Nevada right-hander Phil Bickford went No. 18 to San Francisco after failing to sign with Toronto in 2013 when he was the No. 10 pick.", u'RUNDOWN', u'The first round included 15 pitchers (12 right-handers, three lefties), eight outfielders, two catchers, two first basemen and one third baseman. College players comprised 19 picks, and there were 16 high schoolers.', u'Nine black players were chosen in the first round, and 17 on the first night overall \u2014 a percentage that pleased Manfred. MLB has been trying to help increase participation and improve opportunities among black players by implementing youth programs.', u'"I think it shows that some of the things that we\'ve been working so hard on are starting to bear fruit," Manfred said on MLB Network.', u'ON DECK', u'Rounds 3-10 will be held Tuesday and rounds 11-40 on Wednesday \u2014 both days via team conference calls.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Dennis Waszak Jr. and Associated Press Writer David Mercer in Champaign, Ill., contributed to this report.']), ([u'Bosnich Pleads Guilty to Rash Driving Charge, Dodges Conviction'], [u'(Reuters) - Former Australia goalkeeper Mark Bosnich has escaped conviction after pleading guilty to a charge of reckless driving in a road rage incident that left a cyclist injured last year.', u'Bosnich, who played for Manchester United, Chelsea and Aston Villa in the English Premier League and now works as a TV football pundit in his home country, was charged after he knocked the cyclist from his bike when driving a BMW in Sydney a year ago.', u"Bosnich was given a one-year 'good behaviour bond', a form of probation in Australia, without conviction by Sydney's Downing Centre court.", u'Magistrate Michael Price said his offence was on the "lower end of culpability" and that he was a man of good character, local media reported.', u'"It was a misjudgment and now we can all put it behind us," local media quoted Bosnich as saying outside the court.', u'(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Lightning Beat Blackhawks in Game 3 of Stanley Cup'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  So much for Ryan Callahan's quiet postseason. The veteran forward is making a lot of noise in the Stanley Cup Final.", u"Callahan had a goal and an assist in Tampa Bay's 3-2 victory over the Chicago Blackhawks in Game 3 on Monday night. He has four points in the series after totaling four points in his first 19 games in the playoffs.", u'"He\'s a gamer," Lightning coach Jon Cooper said. "That\'s the word. He\'s a gamer."', u'Callahan was acquired in a 2014 trade that sent Martin St. Louis to the New York Rangers in a rare exchange of team captains. He then re-signed with Tampa Bay after the season.', u"Callahan missed Game 6 of the Lightning's second-round series against Montreal after he had an emergency appendectomy. But he returned in time for the opener of the Eastern Conference finals against New York and scored his first goal of the playoffs in Game 6 against the Rangers.", u'"No secret why he was captain of the New York Rangers," Cooper said. "You need guys that can play the 200 feet and make sacrifices for the team. When things aren\'t going well personally or statistically, they find a way. It\'s no secret with the acquisition of Ryan, believing in what we were doing, so he re-signed here, getting all those other guys that have been to the dance before, that\'s a big reason why we\'re here."', u"Callahan got a terrific stretch pass from Victor Hedman and sent a big drive over Corey Crawford's left shoulder at 5:09 of the first in Game 3. It was the fourth straight time that Tampa Bay got the first goal.", u"Callahan also had an assist on Cedric Paquette's winning goal at 16:49 of the third, capping a big night for his line as the Lightning grabbed a 2-1 lead in the final.", u'"We put a lot of pressure on ourselves going into this series," Callahan said of his line. "We knew we had to contribute more if we\'re going to have success against a very talented Chicago team. So far, we\'ve done that, but we\'ve accomplished nothing yet. Our production and our defense has to continue."', u'Brad Richards and Brandon Saad scored for the Blackhawks, and Corey Crawford finished with 29 stops. Marian Hossa had two assists after he missed a golden opportunity in the first period.', u'"I think we have a lot of confidence in our team," defenseman Duncan Keith said. "Obviously we don\'t like being down, but we\'ve been down many times before. I think, like I said, once we tighten up on certain things we know that we\'re going to get a little more offense when we\'re better defensively too."', u'Here a couple more things to watch heading into Game 4 on Wednesday night:', u'MISSING STARS: Chicago captain Jonathan Toews and teammate Patrick Kane have combined for one point so far in the series. The Blackhawks need more production from their biggest stars to turn away the high-scoring Lightning.', u"GUTSY EFFORT: Ben Bishop made 36 saves for the Lightning after he was questionable coming into the game. The 6-foot-7 goaltender left two different times during the third period of Tampa Bay's 4-3 victory in Game 2 on Saturday night. The team has not provided a reason for his twin departures, but he appeared to be dealing with some sort of groin or leg injury as he struggled to get up and down for much of Game 3.", u'"He was huge for us tonight," Hedman said. "There was a little bit of adversity going into tonight, but I think he showed how good he was and how healthy he is."', u"ODUYA'S NIGHT: Blackhawks defenseman Johnny Oduya missed the last part of the second, but returned for the start of the third period. Any injury for one of Chicago's top four defensemen could play a pivotal role in the series.", u'"We\'ll see," coach Joel Quenneville said when asked about Oduya after the game. "We\'ll see tomorrow how he presents."', u'AN UNCOMFORTABLE POSITION: The winning team has rallied in each game. Chicago trailed 1-0 before scoring two goals in the third in Game 1. Tampa Bay was down 2-1 in the second period of Game 2, and 2-1 in the third period of Game 3.', u'A RARE HOME LOSS: Chicago dropped to 7-2 at home in the postseason. The Blackhawks have lost just six of their last 32 home playoff games.', u'"Just a couple of little bad habits that ended up hurting us," Toews said. "We\'re all responsible for that."', u'___']), ([u'Despite Mystery Ailment, Bishop Steals Win for Tampa Bay'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Ben Bishop's long white goalie pads were laid face down in front of his empty locker, a skate left splayed behind each one. To say it looked like the Tampa Bay netminder was in a hurry to escape the scene of a crime would hardly be an exaggeration.", u"That's because Bishop stole Game 3 of the Stanley Cup finals Monday, making 36 sometimes-shaky saves in a 3-2 victory, while coping with a mystery ailment that he and his team have gone to comic lengths to avoid revealing. He kept the Lightning in the game early, then got his payback when defenseman Victor Hedman made his second sublime assist of the contest, pulling Chicago's defense apart before sliding the puck from the left face-off circle with just over three minutes remaining to an onrushing Cedric Paquette.", u"Paquette's one-timer proved to be the game-winner, putting Tampa Bay ahead 2-1 in the series. Game 4 is Wednesday night.", u'"This is really his coming-out party," Lightning coach Jon Cooper said about Hedman. "He was a monster tonight."', u"Hedman set up Tampa Bay's opening goal with a 120-foot pass from just left of his own net to Ryan Callahan just outside the Chicago blue line. Callahan carried it to the right circle and beat Chicago's Corey Crawford with a slap shot just over his glove.", u'But the Blackhawks might as well have stuck a one-way sign in the slot after that, taking 12 of the next 13 shots, with both Marian Hossa and Teuvo Tervainen missing empty nets.', u'"We had two empty nets and couldn\'t capitalize on either one," Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said afterward.', u'"It looks like he\'s got some issues," he said about Bishop, even more ruefully, "but we just didn\'t get enough pucks on the net."', u'At one point during the first period, during which the Hawks piled up a 19-7 advantage in shots, Bishop struggled to get to his feet. Then, just inside the six-minute mark, he let a slap shot from Brad Richards trickle out of the webbing of his glove and into the net to tie the game 1-1.', u'"In the first, I gave away way too many rebounds. As the game went on," Bishop said, "I felt more comfortable."', u"The biggest in-game threat to his health came from Chicago forward Brandon Saad, who forced a takeaway in the Tampa Bay zone and rushed the net. As he plowed into the crease and Bishop, Saad's left arm crashed into the keeper's helmet, flattening Bishop and earning a penalty for goalie interference.", u"Although Bishop lay on the ice for a minute recovering, no one even asked about that crash afterward. Instead, Tampa Bay's paranoid responses to queries about Bishop's previous injury \u2014 which has already dominated the series discussion since he was pulled at the end of Game 2 \u2014 continued without let-up.", u'Cooper said he met with the goalie several times during the day, not giving Bishop the OK to start until a final "eye test" just before the game.', u'"We talked a few times," Bishop acknowledged. "It was going to take a lot not to play in the Stanley Cup."', u'Asked whether he was risking long-term damage to his health, he added, "I don\'t know."', u'Cooper said he "would not put anyone in the game in harm\'s way." But when asked point-blank what was the "it" he referred to repeatedly when discussing Bishop, Cooper simply smiled and said, "That will have to wait for when this series ends."', u"Against a Blackhawks team that still boasts the core of two Stanley Cup-winning sides, more than a few hockey experts predicted the Lightning would be hanging on by their fingernails at this point. But they've kept Chicago's offense in check \u2014 especially stars Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane, who have only a point between them \u2014 and flipped the script, using the lack of respect as a mantra.", u'"He\'s been off the charts," Brian Boyle said about Hedman, "but really, we\'ve had a bunch of guys like that here the last two years. We get to see that every day in practice. But now that we\'re on national TV, it seems like everybody else is catching up."']), ([u'Americans Shake Off Jitters; Obama Addresses Scandal'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Forgive the United States for some opening night jitters.', u'The team got off to a slow start \u2014 several players called it "choppy" \u2014 but broke open a 1-all tie with Australia after the first half for a 3-1 victory in the World Cup opener on Monday night. Megan Rapinoe scored twice for the U.S. women.', u'"It was the first game, and there are some players out there who haven\'t played in a big tournament before," midfielder Carli Lloyd said. "I think we\'ll get better and better as each game goes on."', u"The win gives the second-ranked Americans three points to start play in Group D, the so-called Group of Death, after a 3-3 draw in the group's opening match between fifth-ranked Sweden and upstart Nigeria, ranked No. 33.", u'Next up for the United States is Sweden and former U.S. coach Pia Sundhage, which many are calling the most anticipated match of the group stage. But Sweden had trouble stopping a surprisingly fast Nigerian side.', u'Australian coach Alan Stajcic was impressed with the tenacity of the Super Falcons.', u'"I think they were fantastic today. They should have won that game based on the 40-50 minutes that I saw," Stajcic said.', u"Sweden plays the United States on Friday night, following Nigeria's match against 10th-ranked Australia, which came out inspired on Monday night before the Americans put it away.", u'U.S. coach Jill Ellis said she thought it was good to be challenged at the start of a tournament and survive.', u'"I think when the draw happened and people talked about the Group of Death, that was the one positive. You\'re not going to ease into these opening games," she said. "You\'ve got to be prepared from the very first whistle.', u'"So I think in terms of mentality, having tough matches and going into a halftime tied up, I think those things serve you well down the line."', u'WATCH YOUR HEAD: U.S. defenseman Ali Krieger, sidelined in April by a concussion she sustained in the season opener for her NWSL team, the Washington Spirit, wore a protective headband in the opening match.', u'The Halo headband, a product of Pennsylvania-based Unequal Technologies, is made with military-grade protective material designed to absorb and disperse impact to the head.', u'"I want to be safe," Kreiger said. "I\'m afraid that if I get hit again, I may have to hang up the boots, and I don\'t want to that. I want to be safe: It\'s bigger than me, it\'s about the team. It\'s about this World Cup."', u"OBAMA WEIGHS IN: The Women's World Cup is being played as FIFA deals with a scandal which U.S. prosecutors allege involves more than $150 million in bribes. FIFA President Sepp Blatter, who is not at the tournament, announced last week that he plans to resign.", u'President Barack Obama addressed the scandal Monday at the G7 Summit in Germany.', u'He could not comment on the specifics of the ongoing investigation, but did say that "as the investigation and charges proceed, I think we have to keep in mind that although football \u2014  soccer, depending on which side of the Atlantic you live on \u2014 is a game, it\'s also a massive business, it is a source of incredible national pride and people want to make sure that it operates with integrity.', u'"The United States, by the way, since we keep on getting better and better at each World Cup, we want to make sure that a sport that\'s gaining popularity is conducted in an upright manner."', u'NIKE SPOT: Nike is not a sponsor of the World Cup, but they are a sponsor of the United States team.', u'So while Nike can\'t officially say the words "World Cup" in any of their advertising, the Beaverton, Oregon-based company is still going hard for the American women.', u'Case in point is a new ad, appropriately enough called "American Woman" which debuted on YouTube on Monday, featuring Alex Morgan, Abby Wambach and other U.S. players.', u'MONDAY RECAP: In other matches Monday, Cameroon defeated Ecuador 6-0 and defending World Cup champion Japan beat Switzerland 1-0 in Vancouver, British Columbia, to kick off Group C play.', u'LOOKING AHEAD: There are four group-stage matches on Tuesday: France plays England before Colombia meets Mexico to open Group F play in Moncton, New Brunswick. In Montreal, Group E gets underway with Spain facing Costa Rica before Brazil plays South Korea.']), ([u'Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt: Hitters Need to Do the Shifting'], [u"It took teams close to 100 years to make the drastic defensive shifts we see now. And it's evident every day the effect they're having on offensive performance.", u"Back in the 1970s and '80s, defenses shifted on a handful of players, but only a bit. Against Willie Stargell and a few other lefty power hitters, the shortstop would move right of second base, and the second baseman played slightly on the outfield grass.", u'Nothing close to the current alignments.', u"Modest shifts, not much more than normal pull defenses, were standard against guys like Johnny Bench, George Foster, Andre Dawson and myself. The conservative nature of baseball coaching back then wouldn't support what they do today.", u'The dramatic changes are based on hitting patterns logged by scouts and MLB with stadium tracking technology. They can also measure the speed of batted balls and distance traveled. More information for us to enjoy!', u"With computer-generated hitting charts, managers can align defenses accordingly, shifting players from areas where hitters don't hit balls to the areas where they consistently do. Why not use this information to your advantage if it's available?", u'One would think the pitching plan would be one to entice hitters to hit into the shift. For example, overshifting on a left-handed pull hitter would require a pitcher to pitch inside and off-speed.', u'Quite the contrary: Shifts are against hitters that pull all pitches on the ground. Pitchers have the freedom to ignore the defense, understanding that all pitches hit on the ground will be pulled into the bunched fielders.', u"What about balls hit in the air? If you study shifted defenses, you'll see a normal outfield alignment, because these hitters have a different pattern on flyballs.", u"It's groundballs and line drives that once were hits that the shifts turn into outs.", u"Here's the best example of this. Ryan Howard has battled the shift all year. In recent years, he has become almost 100 percent pull right of second base on the ground, and straightaway in the air. Second basemen have moved to short right field and third baseman to second base.", u"I asked my broadcasting partners, who see him every day, how many hits they felt the shifts have taken away from him this year. The conservative answer was around 15. It could be 25, but let's use 15.", u'With those 15 hits, Howard would be hitting around .320 and would have many more RBIs. Understand, Howard has not had a year so far indicative of a $25 million player, and a big reason is the shift.', u'Each team has several players who are subject to defensive shifts. Most not as severe as Ryan Howard, but still exaggerated enough to stop normal safe hits. All of these hitters have lost significant hits and accompanied production, so what should they do?', u"Fans watch and scratch their heads as to why hitters just don't slap a ball where there are no fielders. There is some legitimacy to that argument. But from experience myself, I know that one, it's not that easy, and two, opposing managers want game-breakers to do just that, poke a ball the other way.", u'In fact, opposing managers want the temptation to "beat the shift" to be in the hitter\'s mind. The opposition wants the power guys to steer the ball to the opposite field on the ground, eliminating the home run or the ball driven in the gap. They want these hitters to alter their strokes.', u'The shift is designed to take away hits, of course, but it also entices hitters to abandon their game in favor of a base hit.', u'Going forward the question is will managers require hitters to learn to hit away from the shift when the situation asks for it? Leading off an inning when behind in the score, driving in a run with two outs, even learning to bunt a ball away from the shift might be required.', u'I use "required" very loosely in this day in age as sluggers seem to have a mind of their own, all out, all the time. Take it from one, nothing feels worse than trying to guide a fastball to the right side and hitting a weak popup.', u'One other element I find fascinating here is the effect this has on left-handed hitters. Since the beginning of baseball, lefty hitters have had a distinct advantage because the field runs counterclockwise. First base is to their right or pull side, allowing them to hit in the gigantic hole between first and second and be several steps closer to first base.', u"The defensive shift on that side has neutralized their advantage. Righties don't see that as much \u2014 the distance of the throw to first base from shallow left field prohibits drastic shifts that way.", u'One thing for sure, becoming a predominantly pull hitter is asking for trouble.', u"Again, look at Ryan Howard. The hits he's lost won't show up with an asterisk on the stat sheet. This is hard contact, balls that used to be hits that are now outs.", u'Howard is 35 years old and will have no interest in changing his style, nor will other power hitters in this same predicament.', u'I hope hitting coaches at the minor league level are aware of what pull hitters are facing and work to develop young hitters away from this style.', u'The concern about declining offense in baseball is real. Shifts are one reason, as is the steady development hard-throwing pitchers.', u"But take it from me, it's time hitters embrace this and accept the need for change. If this trend continues, a new normal is upon us.", u"Howard is a perfect example. By consistently hitting into the shift, he has no chance of reaching previous production levels. He is just one of many power hitters today who have a choice to make, and it won't be easy.", u"Finally, if you look at consistently successful offensive teams in baseball such as the Cardinals and Giants, you'll see clubs with fewer pull hitters. Hitters more difficult to defend, hitters that grind out at-bats, make contact, and play an offensive game that percentages favor. Defending these teams is difficult because they're unpredictable.", u"The hitting charts have dots everywhere, not just on the pull side. St. Louis and San Francisco, you won't see the shift against them so much.", u'Need I say more?', u'___', u"Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt was a three-time NL MVP and hit 548 home runs for Philadelphia. He is now part of the Phillies' broadcast crew."]), ([u'With Series Tied, What to Watch in Game 3 of the NBA Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  For the sixth consecutive year, the NBA Finals are tied after two games.', u"Sometimes that means a long series is coming, such as when Miami and San Antonio went the distance before LeBron James' magnificent Game 7 gave the Heat the title in 2013.", u'Or, as James knows, it may not.', u"The Heat and Spurs were tied again last year after Game 2, with the Heat feeling they could've won both games. San Antonio blitzed them from there, winning both games in Miami easily before wrapping it up in Game 5 at home.", u"Perhaps the Golden State Warriors can duplicate that and the NBA's best team in the regular season can find its game on the road. But with the way the Cleveland Cavaliers are defending in this series, that won't be easy.", u'"You know, we\'re going to come in with an aggressive mindset defensively and offensively," James said after Game 2.', u'"And for us to win a finals game shooting 32 percent from the field, it\'s just a testament of how gritty we can be. It has to be that for the rest of the series, no matter how many games it takes."', u'Game 3 is Tuesday night at Quicken Loans Arena, and here are some things to watch:', u"PIVOTAL GAME?: The Game 3 winner when the finals is tied 1-1 has gone on to win the series 31 of 37 times, according to information provided to the NBA by the Elias Sports Bureau. That stat hasn't meant much when James is involved. His Heat rallied to win the series in 2013 after dropping Game 3 to the Spurs, but lost to Dallas in 2011 after being ahead 2-1.", u'ROAD WARRIORS: Golden State lost home-court advantage but has proven it can win on the road. The Warriors set a franchise record with 28 road victories during the regular season and are 5-2 away from Oracle Arena in the playoffs.', u'Cleveland, though, has won 26 of its last 28 at home.', u'"I mean, we know it\'s going to be a tough Game 3. Every game against this team is going to be tough," Cavs guard Matthew Dellavedova said. "So while it\'s nice to be going back home, yeah, we\'re still going to have to do it out there on the court and, yeah, get ready to go."', u'PASS THE BALL: The Warriors had only 16 assists in Game 2 after finishing with 24 in Game 1, and they know they need to be closer to the latter number for their offense to click.', u'"They are playing good defense, but I think a lot of it is on us," guard Klay Thompson said after Game 2. "We\'re not playing like ourselves. We\'re not moving the ball like we should. We only had 16 assists. That\'s not us, man.  We usually get 20, 25 when we\'re playing great. So we\'ve got to move the ball better and trust each other."', u"MIGHTY MOZGOV: Timofey Mozgov averaged 16.5 points and 9.0 rebounds in the first two games, outplaying counterpart Andrew Bogut, but was on the bench for much of the latter part of Game 2. That's because the Warriors went with a small lineup, not because of the way the 7-foot-1 Russian has done wrong.", u'"Well, first of all, Moz played great. He played extremely well the in first game, too," Cavaliers coach David Blatt said.', u'MISFIRING MVP: Stephen Curry is 15 for 43 in the series, but after shooting 5 of 23 in Game 2, knows his shot can start falling in Cleveland.', u'"I\'m not going to let one game kind of alter my confidence," he said Sunday. "I know as a team we\'re not going to let one (game) alter our belief that we\'re going to win the series.', u'"We\'ve got to move on and be ready to play a good team that\'s ready to go home."', u'___']), ([u'Japan Minister Says Trouble-Plagued Olympic Stadium to Be Ready on Time'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japan\'s sports minister promised on Tuesday that Tokyo\'s new National Stadium, the centrepiece of the 2020 Summer Olympic Games, will be completed on time and blamed a "lack of clear responsibility" for the structure\'s raft of woes.', u'The new National Stadium has been hit by numerous problems, including skyrocketing costs and demolition delays that led to media speculation it might not be finished in time, prompting International Olympics Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach to say on Monday he wanted Japan to settle plans for it soon.', u'Hakubun Shimomura, who is also education minister, told reporters that a lack of clearly delineated overall responsibility may be partly to blame. The stadium is due to be used for the Rugby World Cup in 2019.', u'"For example, there were reports that completion might be delayed in April. If we\'d gotten those reports earlier I believe we might have been able to make a more flexible response," he said, without giving further details.', u'"We will not lose international trust," he added. "There are still four more years. We will deal with this and make sure it\'s on time."', u'An official at the Japan Sports Council, which is in charge of the stadium, agreed that it will be completed in time. "We are making every effort to that end," he added.', u'Japan in May established a new cabinet post for a minister who will be in charge of preparing for the Games, with the name of the new minister expected to be announced later this month.', u'Tokyo\'s Olympic bid promised a "compact Olympics," with a majority of venues within 8 km of the Olympic Village, but sharply rising construction and labour costs have forced a widespread revamping of its venue plans to make more use of existing facilities that are often farther away.', u'At an IOC meeting in Lausanne that ended on Monday, another eight venues were approved. Changes include the site for fencing, wresting and taekwondo, which will be at a site roughly 40 km from downtown Tokyo, and sailing, which will be about the same distance away at a venue used in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics.', u'But much of the controversy has centred around the stadium designed by Zaha Hadid, the architect behind the aquatics centre for the 2012 London Games, with critics saying from the start that its futuristic design was too large for its intended site.', u'Japan has since scrapped the planned retractable roof and made around 35 percent of the seats at the 80,000 seat stadium temporary ones in additional cost-cutting measures.', u'In May, Tokyo governor Yoichi Masuzoe lashed out at being asked to foot $400 million of the stadium cost, calling the cost "ridiculous." He and Shimomura have since remained at apparent odds over the issue.', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'TCU Back to CWS, Beats Texas A&M 5-4 in 16 Innings'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Garrett Crain was running toward third base with the ball in front of him. The TCU senior second baseman kept going all the way to the College World Series.', u'Crain scored from second base on an error in the 16th inning and the Horned Frogs are going to Omaha for the second year in a row after a 5-4 win over Texas A&M in a game that ended early Tuesday morning.', u'"The 16th inning, you have to try and force something. If that\'s the seventh of eighth inning, and that\'s the game-tying run or winning run like it was, maybe you don\'t do that," Crain said. "Being what it was, we have to score a run."', u"Crain drew a leadoff walk off Ryan Hendrix (6-4), the third time in extra innings TCU's No. 9 hitter led off and got on base. He got to second on a wild pitch with two outs, and scored when Evan Skoug hit a hard chopper on which third baseman Ronnie Gideon made a backhanded try.", u'The ball was briefly in his glove, and Skoug was credited with a single. But Crain rounded third after the ball dropped to the ground, even with third-base coach Bill Mosiello telling him to stop, and scored as Gideon threw wildly by the plate.', u'"That was just hard to watch, kind of slow motion," A&M coach Rob Childress said. "Don\'t field it cleanly there at third, and we\'ve got to make a rush throw, a tough throw, tough chance, tough pick and try to apply a tag. It\'s hard to swallow."', u'Crain crossed the plate right at 1 a.m., ending a game that took 5 hours, 55 minutes to play and finally give the Horned Frogs (49-13) the eighth and final spot in the College World Series.', u'"In 25 years of coaching, that\'s the best baseball game that I\'ve ever been part of," TCU coach Jim Schlossnagle said. "One of the greatest college baseball games ever. Had to be, considering what\'s on the line."', u'The Horned Frogs are going to Omaha for the third time in six seasons, and each time has needed a deciding third game in the super regional to advance. They won at Texas in 2010, and beat Pepperdine at home last season.', u'Mitchell Traver (9-2), the seventh TCU pitcher, struck out six over four innings in only his second relief appearance this season.', u"Michael Barash and Nick Banks homered for Texas A&M (50-14), the only of the five SEC teams that made it to super regionals that won't be at the College World Series.", u'Big 12 regular-season champion TCU plays Sunday against LSU, one of the four SEC teams that did make it to Omaha.', u'Texas A&M won 2-1 in 10 innings on Sunday to force the clinching game and also played two extra-inning games in the College Station regional a week earlier. The Horned Frogs advanced from their regional at home after their big comeback in the clincher, from seven runs down with four outs to go, to beat North Carolina 9-8 in 10 innings a week ago Monday.', u'The Aggies tied the game with two runs in the ninth without a hit, after standout but struggling closer Riley Ferrell hit the first batter and walked the next. Tyler Alexander walked the only batter he faced before the Aggies got even at 4-4 on consecutive RBI groundouts by Mitchell Nau and Logan Taylor after Preston Guillory came into the game.', u"TCU junior left-hander Alex Young, picked 43rd overall by Arizona in baseball's amateur draft, struck out 10 in 6 2-3 innings, scattering six hits while allowing only one run.", u'Alexander was taken later in the second round, 65th by Detroit, while Ferrell went undrafted through the first 75 picks completed Monday night.', u'TCU had the bases loaded with one out in the 14th when Skoug hit a liner that ricocheted hard off Hendrix. First baseman G.R. Hinsley, who had just entered the game as a pinch-hitter in the top of the inning, picked up and threw home for the force. Hendrix then got a couple of tosses to make sure he was OK before getting an inning-ending grounder.', u'That was the sixth time in seven innings that TCU had its leadoff hitter on base \u2014 and in scoring position \u2014 without scoring.', u'TCU left 16 runners on base, and Texas A&M stranded 17.', u'The matchup of former Southwest Conference foes, who passed each other on the way in and out of the Big 12, drew big crowds to Lupton Stadium. Texas A&M left the Big 12 for the SEC three years ago, at the same time TCU moved into the Big 12.', u"A record crowd of 7,199 was at Game 1 on Saturday, when TCU won 13-4, and that mark was bested by Sunday's crowd of 7,383 for the Aggies' 2-1 win in 10 innings. Monday night's attendance was 7,294 and most of them were still there when the game ended.", u'Even without the Aggies, the SEC still will have four teams in the College World Series for the third time (1997 and 2004), with defending national champion Vanderbilt, Florida, LSU and Arkansas there. The ACC in 2006 was the only other league to make up half the CWS field.']), ([u'Will USOC Stick With Boston, Give Up, or Pick Another City?'], [u'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. \u2014  The leaders of the U.S. Olympic movement will soon choose one of three roads to take on their increasingly tumultuous path toward a bid for the 2024 Olympics.', u'Stick with Boston, pull the plug or look elsewhere \u2014 probably to Los Angeles.', u"Each choice is fraught with political challenges and potential roadblocks, any of which could end in another humiliating American bid. It could also squander the political ground CEO Scott Blackmun and chairman Larry Probst have regained in the six years since the USOC hit its previous low after Chicago's last-place bid for the 2016 Games.", u"Since announcing Boston as the candidate in January, Blackmun has stayed steadfast, insisting the USOC is behind the city despite poor polling numbers, an aggressive group of protesters, shake-ups in Boston's leadership team and the steady stream of negative Olympic news that hits almost daily.", u'"We are 100 percent behind Boston\'s bid to host the 2024 Olympic and ', u'," Blackmun said in an oft-repeated statement. "Boston can deliver a great games. There is no truth whatsoever to the rumor that we have asked them to stand down, or that we are considering going to another city."', u"But his is not the only voice in the USOC boardroom, where the 16 members will convene June 30 to take their next defining step in a domestic selection process that must be finalized by Sept. 15. Board member Angela Ruggiero's suggestion last month at a Boston city council meeting that the city's bid was not a sure thing may have been ill-conceived but it almost certainly didn't come out of the blue.", u'Which is the best option? Consider the risks and benefits of each choice:', u'LOOK ELSEWHERE', u"THE SITUATION: As a two-time Olympics host, Los Angeles is the most logical choice. Some venues are already in place. Traffic, for better or worse, is not as big an issue as it would be in Boston. They would need some new infrastructure and, yes, even in breezy la-la land, there will be some public opposition. But the city that's looking to bring the NFL back is not one that would shy away from the limelight, or the criticism that comes with an Olympic bid.", u"HOW IT COULD PLAY OUT: If this is the direction the USOC goes, the board needs to be on the phone with this city's biggest players \u2014 mayor Eric Garcetti and superagent-power broker Casey Wasserman \u2014 within hours after adjourning on the 30th. It's a delicate balancing act. If it comes out before June 30 that the USOC is having conversations with Los Angeles \u2014 and Blackmun insists that's not the case \u2014 the Boston bid is dead.", u"END GAME: USOC leadership votes to sever ties with Boston and consider other options. All of that plays out behind closed doors, and maybe isn't even announced directly after the June 30 meeting. A week or two after the meeting, a deal with Los Angeles is announced in time to get everything pointed to making the IOC's Sept. 15 deadline.", u"RISK RATING: Sure, they'll lose some face, but this is as close to a safe bet as the USOC can get. A willing partner that has done it before and swoops in to save the day for the U.S. bid could score well among IOC leaders, too.", u'PULL THE PLUG', u"THE SITUATION: USOC leaders could decide it's all just too messy. Boston has already set a November 2016 referendum, at which voters will say 'yes' or 'no' to hosting the Olympics. Bid leaders have vowed to scrap the bid if it doesn't receive majority approval both statewide and in Boston. The USOC might see things trending this way and have no interest in being part of that sort of humiliation.", u'HOW IT COULD PLAY OUT: An awkward phone call with IOC president Thomas Bach, some tense negotiations to sever ties with Boston 2024, then, at some point, a news conference to announce the bid is over and the USOC will start looking at future Olympics.', u'END GAME: The USOC sets itself back at least a decade in the bidding game by withdrawing completely, whether by pulling the plug now or waiting for a referendum that loses. Making it worse is the slap in the face to Bach, who unveiled his new Agenda 2020 bidding measures in hopes of getting more countries involved.', u"RISK RATING: These are the sort of decisions that cost people jobs. But if they're convinced they're going to lose the referendum anyway.", u'STAY WITH BOSTON', u"THE SITUATION: Leaders vow full support of Boston, and say that with more than a year to explain how an Olympics can help the city, they're confident the referendum will turn out fine. This is the path of least resistance because it gives them time and is still something they could back away from.", u"HOW IT COULD PLAY OUT: It gives them another three months to monitor the poll numbers and if they're still weak come September, pulling the plug would still be an option. But finding a second city to plug in by the IOC's Sept. 15 deadline becomes more difficult the longer they wait.", u'END GAME: Best-case scenario is the bid makes it to the starting line in September, then the finish line in 2017, then competes against Rome, Paris and a few others. The way things have gone so far, Boston would be an underdog in that scenario, though getting to the finalist stage might feel like a victory of sorts.', u"RISK RATING: Pushes the uncertainty into the future and leaves everyone open to looking really bad. But also buys more time to make their case with the city's people and maybe even get a win."]), ([u'Marta, Formiga on Target for Brazil, France Beat England'], [u"(Reuters) - Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women\u2019s World Cup on Tuesday as Brazil vaulted to the top of Group E with a 2-0 win over South Korea, while Eugenie Le Sommer's superb long-range strike gave France victory over England.", u"Marta\u2019s second-half penalty was her 15th career goal at the competition and moved her past retired German forward Birgit Prinz's mark.", u"Team mate Formiga, playing in her sixth World Cup, set a mark of her own, the 37-year-old becoming the oldest player to score at the tournament when she put Brazil 1-0 up in the first half in Montreal.    The win moved Brazil top of Group E after Costa Rica and Spain drew 1-1 earlier in the day.    In Group F, France earned a 1-0 win over England thanks to speedy forward Le Sommer's first-half goal.", u'Le Sommer took advantage of a defensive mix-up by Katie Chapman and Laura Bassett to fire in thunderous shot from the edge of the area in the 29th minute.', u'In the same group, a goal from Daniela Montoya in the 82nd minute allowed Colombia to escape with a 1-1 draw with Mexico.', u'Montoya drilled home a shot from outside the penalty area to deny Mexico a first World Cup win.', u'Mexico face England in their next game while Colombia play France. Brazil next meet Spain and South Korea will shoot for their first World Cup win when they face Costa Rica.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Australia World Cup Bid Had No Chance, Says Lowy'], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  Australia\'s bid for the 2022 World Cup never stood a chance because their officials had not understood that votes were secured in back rooms according to "commercial interests", the country\'s soccer supremo Frank Lowy has said.', u'The bid for the 2022 finals awarded to Qatar has come under renewed scrutiny after the arrests in Switzerland of 14 soccer and media executives in a corruption scandal that has rocked global soccer governing body FIFA.', u"Swiss authorities are probing the bidding process for 2022 and the 2018 tournament awarded to Russia, while other World Cups, including last year's finals in Brazil and the 2010 edition in South Africa, are also under investigation by local authorities.", u"Australia's failed bid is also being probed by national police, sparking calls from local media for Football Federation Australia (FFA) president Lowy to step down until it is cleared of any wrongdoing.", u'Lowy, however, said Australia was guilty only of being naive in campaigning for a vote he described as effectively pre-determined.', u'"On the subject, did we have a chance or didn\u2019t we have a chance: As it turned out to be, it was a competition between various associations and some other associations ... nation states," the 84-year-old shopping center magnate told Sky News on Tuesday.', u'"The states talk to each other about their commercial and diplomatic interests. They agreed between each other what they do for each other as part of those negotiations.', u'"We know that now. At that time none of us had any idea it was done in secret, so we really had no chance.', u'"Us and other nations, associations competing with nation states ... There was no chance for us to win -- even if there was no corruption."', u"Australia's bid was criticized by FIFA's ethics committee last year in a summary of its investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.", u'Australia spent A$42 million ($32.27 million/21 million pounds) of public funds on its bid but secured only a single vote.', u'A separate A$500,000 payment by the FFA for a soccer facility in Trinidad and Tobago has come under heavy scrutiny after it was misappropriated by former FIFA power-broker Jack Warner, who was among the soccer officials arrested on bribery charges last month.', u"Though FIFA's World Cup bidding rules ban payments that might be intended to sway voting delegates, the governing body asks bidders to show their commitment to international development.", u'Lowy described that as a "contradiction" but conceded that Australia\'s payment was made with a view to seeking Warner\'s vote.', u'"We were trying to influence the whole world," Lowy said.', u'"He was one of those people that we hoped was going to vote for us but I think there were a lot of other countries who thought that also because he made promises to them, but he made no promises to me."', u"Nick Xenophon, a local lawmaker, has called for a parliamentary inquiry into Australia's bid.", u'Lowy said he would welcome an inquiry but had nothing new to share.', u'($1 = 1.3016 Australian dollars)', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Greg Stutchbury/Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u"Ethier, Rollins Hit 3-Run HRs in Dodgers' Win Over D-Backs"], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Andre Ethier and Jimmy Rollins hit three-run homers and Howie Kendrick had three hits in his return to the starting lineup, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9-3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night.', u"Mike Bolsinger (4-1) allowed two runs and three hits in seven innings, striking out eight and walking two after getting staked to a 9-0 lead. Ender Inciarte's fourth-inning single was the only hit against the right-hander until the sixth, when he gave up a leadoff walk to Nick Ahmed, a one-out infield hit by Inciarte and a two-run double by A.J. Pollock.", u"Pollock's hit snapped Bolsinger's season-opening string of 24 consecutive scoreless innings at Dodger Stadium.", u'Rubby De La Rosa (2-3) gave up nine runs and 10 hits over five innings in a matchup of pitchers going up against the teams they originally signed big league contracts with.', u'De La Rosa joined the Dodgers as a non-drafted free agent in July 2007. Bolsinger was selected by the Diamondbacks in the 15th round of the 2010 draft and went 1-6 with a 5.47 ERA in nine starts as a rookie last season before the Dodgers purchased his contract in November.', u'Kendrick, starting at second base for the first time in five games due to a left knee strain, opened the scoring in the first with an RBI single. He led off the fourth with another single \u2014 one of five consecutive Dodgers to reach base \u2014 and they padded their lead to 6-0.', u"Alex Guerrero and Ethier delivered RBI singles and Rollins drove De La Rosa's 2-1 pitch to center field for his seventh homer, ending a stretch of 79 at-bats in which he had only two RBIs \u2014 both of which came on homers against Atlanta's Nick Masset and Colorado's Kyle Kendrick.", u'Ethier made it 9-0 in the fifth with a first-pitch homer, his eighth of the season, after Kendrick singled for the third time and Yasmani Grandal doubled. De La Rosa has surrendered 24 runs, 29 hits and six homers in 21 innings over his last four starts, raising his ERA to 5.84.', u'Dodgers third baseman Justin Turner fouled a pitch hard off his left knee in the third inning and crumpled to the ground before head trainer Stan Conte and manager Don Mattingly went out to check on him.', u'Turner ran gingerly to first base on his flyball to short centerfield, but remained in the game until Alberto Callaspo replaced him defensively in the fourth with one out and runners at first and second. Bolsinger, who retired the Diamondbacks in order the first time through the lineup, escaped the threat unscathed by retiring Yasmany Tomas on a 6-4-3 double play.', u'DRAFT DAY', u"Diamondbacks: Had the first overall pick and selected SS Dansby Swanson, who played 2B for Vanderbilt's National Championship team last year and earned Most Outstanding Player honors in the College World Series. This was the first time the D-backs had the No. 1 selection since they took Justin Upton in 2005 out of Great Bridge High School in Chesapeake, Virginia and converted him from a shortstop into an outfielder.", u"Dodgers: Selected Swanson's Vanderbilt teammate, RHP Walker Buehler, 24th overall. This was the 12th time in the last 13 years that the organization tabbed a pitcher with its first pick, including Clayton Kershaw in 2006 and Chad Billingsley in 2003. The only non-pitcher during that stretch was SS Corey Seager in 2012 (18th overall).", u'UP NEXT', u'Diamondbacks: Robbie Ray (1-0) is making his third start since his recall from Triple-A Reno. He still has rookie status despite pitching in nine games last season for Detroit \u2014 six starts \u2014 and allowing 26 earned runs in 28 2-3 innings with a 1-4 record.', u'Dodgers: Carlos Frias (4-3) held the Diamondbacks to four hits in 5 1-3 scoreless innings on May 1 in an 8-0 victory. In six starts since then, he is 2-3 with a 5.19 ERA.']), ([u"Hedman's Passes Loom Large for Lightning in Game Three Win"], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  The Tampa Bay Lightning\'s 3-2 Game Three win over the Chicago Blackhawks in the Stanley Cup Finals on Monday was defender Victor Hedman\'s "coming-out party," according to Lightning coach Jon Cooper.', u'The imposing Swede, who stands 6 feet, 6 inches (198 cm), extended his franchise-record playoffs points total for defenseman with his second straight multi-assist game.', u'None of those assists was bigger than a third period helper when Hedman carried the puck deep into Blackhawks territory before passing it to centerman Cedric Paquette who beat goalie Corey Crawford in what proved to be the game winner.', u'"(Cedric) did a good job of crashing the net and trying to put it in there. That was a big goal, obviously, for us," Hedman said after the game in the locker room.', u'Hedman, 24, now has one goal and 13 assists during these playoffs, in addition to leading his team in ice time. Not afraid to throw around his big body, he added three hits and five blocked shots on Monday.', u'"Victor, he\'s just blossomed the last couple years," said Cooper. "I think just the way we play the game and our', u'structure is kind of tailor made for him. He\'s got pretty much free rein with me. He\'s got my trust."', u"Hedman also assisted on the Lightning's first goal, with a long stretch pass to set up Ryan Callahan, who slapped it past Crawford's short side.", u'"Words can\'t describe the force he\'s been for us out there," Lightning captain Steven Stamkos said of Hedman.', u"Tampa Bay's second win in a row over Chicago puts them only two wins away from capturing the Stanley Cup ahead of Game 4 on Wednesday.", u'(Editing by Steve Keating.)']), ([u'Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 on Monday, giving them a 2-1 lead in the Stanley Cup Final.', u'After a split of the opening two games in the best-of-seven series, Chicago looked like they would seize the advantage when Brandon Saad put them 2-1 up early in the third.', u'However, that lead was wiped out almost immediately when Ondrej Palat equalized 13 seconds later, and with a little over three minutes left, the home crowd were stunned into silence again when Cedric Paquette tipped in a slick Victor Hedman pass for the winner.', u"Tampa Bay goaltender Ben Bishop, who had to leave Saturday's Game 2 in the third period, appeared to have mobility issues at times but he kept the Lightning in the game, particularly in the first period, when the Blackhawks outshot their opponents 17-9.", u'"He held the fort down for us for about 15 minutes in that first period, really came up huge and a got a little lucky at times too,\u201d Tampa Bay defenseman Anton Stralman told reporters in the locker room.', u'Bishop would not discuss the nature of the injury, but said it was a game-time decision to let him play.', u'"It\'s going to take a lot to not play in a Stanley Cup Final game," said the goaltender in a news conference.', u'Bishop made 36 saves while Chicago netminder Corey Crawford made 29.', u'Ryan Callahan opened the scoring for Tampa Bay at 5:09 in the first, also on a feed from Hedman, the second overall pick in the 2009 draft who has become a dominant blue-liner.', u"Chicago center Brad Richards tied the score at 1-1 on a slapshot at 14:22, and in the second period it was Tampa Bay's turn to pepper the net, firing in 17 shots on Crawford.", u"The visitors had a two-man advantage for more than a minute when Bryan Bickell and Saad went to the box for penalties, but Crawford shut the door on the power play, which appeared to shift the momentum in Chicago's favor.", u'However, in a series where no team has held more than a one-goal lead, momentum has been fleeting and after Saad put Chicago ahead in the third, the Lighting wasted little time in turning the tables.', u'Chicago will host Game Four on Wednesday.', u'(Writing by by Cameron French Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Rookie Jungmann Shines in Debut as Brewers Top Pirates 4-1'], [u"PITTSBURGH \u2014  Taylor Jungmann expected the nerves. It's the part where they disappeared the second he stepped onto a major league mound for the first time that surprised him.", u'His funky delivery baffling the Pittsburgh Pirates for seven strong innings, the Milwaukee Brewers rookie breezed to his first win in the big leagues in a 4-1 victory on Tuesday night.', u'Called up earlier in the day, the 2011 first-round pick looked every bit the contributor the Brewers expected when they took him with the 12th overall pick four years ago. Jungmann gave up one run on three hits, striking out five against just one walk. Heady stuff for a guy who was just 2-3 with a 6.37 ERA in Triple-A this spring.', u'"That\'s as good as it gets," Milwaukee manager Craig Counsell said. "He just did a real nice job. The most impressive thing is he pounded the strike zone. He really did a good job in the strike zone, getting his fastball in the strike zone."', u"The way Jungmann did it helped, too. The towering 6-foot-6 right-hander throws the ball across his chest. It can give the impression that he's throwing it right at you instead of over the plate. The Pirates certainly looked baffled as they dropped their second straight.", u'"You have to give him credit," Pittsburgh shortstop Jordy Mercer said. "He was keeping us off-balance with his curveball and missing barrels. We hit a few balls hard off him, but nothing to show for it."', u'Starling Marte\'s 12th home run in the second was the only mistake by Jungmann. The 25-year-old admitted he might have been a little "overanxious" while warming up in the bullpen, but he appeared firmly in control as last-place Milwaukee sapped whatever momentum remained from a 13-3 surge by the Pirates that provided their season with a needed jolt.', u'The Brewers shut out Pittsburgh 2-0 behind Jimmy Nelson on Monday and Jungmann was nearly as sharp 24 hours later. His first major league strikeout was a pretty fastball on the inside corner to Andrew McCutchen to end the bottom of the first, and Jungmann kept right on going. Save for a brief stretch in the second when he gave up a solo homer to Marte, a double to Pedro Alvarez and hit Francisco Cervelli with a pitch \u2014 Jungmann had little trouble keeping the Pirates in check. He threw 61 of his 92 pitches for strikes.', u'"They were aggressive at the plate, which helped me out," Jungmann said. "It just made me want to throw more strikes and stay in the zone."', u'Jason Rogers and Aramis Ramirez each hit solo homers and drove in two runs for Milwaukee, which has won four of five. Francisco Rodriguez worked a perfect ninth for his 12th save.', u'Francisco Liriano (3-5) was nearly as crisp save for an 0-2 breaking ball that Rogers tucked into the first row of seats in left for a home run in the second and a quick strike by the Brewers in the seventh. Ryan Braun led off with a walk and went to third on a single up the middle by Carlos Gomez.  Braun scored on a chopper back to the mound by Ramirez and Rogers singled to center to make it 3-1.', u'Liriano ended up working eight innings, giving up three runs on five hits.', u'DRAFT DAYS', u"The Pirates went pitching heavy in the second day of the amateur draft, taking six collegiate pitchers in rounds 3-10, including RHPs Jacob Taylor (Pearl River Community College), JT Brubaker (Akron), Seth McGarry (Florida Atlantic), Brett Helton (Utah), Logan Sendelbach (Tiffin) and LHP Brandon Waddell (Virginia). Infielder Mitchell Tolman (Oregon) and OF Casey Hughston (Alabama) were the only position players taken by Pittsburgh on Tuesday. Helton's father Barry spent four years as a punter in the NFL, winning a pair of Super Bowls with the San Francisco 49ers in 1989 and 1990.", u'Milwaukee took a younger approach to the second day of the draft. The Brewers grabbed three high schools on Tuesday: RHPs Nash Walter (Lindale, Texas) and Karsen Lindell (West Linn, Oregon) and OF Demi Orimoyle (St. Matthews HS, Ontario, Canada). Milwaukee also selected collegiate players SS Blake Allemand (Texas A&M), RHP Eric Hanhold (Florida), 3B George Iskenderian (Miami), RHP Nate Griep (Kansas State) and LHP Jake Drossner (Maryland).', u'UP NEXT', u'The series wraps up on Wednesday when Kyle Lohse (3-6, 6.59) faces Charlie Morton (3-0, 2.84). Lohse is 11-5 with a 4.02 ERA in 25 games against the Pirates but is 0-2 versus Pittsburgh this season. McCutchen is a career .311 hitter against Lohse, with three homers and 11 RBI. Morton is unbeaten since coming off the disabled list last month following hip surgery. He went 0-2 against Milwaukee last season, with both defeats coming when Lohse started for the Brewers.']), ([u'Tulowitzki Powers Rockies to 11-3 Win Over Cardinals'], [u'DENVER \u2014  The Colorado Rockies picked up another highly touted shortstop through the draft Monday night. Their current one definitely took notice.', u'"Better get my act together," Troy Tulowitzki joked.', u"Of course, Tulowitzki doesn't have anything to worry about at the moment. Especially the way he's been hitting.", u'Tulowitzki hit a three-run homer in the first and David Hale threw seven effective innings, lifting the Rockies to an 11-3 win over the St. Louis Cardinals.', u'The All-Star shortstop has been on quite a tear over his last eight games, going 17 for 33 to raise his average from .266 to .310.', u'"I\'m getting better," Tulowitzki said. "But at the same time, I think I can be a lot better."', u'In the offseason, Tulowitzki was frequently mentioned in trade rumors. With the trade deadline next month, his name could be brought up again, even more so if the Rockies tumble out of contention.', u"With an eye toward the future, the Rockies took Brendan Rodgers with the No. 3 pick in the draft. Rodgers played shortstop for Lake Mary High School in Florida this past season and can't wait to start picking up some pointers from Tulowitzki.", u'Not so fast, though.', u'"Probably give him the cold shoulder," Tulowitzki quipped. "Keep that edge and make it tough for him."', u'Hale (2-0) was certainly tough on the Cardinals. The right-hander was recalled from Triple-A Albuquerque to make a spot start and retired the opening nine batters before surrendering a solo homer to Kolten Wong. Hale allowed three runs and struck out seven.', u'Nolan Arenado added a two-run homer as the Rockies roughed up John Lackey (4-4), who surrendered 10 runs \u2014 eight earned \u2014 and 12 hits in four innings. His ERA rose from 2.93 to 3.74.', u'"It was a bad night all the way around," Lackey said. "This is going to sting a little bit."', u'St. Louis had a scary moment in the second when left fielder Matt Holliday fell awkwardly trying to chase down a bloop double by Carlos Gonzalez. Holliday grabbed his right leg and lay on the ground before gingerly walking off. The team said he suffered a right quadriceps strain.', u'"We don\'t know the extent right now," Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said. "We\'ll just have to wait and see."', u"Things went sideways for the Cardinals on the first batter, when Wong flubbed Charlie Blackmon's routine grounder. That paved the way for a five-run frame, which included Tulowitzki's homer along with RBI singles from Nick Hundley and Brandon Barnes.", u"DJ LeMahieu and Ben Paulsen each finished with three hits to help the Rockies improve to 4-4 on their 10-game homestand. Gonzalez had the catch of the night in the seventh as he lunged head-first to snare Peter Kozma's sinking liner in shallow right.", u'In an 11-3 game, no less.', u"Hale was brought back up to join a rotation thinned by an injury to Jordan Lyles, who's out after undergoing surgery to fix a torn ligament in his left big toe.", u"Although this was Hale's third start this season, it was the first time he's been added to the 25-man roster. His other two appearances were when he was added as a 26th man during doubleheaders.", u"One of the highlights of Hale's outing was striking out the side in the second. He made two mistakes, leaving a changeup over the plate to Wong in the fourth and elevating a fastball that Jon Jay hit for a solo homer in the sixth. Jay entered the game as a replacement for Holliday.", u'Asked if Hale might have done enough to stick around, Rockies manager Walt Weiss simply responded: "He\'s got a real good chance."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Cardinals: RHP Lance Lynn is dealing with some forearm tightness in the aftermath of Sunday's start against the Los Angeles Dodgers. Matheny said trainers are monitoring Lynn and noted that with Thursday's off day, the pitchers in the Cardinals' rotation will have an extra day of rest.", u"Rockies: Reliever Rafael Betancourt went on the 15-day DL with what the team called vertigo symptoms. The right-hander has been dealing with a sinus infection for the last few weeks that's zapped his strength.", u'UP NEXT', u'Cardinals: RHP Michael Wacha (8-1, 2.18) leads the majors in road wins with six.', u'Rockies: LHP Jorge De La Rosa (2-2, 6.15) was effective in his last outing despite a cut on his middle finger.']), ([u'At Draft, MLB Honors College Pitcher Who Donated Bone Marrow'], [u"SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  The best ovation of Jason Boulais' career came a month after his final pitch.", u'The University of South Carolina Beaufort reliever was honored at the Major League Baseball draft Monday night after he sacrificed part of his senior season to donate bone marrow in an effort to save a young boy in France.', u'"I never fathomed any of this," the 23-year-old Boulais said. "I never fathomed that I would be a match."', u"Commissioner Rob Manfred told Boulais' story shortly before announcing Boston's pick at No. 7 overall at MLB Network studios. The timing was intentional \u2014 Boulais is a big Red Sox fan.", u'"We did not want Jason\'s incredible gesture to mark the end, or the last chapter, in his baseball career," Manfred said from the podium.', u'Seated in the crowd with his parents and sister, Boulais stood and waved as many of the former major leaguers in attendance such as Ken Griffey Jr., Mike Schmidt, Andre Dawson and John Smoltz gave him a standing ovation.', u'"It was awesome," a beaming Boulais said. "Hall of Famers standing up, clapping for me. Man, wow."', u'It all started last October when Boulais was on the South Carolina Beaufort campus to print out a paper for one of his classes when he noticed a tent outside the school library. "Be The Match," operated by the National Marrow Donor Program, was there looking for potential donors.', u'"They came up to me," Boulais recalled, "and they said, \'Hey, you want to save a life?\'"', u'Intrigued by the question, Boulais quickly responded.', u'"I said, \'Yeah, why not? Let\'s see what this is all about,\'" he said. "Who wouldn\'t want to do that?"', u'Boulais had the inside of his cheek swabbed a few times, and he was on his way.', u'"They were like, \'We may never talk to you again,\'" Boulais said. "They said, \'We might call you in 10, 20 or 30 years. No one knows.\'"', u'Well, it took only a few months, starting with a phone call he received in March. Boulais was told he was a preliminary match for a boy in France, so he took blood tests that later confirmed that he was a perfect match.', u"A procedure to remove Boulais' bone marrow through a needle in his hip area, just a few inches from his spine, was scheduled for April 9. He got word about three weeks before that date that the young boy wasn't doing well and the procedure had to be pushed back.", u"Boulais' baseball season had already begun and the Sand Sharks were in Lakeland, Florida, to play Southeastern University when he was given a new date: May 4. So, instead of traveling to the conference tournament with his teammates, Boulais headed to Georgetown University Hospital in Washington to have the 45-minute procedure.", u'The Sand Sharks lost in the Sun Conference tournament, ending their season \u2014 and Boulais\' playing career. The right-hander from Port St. John, Florida, finished 1-0 with an 8.38 ERA in 10 games. In his Twitter bio, Boulais calls himself a "retired athlete."', u'"I would give up my last game any day of my life to do this," Boulais said. "I would do this again. I\'d do it a million times over. There\'s no regrets. When I got that phone call, I was 100 percent in. Giving a kid a second chance at life was all worth it to me."', u"Because of confidentialty agreements, Boulais doesn't know how the boy is faring. It might be at least a year before he can find out, and that's only if the boy's family consents to releasing that information.", u'"I\'m very curious," he said. "I\'ve seen the \'Be The Match\' site, and I see stories that they\'ve posted about people who have donated to kids and they meet in the airport and it just gives you chills."', u"Boulais' eyes turned red and welled up as he paused, thinking about a similar meeting someday.", u'"I can just imagine meeting him in the airport and he just runs up to me," Boulais said. "It brings a tear to my eye right now."', u"Boulais' mother, Simone, shook her head as she thought about the journey her son has made the last several months, from bone marrow donor to being honored by many of the players he grew up idolizing.", u'"I mean, this is just something that makes you proud as a parent," she said. "It\'s just amazing. I couldn\'t be any prouder of my child."', u"She then looked over to her son, who was sitting again next to his father and sister, watching as other players' names were called.", u'"Well, it would have been nice if he had been drafted, too," Simone said with a smile, "but this is great."']), ([u'Iowa State Hires Basketball Coach'], [u'Iowa State hired Murray State\u2019s Steve Prohm, 40, as its men\u2019s coach, replacing Fred Hoiberg.']), ([u'Blue Jays Break Out Early and Pummel the Marlins'], [u'Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games with an R.B.I. single in a six-run first inning, and the ', u' routed the ', u', 11-3, on Monday night in Toronto for their sixth win in a row.', u'Josh Donaldson homered and drove in three runs for Toronto, the top-scoring team in the majors. Donaldson made it 7-0 with a leadoff drive in the second, his 16th home run. He added a two-run single in the seventh, giving him 43 R.B.I.', u'Miami\u2019s Giancarlo Stanton hit his 19th home run, matching Bryce Harper for the National League lead, and also doubled twice. Stanton leads the majors with 49 R.B.I.', u'Marco Estrada (3-3) allowed three runs in seven innings. Brad Hand (1-2) gave up six runs while getting only two outs.', u'Jason Vargas threw six shutout innings, and Kendrys Morales hit a long home run against his former team to push visiting Kansas City past Minnesota.', u'Vargas (5-2) gave up five hits and had two strikeouts. Morales hit a two-run shot in the second inning as the American League champion Royals moved ahead of the Twins by percentage points for first place in the A.L. Central. Greg Holland got his 10th save in 11 chances.', u'Phil Hughes (4-6) had one of his strongest outings of the season for the Twins, but did not get enough from his offense.', u'Royals Manager Ned Yost moved past Dick Howser into second on the franchise\u2019s career victories list with 405. He needs six more to surpass Whitey Herzog for first place.', u'Ivan De Jesus Jr. hit the first homer of his big-league career, and host Cincinnati finally beat Cole Hamels with the help of a couple of Phillies misplays.', u'De Jesus hit a tiebreaking two-run homer in the sixth inning off Hamels (5-5), who was unbeaten in 14 career starts against Cincinnati, including the playoffs.', u'Mike Leake (3-4) got his first win since May 6. He gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings.', u' Matt Kemp drove in the go-ahead run with a loud double, the former Braves star Craig Kimbrel earned his 200th career save and San Diego topped host Atlanta in 11 innings.', u'The Padres forced extra innings by scoring a run off Braves closer Jason Grilli in the ninth.', u'Justin Upton, facing Atlanta for the first time since his off-season trade from the Braves, led off the 11th with a walk from Cody Martin (2-3). Upton stole second and easily scored when Kemp doubled off the left-field wall. Kemp then scored on a double by Alexi Amarista.', u'Troy Tulowitzki hit a three-run homer in the first, and David Hale threw seven effective innings, lifting Colorado over visiting St. Louis.', u'Hale (2-0), a right-hander, was recalled from Class AAA Albuquerque to make a spot start and retired the opening nine batters before surrendering a home run to Kolten Wong.', u'Nolan Arenado added a two-run homer as the Rockies roughed up John Lackey (4-4), who surrendered 10 runs \u2014 eight earned \u2014 and 12 hits in four innings. ', u' Chris Sale struck out 14, and Chicago overcame visiting Houston, with shortstop Carlos Correa driving in the Astros\u2019 run in his big-league debut.', u'Sale (6-2) became the first White Sox pitcher to fan at least 10 in four straight games, the team said in citing Elias Sports Bureau. It was his third straight game with 12 or more strikeouts. He gave up one run and five hits.', u'Correa, the top pick in the 2012 draft, was promoted from Class AAA and became the youngest player in the majors at 20. Batting sixth, he went 1 for 4.', u'In the fourth, Correa came up with runners at second and third and two outs. After a replay review, he was called safe for beating out a grounder to short.']), ([u'Patriots Release Brandon Spikes'], [u'The ', u' released linebacker Brandon Spikes on Monday as the police investigated whether his car had been involved in an accident. The car was found abandoned near where three people were hurt when their vehicle was rear-ended. No connection has been established, however, and no charges have been filed.', u'While it was not clear who had been driving, the operator of Spikes\u2019s 2011 Mercedes Maybach reported through the car\u2019s OnStar navigation system that it had hit a deer, a Massachusetts State Police spokesman said in a statement.', u'Spikes spent last season with the Buffalo Bills.', u'\u25a0 A California judge dismissed a defamation lawsuit the former San Francisco 49er Ray McDonald had filed against a woman who accused him of rape.  (AP)']), ([u'Two Are Upset at the Nottingham Open'], [u'Fourth-seeded Karin Knapp lost to Yanina Wickmayer, 6-4, 6-2, and eighth-seeded Ajla Tomljanovic lost to Lauren Davis, 4-6, 7-6 (1), 7-5, in the first round of the Nottingham Open as top-level women\u2019s tennis returned to Nottingham, a grass-court site in central England, for the first time in 42 years.', u'\u25a0 CoCo Vandeweghe started the defense of her Topshelf Open title with a 7-6 (1), 6-1 win over Andreea Mitu in \u2019s-Hertogenbosch, Netherlands.  (AP)', u'\u25a0 Sixth-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber beat Alexandr Dolgopolov, 6-3, 6-3, to ease into the second round of the Mercedes Cup in Stuttgart, Germany.  (AP)']), ([u'Olympic Champion Dies'], [u'Sergei Sharikov, who won gold in the team saber event at the 1996 and 2000 Olympics, died in a car crash, the Russian Olympic Committee said. He was 40.']), ([u'Lee Janzen Qualifies for United States Open'], [u'Lee Janzen, 50, who won the United States Open in 1993 and 1998, will have another chance to play at the event, having earned the first of four spots available in the New York sectional qualifier.']), ([u'Belmont Payouts Await'], [u'Two days after American Pharoah became the first ', u' winner in 37 years, more than 95 percent of the $2 win wagers placed on the colt for the ', u' \u2014 90,237 of 94,128 \u2014 had yet to cash in. Those cashing their tickets received $3.80.', u'The race drew its third-best TV rating since the figure began to be measured in 1988, but the total of viewers (18.6 million) was down from last year\u2019s 20.5 million.']), ([u'Ben Bishop Helps Tampa Bay Lightning Pull Ahead in Stanley Cup Finals'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014 Ben Bishop lay face down, arms spread above his head, and he did not move. He might not have wanted to, either. He had spent much of the game Monday night staggering from side to side in the crease and lumbering from front to back. He seemed to favor his left side.', u'Rather than drop into his butterfly stance, he just stood there. He flailed at some shots. He let others hit him. He could barely lift himself off the ice, protecting the net as if propped up by a tripod.', u'The strategy worked as long as he remained upright, which he did until a stray elbow late in the second period sent him crumbling to the ice.', u'He stayed down for about half a minute. Then he got up. Bishop forged on, and so did the ', u', who scored twice in the third period to topple the ', u', 3-2, and seize a two-games-to-one lead in the Stanley Cup finals.', u'His mobility diminished, Bishop somehow made 36 saves, allowing one goal over the final 45 minutes. Cedric Paquette, who has excelled this series at neutralizing Chicago\u2019s star center Jonathan Toews, banged in a perfect pass from Victor Hedman to score the game-winner with 3 minutes 11 seconds left.', u'\u201cHe didn\u2019t look hurt out there to me tonight,\u201d the Lightning\u2019s captain, Steven Stamkos, said of Bishop.', u'The precise nature of Bishop\u2019s injury will remain a mystery through the end of the series. He would not disclose it, and many of his teammates would not even acknowledge it existed.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s going to take a lot to not play a Stanley Cup final game, personally,\u201d Bishop said.', u'As the game progressed, Bishop said he never doubted whether he should continue playing. Not when the Blackhawks blitzed him with 19 first-period shots, exploiting his limitations, and not when they went ahead early in the third, on a one-timer by Brandon Saad that exposed his difficulty going post to post. Bishop did not have to dwell on Saad\u2019s goal for long: Ondrej Palat answered 13 seconds later by poking in a loose puck, at 4:27, to tie the score again.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s out there, he\u2019s out there,\u201d said Ryan Callahan, who scored Tampa Bay\u2019s first goal. \u201cYou don\u2019t second-guess anybody this time of year. Everybody wants to play no matter what\u2019s going on.\u201d', u'Bishop\u2019s puzzling departure from Game 2 \u2014 was he ill? Injured? Troubled by an equipment malfunction? \u2014 produced 48 hours of uncertainty. Through Sunday and into Monday, his status for Game 3 remained as guarded as ', u'.', u'During the morning skate, Coach Jon Cooper said he did not know whether Bishop or Andrei Vasilevskiy, who played 9:13 in the third period Saturday, would start. \u201cOne of them,\u201d Cooper said.', u'Not long after, Bishop appeared in the interview room and, stifling a laugh, apologized for the evasiveness that would follow.', u'\u201cI feel like Marshawn Lynch right now,\u201d he said, referring to the Seattle Seahawks running back.', u'The comparison was limited to Lynch\u2019s reluctance to speak to the news media, though. For when the Lightning skated out to warm up, Bishop did not feint or bowl over any Blackhawks. He merely strode onto the ice \u2014 after all that, he was starting.', u'It was not a difficult choice, Cooper said. He spoke with Bishop early Monday afternoon, then confirmed his decision a few hours before face-off, he said, when he looked into Bishop\u2019s eyes.', u'\u201cYou can read when guys are sitting there saying, \u2018Coach, I can go for you.\u2019 Or you can say, \u2018Give me the net,\u2019 \u201d Cooper said after the game. \u201cThat kid said, \u2018Give me the net.\u2019\u201d He added, \u201cIf he was going to be in harm\u2019s way, we wouldn\u2019t have put him out there.\u201d', u'The Blackhawks were not surprised that Bishop started, and his presence did not affect their strategy. They still wanted to crash the net, obscure his vision, fire shots from all angles. But as the first period unspooled, and his weaknesses grew more apparent, Chicago increased the pressure. Struggling to track shots, Bishop benefited more from luck than skill in surviving the game\u2019s first 14 minutes.', u'With Bishop out of position, Marian Hossa missed an open net. So did Teuvo Teravainen.', u'\u201cAs soon as I tried to finish it,\u201d Hossa said, \u201cI felt like I was tripped and I lost the balance a little bit, and I didn\u2019t shoot the puck the way I wanted to.\u201d', u'Bishop saved \u2014 or fought off, or at least did not let in \u2014 the first 16 shots he faced, preserving the 1-0 Tampa Bay acquired at the 5:09 mark, when Hedman slapped a 100-foot stretch pass to Callahan, who blasted the puck over Corey Crawford\u2019s glove for his first goal of the series.', u'\u201cIt came off my stick pretty quick,\u201d Callahan said. \u201cI just tried to pick my spot.\u201d', u'Callahan celebrated by jumping up and hugging his teammate Alex Killorn. Their embraced lasted only a few seconds, but it still seemed longer than the Lightning possessed the puck in Chicago\u2019s zone the rest of the period. More than 13 minutes elapsed before Tampa Bay recorded another shot.', u'With Bishop laboring to control rebounds and the Blackhawks swarming, the Lightning scrambled around him. After a hooking penalty to Braydon Coburn awarded Chicago a power play, Brad Richards unleashed a shot from the point that fluttered toward the net through a partial screen and went in because Bishop could only graze the puck with his glove.', u'The score stayed 1-1 throughout an eventful second period defined by the two penalties Chicago took in the span of 34 seconds, the last being a goaltender interference call on Saad on the play that wiped out Bishop. Even though the Lightning could not convert the 5-on-3, Bishop bailed them out, keeping Tampa in the game by staying in it.']), ([u'Monday at the Women\u2019s World Cup'], [u'A day after Ivory Coast allowed 10 goals, NIGERIA and CAMEROON gave Africa some redemption by combining to score nine. Nigeria rallied for a 3-3 tie with fifth-ranked SWEDEN, scoring twice in three minutes in the second half and rallying once more in the closing moments in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Nigeria fell behind by 2-0 in the first half, conceding an own goal before Nilla Fischer scored on a tap-in in the 31st minute. But Ngozi Okobi and Asisat Oshoala struck in the 50th and the 53rd, tying the score. Linda Sembrant came off the bench to give Sweden a 3-2 lead that did not last.', u'Later in the day, Cameroon scored three goals in a nine-minute stretch and routed ECUADOR, 6-0, in Vancouver, British Columbia, in the Women\u2019s World Cup debuts for both nations. Ga\xeblle Enganamouit had a hat trick for 53rd-ranked Cameroon, which converted three penalty kicks. Ligia Moreira of Ecuador was given a red card for a foul in the 66th minute.', u'Francisca Ordega, above left, lifted Nigeria to a draw when she drove a shot through Sweden goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl\u2019s legs in the 87th minute. After Ordega\u2019s goal, Nigeria Coach Edwin Okon dropped to his knees and kissed the turf on the sideline.', u'BRAZIL has not lost a World Cup group-stage match since 1995, and it has not tied one since 2003.', u'FRANCE has a 41-year unbeaten run against ENGLAND.', u'Brazil called its players into a residency camp before the World Cup, and it will be intriguing to see what kind of team emerges from it. In the past, Brazil\u2019s preparations seemed more of the crack-theknuckles-and-roll-the-balls-out variety. But with the Brazilians\u2019 skills and a bit more organization \u2014 not to mention the presence of Marta, above right, a striker desperate to cap her career with success \u2014 they could be something to see. SOUTH KOREA will be the first to find out, at 7 p.m. Tuesday in Montreal.', u'France and England will meet in the day\u2019s first match, at 1 p.m. in Moncton, New Brunswick, and the winner will have a good chance of finishing atop Group F. Expect Eug\xe9nie Le Sommer and Louisa N\xe9cib to put the English defenders to the test.']), ([u'Women\u2019s World Cup: U.S. Shows Unease; Hope Solo Puts a Stop to It'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014 The United States appeared nervous Monday when it opened the Women\u2019s World Cup, often tattered in defense, frequently inert and faltering in attack.', u'But Hope Solo settled an unnerved team with three gymnastic saves in the first half, and Megan Rapinoe delivered two goals with her creativity and daring. In the end, the Americans prevailed, 3-1, over Australia, the victory being more important than elegant.', u'\u201cIt was a little bit of a shaky game for us, especially the first 30 minutes,\u201d Rapinoe said. \u201cHope came up absolutely huge for us. I think she had, like, three saves that I don\u2019t think anybody else in the world can make.\u201d', u'Solo is facing new revelations by ESPN, suggesting that she was the aggressor, not the victim, in a misdemeanor case of domestic violence last year involving her half sister and nephew.', u'She is said to have slammed her nephew\u2019s head to the floor and to have been so argumentative that police officers forced her to the ground. She cursed the officers and told one that her necklace cost more than his yearly salary, ESPN\u2019s \u201cOutside the Lines\u201d reported Sunday.', u'Solo has said that it was she who was injured, with a concussion. Charges against her were dropped on procedural grounds in January, but prosecutors have filed an appeal. Still, if Solo is troubled off the field, she remained impervious on the field Monday. And it seems unlikely that the United States could win the World Cup without her.', u'Rapinoe, too, appears indispensable in midfield as the team\u2019s most inventive player. With the Americans not fully confident or steady, she scored the match\u2019s first goal, on a deflected blast in the 12th minute, and delivered another with a long, dazzling run in the 78th minute.', u'\u201cI was doing my best Messi impression,\u201d Rapinoe said, referring to the Argentine star Lionel Messi. \u201cA much slower version of it.\u201d', u'Things could not have played out more invitingly before an announced crowd of 31,148 as the United States tries to win its group.', u'\u201cA couple bits of class in the end from Rapinoe changed the game,\u201d said Alen Stajcic, the Australian coach.', u'The United States will play Sweden here Friday. A co-favorite in the group, Sweden got off to its usual slow start in the World Cup, leading by two goals at halftime before hanging on for a 3-3 tie against Nigeria\u2019s expert passing, one-on-one skill and speed.', u'\u201cNo team in this tournament is a pushover,\u201d said Edwin Okon, the Nigerian coach.', u'That was definitely true of Nigeria and Australia. And the Americans still face numerous questions in trying to win their first World Cup since 1999: Can they get reliable scoring at forward? Can the midfield and the back line regain cohesiveness?', u'Sydney Leroux and Abby Wambach started at forward, with Leroux finding inspiration with an assist. But Wambach appeared rusty and awkward with her specialty, heading the ball.', u'Alex Morgan came in late, after the game was decided, having not played since April 11 because of a bone bruise on her left knee.', u'As the match opened, Australia pressed the Americans, repeatedly stripped them of possession and attacked down the left flank with speed and insistence. In the fifth minute, Emily Van Egmond hit a heavy shot from about 15 yards that a diving Solo parried off the crossbar.', u'Then, in the 12th minute, with the American attack still lacking movement, the United States forged a 1-0 lead from the alertness and cleverness of Rapinoe.', u'After a long pass was headed by Wambach, Rapinoe deftly turned on the ball from 22 yards and blasted a shot that cannoned off the Australian defender Laura Alleway, ricocheting inside the right post.', u'\u201cI probably shoot too much,\u201d joked Rapinoe, who challenged goalkeeper Melissa Barbieri from the early minutes with shots that at first seemed to bear more hope than threat. \u201cIt doesn\u2019t matter what kind of shot it is for me \u2014 I\u2019ll take it,\u201d\xa0Rapinoe said.', u'A minute later, Australia nearly leveled the score, but Solo dived to her left and pushed a volley by Samantha Kerr beyond the right post.', u'Still, the American defense remained vulnerable. A ball into the box in the 27th minute left Australia\u2019s captain, Lisa De Vanna, alone to tie the score at 1-1 with a left-footed shot that Solo had no chance of diverting.', u'In the 45th minute, Australia might have scored again when a free kick found its way uninterrupted toward the far post, but Solo intervened at the last moment with a theatrical save.', u'In the 61st minute, the United States got the decisive goal when Rapinoe started a bountiful sequence for a 2-1 lead. She played the ball to Leroux, who ran down the left wing and, sliding on the artificial turf, cut a splendid pass back for Christen Press, who slotted a low shot from 12 yards inside the right post.', u'In the 78th minute, Carli Lloyd stole the ball and Rapinoe dribbled nearly half the length of the field on a counterattack before deftly placing a low shot inside the far post.', u'\u201cMegan thrives in these big games, big moments,\u201d Coach Jill Ellis said. \u201cShe\u2019s got ice running through her veins, but a lot of passion inside of her. She\u2019s a game-changer. And that\u2019s what makes her special.\u201d']), ([u'Shortstops Loom Large at Top of Draft as Teams Pass on Pitchers'], [u'SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  Dansby Swanson, a slick-fielding Vanderbilt shortstop with a line-drive swing, was selected No. 1 in the major league baseball draft by the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday, a night that was notable for the arms selected for future major league infields but not for pitching mounds.', u'For the first time, shortstops were taken with the first three picks. Four were picked in the top 10 and six in the top 20. It sent a clear message that organizations were looking to play it safe rather than risk selecting hard-throwing starters who are susceptible to major injury; last year\u2019s No. 1 pick, Brady Aiken, drafted by the Houston Astros, had Tommy John surgery in March.', u'The first pitcher off the board was Dillon Tate at No. 4, a junior out of California-Santa Barbara who can throw a 98-mile-per-hour fastball, although he is projected as a closer. Tyler Jay (No. 6 by Minnesota) and Carson Fulmer (No. 8 by the White Sox) joined him in the top 10.', u'But otherwise, pitchers \u2014 particularly high school pitchers \u2014 were conspicuously scarce at the top of the draft board.', u'Swanson, the 12th shortstop to be taken first over all, is highly regarded for his hitting approach, possessing a compact swing with increasing power and a patient eye. He was batting .348 with 14 home runs and 61 runs batted in, all numbers that ranked among the best in the Southeastern Conference.', u'It was a surreal day for Swanson, who hit a solo home run to lead Vanderbilt back into the College World Series with a win over Illinois on Monday afternoon, then learned he was being drafted while he was celebrating on the field with his teammates.', u'\u201cMy family rushed onto the field, and I was able to watch it with my iPhone right there on the field,\u201d Swanson said on a conference call. \u201cIt was pretty awesome.\u201d', u'Another SEC infielder, the speedy Alex Bregman of Louisiana State, was selected by the Astros, who picked second after failing to sign Aiken to a contract last year. This year, Houston, which also had the fifth pick, led all teams with $17.3 million in its bonus pool to sign draftees, and Bregman said he wanted his Astros career to start as soon as possible.', u'\u201cI can\u2019t wait to get to work,\u201d Bregman said in a conference call.', u'The Colorado Rockies kept the run on shortstops going with Brendan Rodgers, an 18-year-old out of Lake Mary High School in Longwood, Fla. Rodgers was in attendance at MLB Network Studios on Monday, and his selection provided the night\u2019s first outburst from the small audience gathered to watch.', u'About two dozen friends and relatives stood and cheered when Rodgers\u2019s name was called and then again when he donned a Rockies jersey for the first time on stage.', u'It was the 50th anniversary of the draft \u2014 Nolan Ryan, Tom Seaver and Johnny Bench were among those selected in that inaugural year, 1965 \u2014 and the first for the new commissioner, Rob Manfred. But only 11 times in the previous 49 years was a shortstop selected No. 1, and only once had the first two picks been shortstops: 1982, with Shawon Dunston and Augie Schmidt.', u'Swanson also became the first college shortstop drafted first since Brown University\u2019s Bill Almon in 1974. Deric Ladnier, the Diamondbacks\u2019 director of scouting, said in a conference call that Swanson\u2019s maturity had played a role in the team\u2019s decision to pick him.', u'The Diamondbacks had not held the top overall pick since 2005, when they selected another shortstop, Justin Upton, who blossomed into an All-Star outfielder. Ladnier said his staff had had Swanson as its consensus choice \u201cfor a while.\u201d', u'\u201cThere\u2019s always debate whether you should take a pitcher or take a position player,\u201d Ladnier said. \u201cBut I can truly say that at the end of the day, after the process, everyone in that room felt very comfortable that this was the best player for this organization.\u201d', u'The Yankees, picking at No. 16 over all, had their highest draft choice since 1993. They decided on a right-handed pitcher, U.C.L.A. junior James Kaprielian, an accurate thrower who analysts think could rise quickly through the system.', u'With $7.9 million in bonus pool to spend, the Yankees passed on Aiken, who was drafted No. 17 by Cleveland. The Astros rescinded their original offer of $6.5 million to Aiken last season following a doctor\u2019s examination that revealed a small abnormality in his left elbow. He declined to sign a smaller offer and enrolled at IMG Academy to bide his time until this June.', u'In March, however, he tore his ulnar collateral ligament and had Tommy John surgery.', u'This year, then \u2014 hoping to avoid similar misfortune \u2014 teams returned their focus toward the safer bet: the infield.']), ([u'LeBron James Has Nothing to Prove, but He\u2019s Proving It Anyway'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014 After the 11 makes and the 24 misses, after the 16 rebounds and the 11 assists and the 39 points, each of them hard won, ', u' plopped down on a dais at Oracle Arena on Sunday night and reflected on the ', u'\u2019 first step in the N.B.A. finals toward a championship.', u'\u201cIf you\u2019re looking for us to play sexy, cute basketball, that\u2019s not us,\u201d he said. \u201cThat\u2019s not us right now. Everything is tough.\u201d', u'He was speaking after ', u' in overtime at the home of the Golden State Warriors, who limited the Cavaliers to 32.2 percent shooting \u2014 and lost.', u'The grittiness of the game \u2014 the court might as well have been coated with mud \u2014 made the result even more remarkable. It was a blue-collar win born of sweat and determination, fitting for a group of guys who call Cleveland home, even if they are multimillionaires.', u'James, the richest of them all, carries the biggest, snazziest lunch pail.', u'\u201cIt just comes from the work ethic,\u201d he said as he supplied even more manna to the masses back in Ohio.', u'On Tuesday night, the series, which is tied at one game apiece, will move to Quicken Loans Arena for Game 3. That will be another benchmark in a season full of them for James: his first finals appearance here since 2007, when the San Antonio Spurs swept the Cavaliers in four games.', u'These finals are shaping up as a rare instance in which James, back in Cleveland after a four-year sabbatical in Miami and already the greatest player of his generation, does not necessarily need to carry his team to a title to enhance his reputation. Merely making the series competitive, which he has done through the first two games by averaging 41.5 points, 12 rebounds and 8.5 assists, ought to be enough against a high-octane opponent like the Warriors, who have Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson and a cast of reliable scorers and defenders.', u'The Cavaliers are undermanned, absent the injured stars Kyrie Irving and Kevin Love. The end of the bench, featuring old hands like Brendan Haywood, Shawn Marion and Mike Miller, looks more like an AARP convention. Iman Shumpert and J. R. Smith, who have had finer moments since being cast aside by the doyens at Madison Square Garden, combined to shoot 7 of 24 in Game 2. Matthew Dellavedova, thrust into a starting role at point guard, played 42 minutes.', u'\u201cOur guys love the fact that we\u2019ve been counted out and come into the series being an underdog,\u201d James said.', u'James, of course, does not consider himself an underdog and probably never has. Coach David Blatt, however, is required to send out five players at a time, and this is not the most impressive assemblage of talent in finals history.', u'Still, the Cavaliers employ James, and that has been more than enough to make the series highly compelling theater.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s got a taste of that championship feeling,\u201d Ricky Davis, a former teammate of James\u2019s who last played in the N.B.A. in 2010, said in a telephone interview, \u201cand now he\u2019s going after it.\u201d', u'The contrasting styles of James and the Warriors\u2019 Curry have only added to the luster. While Curry has danced his way through the playoffs like a feather in the wind, seeking daylight for his high-arcing 3-pointers, James has stuck to a more earthbound brand of hoops: resolutely backing down defenders, absorbing contact and using his 6-foot-8, 240-pound frame to muscle the ball to the basket. Yet the series could not be any tighter, each game decided in overtime.', u'The result has been the most-watched and highest-rated finals broadcast by ABC through two games, according to Nielsen. Nearly 19 million viewers tuned in for Game 2.', u'Davis, who played with James in 2003, when James was a Cavaliers rookie, recalled that James had spent his early months with the team trying to figure out when to be aggressive and search for his own offense and when to facilitate for teammates. He picked things up quickly.', u'\u201cThere wasn\u2019t a lot you had to explain to him,\u201d Davis said.', u'Like everyone else, Davis has watched with something that borders on astonishment as James has operated against the Warriors. James has never been a high-volume scorer, but his 35 shots in Game 2 were the most he had attempted since Game 1, when he launched 38.', u'Davis did not pass up many open looks during his N.B.A. career.', u'\u201cThere are some people who would be scared to take that many shots,\u201d Davis said. \u201cBut he has to take them. He has to put this team on his back.\u201d', u'On Sunday, James manufactured 18 free throws while continuing to prod unheralded teammates like Dellavedova to elevate their play. Afterward, James praised Dellavedova for playing \u201cspectacular\u201d defense on Curry, and it seemed obvious that James \u2014 ever the amateur psychologist \u2014 was already looking ahead, to Game 3 and beyond. He needs Dellavedova to believe in himself because, despite appearances, James cannot do this by himself, not forever.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s definitely trying to build their confidence,\u201d Davis said. \u201cHe does that the way he passes the ball, too. The guy just does everything.\u201d', u'It has already been a series to savor, and even as James alluded to needing nonstop treatment on his own battery of ailments ahead of Game 3, he offered perspective.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a maximum of five games left in the N.B.A. finals,\u201d he said. \u201cSo I\u2019m ready for whatever.\u201d']), ([u'At 50, Major League Draft Has Sharpened Its Focus '], [u'Brendan Rodgers had been to New York once before this month, to play at Citi Field in a summer showcase for top high school players. He has also played at Wrigley Field in Chicago and Petco Park in San Diego.', u'\u201cIt was an honor to play at those events, and I had a blast,\u201d Rodgers said. \u201cHow they treated us and everything, it was awesome.\u201d', u'Major League Baseball celebrated Rodgers on Monday, hosting a luncheon in Midtown for him and the three other high school prospects who agreed to take part in the hoopla for the annual draft. The players toured city landmarks in the morning and were whisked to the league\u2019s TV studio in New Jersey for the draft, where Rodgers, a shortstop from Lake Mary High School in Florida, was chosen third over all by the Colorado Rockies.', u'The instant gratification of the N.F.L. and N.B.A. drafts \u2014 and the flurry of trades surrounding them \u2014 makes those events more digestible for the casual sports fan. Even so, the baseball draft, now 50 years old, has come a long way.', u'Rodgers, 18, is already friends with the others who showed up. He was roommates at the San Diego showcase with Ashe Russell, a pitcher from Indianapolis, and knew Mike Nikorak, a pitcher from Stroudsburg, Pa., from another event. He spent Monday\u2019s boat ride around Manhattan getting to know Garrett Whitley, an outfielder from Niskayuna, N.Y.', u'The former pitcher David Cone, representing the Yankees on Monday, smiled as he recalled his opposite draft experience in 1981.', u'\u201cI didn\u2019t know anybody; nobody knew me,\u201d Cone said. \u201cWhen I was drafted, I was shocked. I thought I might get drafted \u2014 maybe top 20 rounds.\u201d', u'Cone, whose Kansas City high school had no baseball team, pitched in summer leagues and performed for two scouts, from the Royals and the St. Louis Cardinals, at a tryout camp at the Royals\u2019 stadium. He had no idea where he ranked as a prospect until the Royals called and said they had taken him in the third round. Cone signed for $17,000.', u'The Royals\u2019 first pick that June, Cone recalled, was an outfielder named Dave Leeper who had starred at the University of Southern California. Leeper had three singles in 40 at-bats in his major league career. Cone did not remember who went first overall that year, but it was Mike Moore, a right-hander chosen by the Seattle Mariners.', u'Moore would earn 161 career victories, the most of any pitcher taken first over all. But Cone, of course, was much better, and another player picked in the third round, Tony Gwynn, went on to the Hall of Fame.', u'\u201cTeams are much more prepared nowadays than they were back then,\u201d Cone said. \u201cSomebody picked in the third round would never sneak through like I did. It could still happen, but it\u2019s few and far between compared to 1981. There\u2019s sleepers, but there\u2019s not so much, \u2018Who the heck is that guy?\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'The downside to the amateur travel circuit, Cone said, is the strain it puts on developing pitchers, who may rest, then ramp up for scouts, then rest and ramp up again. Many pitchers run parallel tracks to the pros and to major elbow surgery.', u'This is less of an issue for a shortstop like Rodgers, a multiskilled player who wore a Florida State pullover to Monday\u2019s luncheon but probably will not go there. He dreamed of the majors, not the N.C.A.A.', u'\u201cI started playing when I was 6 years old,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd ever since I picked up a ball, I wrote down \u2014 like on kindergarten work sheets \u2014 that I wanted to play professional baseball one day.\u201d', u'If that sounds like a story from the life and times of ', u', it is no coincidence. Though Rodgers rooted for Boston as a boy, he idolized Jeter and met him, through his adviser, in Orlando, Fla., last week.', u'\u201cThe player I kind of look up to, role-model-wise, is Derek Jeter; it\u2019s kind of a given,\u201d said Rodgers, who added that Jeter had given him valuable tips. \u201cHe always said you never know who\u2019s watching, you always play the game hard, make sure you enjoy it and have fun the next few days, it\u2019s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. Little things like that, I\u2019m never going to forget.\u201d', u'Jeter was the first high schooler chosen in 1992, but five teams \u2014 Houston, Cleveland, Montreal, Baltimore and Cincinnati \u2014 passed on him. The Yankees have had less luck with high school shortstops since: C. J. Henry (chosen 17th over all in 2005) peaked in Class A, and Cito Culver (32nd in 2010) was hitting .175 through Sunday for Class AA Trenton.', u'Teams still find late-round gems, like Houston\u2019s Dallas Keuchel (seventh round), Arizona\u2019s Paul Goldschmidt (eighth) and St. Louis\u2019s Matt Carpenter (13th), but the obvious top-of-the-first-round choices, like Rodgers, arrive polished and poised to make an impact. It did not escape Rodgers\u2019s notice that Carlos Correa, the No. 1 overall pick in 2012, was promoted to the Astros on Sunday night, at age 20.', u'\u201cI follow Carlos a lot,\u201d Rodgers said. \u201cI don\u2019t really know him, but I follow his success. He seems like a great player and a great person.\u201d', u'With health, Rodgers said, he could see himself playing in major league parks again very soon. Jeter is the role model, but Correa is the modern inspiration.', u'\u201cYou want to play the game right and play the game hard, and success comes along with it if you\u2019re doing pretty much everything right,\u201d Rodgers said. \u201cI hope to be in kind of the same position he is.\u201d']), ([u'Shot Clock Cut for Men in College Basketball'], [u'In an effort to speed up games, the shot clock in men\u2019s college basketball will be reduced to 30 seconds from 35, one of several changes for the coming season that the ', u' announced Monday on Twitter.', u'Along with the 30-second clock \u2014 which has long been in use in women\u2019s college basketball (the N.B.A.\u2019s is 24 seconds) \u2014 the men\u2019s game will feature a slightly larger restricted area below the basket, in which defenders may not take charges, and more restrictions on contact in the post. The changes, proposed last month by a rules committee, were approved by the N.C.A.A.\u2019s oversight panel on playing rules.', u'Referees will also be instructed to strictly enforce existing rules against physical defense.', u'Last season, teams averaged 67.74 points per game, the third-lowest figure since 1952, according to the N.C.A.A. While a shot clock as long as 35 seconds was partly to blame, many observers suggested that overly physical defense was the biggest impediment to high scoring.', u'Each team will also receive four timeouts, one fewer than previously, and some of those will be combined with media timeouts to help shorten games.', u'The oversight panel also approved dividing women\u2019s games into 10-minute quarters instead of 20-minute halves.']), ([u'Critical of FIFA, Publishers Flee'], [u'Fallout from the FIFA soccer scandal has begun to affect journalism in the ', u'.', u'David Legge and his wife, Vicki, the publishers of the only daily newspaper in the territory, said Monday that they had left for Fort Lauderdale, Fla., fearing for their safety after the Cayman Islands premier, Alden McLaughlin, described a recent editorial about corruption as \u201ctreasonous.\u201d', u'The Caymans are linked to the FIFA case because of Jeffrey Webb, a former president of the territory\u2019s soccer federation, who has been accused of taking millions of dollars in bribes from sports executives seeking broadcast and marketing rights to soccer tournaments in the region.', u'Mr. Webb was also a FIFA vice president and the president of Concacaf, soccer\u2019s governing body for North America, Central America and the Caribbean.', u'On Wednesday, the newspaper, ', u', published an editorial decrying what it called \u201ctoo common\u201d corruption in daily life in the Caymans. The editorial also called for Cayman officials to begin \u201cexhaustive inquiries\u201d to identify all illicit activities that might have occurred in the FIFA scandal.', u'Mr. McLaughlin said at a legislative meeting Friday that the editorial was \u201creckless\u201d and that \u201cit must be interpreted as a treasonous attack on the Cayman Islands and on all the people of Cayman.\u201d', u'Mr. McLaughlin could not be reached for comment.', u'Mr. Legge said he and his wife had been given police protection by the governor of the Cayman Islands from Friday night into Saturday. But the Legges decided to leave for Florida.', u'\u201cWe believed he created such an atmosphere that we needed protection,\u201d Mr. Legge said of Mr. McLaughlin in a telephone interview Monday.', u'The paper continues to publish. The front page of Monday\u2019s edition of The Cayman Compass bore only a headline: \u201cIn Memoriam, Free Speech in the Cayman Islands, June 5, 2015.\u201d']), ([u'John Derr, Golf Reporter at 62 Masters Tournaments, Dies at 97'], [u'John Derr, who reported from the Masters golf tournament 62 times and was part of the CBS team when the event was televised for the first time, in 1956, died on Saturday at his home in Pinehurst, N.C. He was 97.', u'His daughter, Cricket Gentry, said he apparently died of a heart attack while watching the ', u' on television. She went to his house after the race, in which American Pharoah captured the ', u', and found him in his chair in front of the TV.', u'\u201cIt was like he had stood up and said, \u2018Hooray!\u2019 and then fell over,\u201d said Ms. Gentry, who is a paramedic.', u'Mr. Derr covered the Masters for CBS from 1956 to 1982. According to Golf Digest, he was a 17-year-old reporter for The Gaston Gazette in North Carolina when he went to a college football game and sat next to the sportswriter O. B. Keeler, who suggested he attend a new spring tournament at Augusta National Golf Club hosted by Bobby Jones.', u'Mr. Derr went to the second Masters, in 1935, the year Gene Sarazen shot a 2 on the par-5 15th hole, helping to put the Masters on the map. Along the way, Mr. Derr forged relationships with some of golf\u2019s giants, including Ben Hogan, Sam Snead and Byron Nelson. He wrote about his encounters in his third book, \u201cMy Place at the Table: Stories of Golf and Life\u201d (2010).', u'In an interview with Golf Digest, Mr. Derr told of seeing Albert Einstein taking his daily walk along the golf course at Princeton. He asked Einstein if he had ever played the game, he recalled, and Einstein replied: \u201cI tried once. Too complicated.\u201d']), ([u'I.O.C. Adds Four Events to Roster of 2018 Winter Games'], [u'You can never have enough curling. That was one of the messages from the ', u' on Monday when it approved the addition of several events for the 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea.', u'Fans will be able to see mixed doubles in curling; mass-start speedskating; a team event in Alpine skiing; and big air, a snowboarding competition involving very high jumps.', u'The four events, in which both men and women will compete, will increase the women\u2019s events and female participants at the Games to record levels. They are also relatively inexpensive to produce and are expected to attract young fans and television viewers.', u'\u201cThe changes reflect the continued evolution of the Winter Olympic program and build on the success of recent editions of the Games,\u201d ', u'.', u'To make room for big air snowboarding, the Olympic committee eliminated a different snowboarding event, the men\u2019s and women\u2019s parallel slalom.', u'All of the moves were made in consultation with the governing federations of the sports. The committee recommended a cap of about 2,900 athletes and 100 events for the Winter Games.', u'Tom Kelly, vice president for communications at the United States Ski and Snowboard Association, said the United States had pushed for the big air event because it was great for spectators.', u'\u201cOur interest is getting something in that\u2019s very stadium-based, good for fans and television, and is very relevant to youth,\u201d he said. \u201cThere\u2019s also a lot of participant overlap.\u201d', u'Kelly was also pleased about the addition of the mixed-gender country-versus-country Alpine event, which has been included in the world championships for years. The slope is shorter than for individual Alpine events, allowing spectators to see the entire race.', u'\u201cIt allows us to go head-to-head, which we don\u2019t see,\u201d Kelly said.', u'In May, organizers of the 2020 Tokyo Summer Games started accepting applications for new events.', u'The organizers will recommend additions to the I.O.C. by the end of September, and the committee will announce the new events at next year\u2019s Summer Games in Rio de Janeiro.']), ([u'Former Soccer Player Sues Illinois, Saying Concussion Was Mishandled'], [u'A former women\u2019s soccer player at ', u' has filed a lawsuit against the university, alleging that her concussion was mishandled and her career ruined after the team ignored protocol. The suit, filed Monday afternoon in Champaign County Circuit Court, seeks damages of at least $50,000, though the amount could be far greater.', u'The lawsuit, brought by Casey Conine, is the latest in a recent string of mistreatment accusations by ', u' athletes but the first that will be litigated. In May, ', u' Coach Tim Beckman of threatening them and physically abusing teammates. Members of the women\u2019s basketball team alleged later that month that they had been targets of racial slurs and emotional abuse from their coaches and that some of their injuries had likewise been mishandled.', u'According to Conine, 20, she sustained a concussion in an October game last year against Northwestern when she collided with the goalkeeper on a corner kick. As she staggered around the field after the impact, she said, she was never checked on and continued to play. She received a concussion diagnosis two days later.', u'Per Illinois\u2019s concussion guidelines, players must be evaluated by a physician before returning to full-contact activity, but Conine said she was sent on a trip to the East Coast two weeks later and told by the trainer, Brittany Scott, that she was cleared to play, despite no follow-up examination by a doctor.', u'Against Maryland, Conine played 65 minutes in a double-overtime game and repeatedly headed the ball. Coming off the field, she said, she felt as if she would vomit.', u'\u201cI was nervous being out there because I knew I wasn\u2019t 100 percent, but you feel like you can\u2019t tell your coach, \u2018I don\u2019t think I should play,\u2019 \u201d she said, adding, \u201cI was a player that was counted on, and I think that was a big part of it, too.\u201d', u'After the Maryland game, Conine said, her symptoms were unlike anything she had experienced. She had painful headaches and was sensitive to light, barely leaving her apartment. Her lawyers say doctors were uncertain if she had sustained a new concussion or was experiencing worsening symptoms from her October concussion. Because Conine also sustained two concussions at Illinois in 2013, and another in high school, the diagnosis was a concussion with a history of multiple concussions.', u'Soon after, she returned home to Leslie, Mich., a small town 90 miles west of Detroit. Illinois informed Conine after a follow-up examination in December that she would not be cleared to play again. She tried to return to the university for the spring semester this year, but the headaches persisted, and concentrating on her studies proved to be too difficult. She is now in the process of withdrawing from Illinois.', u'Scott, Athletic Director Mike Thomas and Coach Janet Rayfield are among the named defendants in addition to the athletic department. The athletic department and the N.C.A.A. each declined to comment.', u' of the football and women\u2019s basketball teams are continuing. Conine said she had been aware of some of the football players\u2019 concerns and hoped her lawsuit would serve as a warning to the athletes who come after her.', u'\u201cWhen you\u2019re in the middle of it, it\u2019s hard to really see what\u2019s going on,\u201d she said. \u201cBut now you think about it, and it\u2019s like, \u2018Wow, things are not being handled correctly.\u2019 \u201d', u'Conine was a highly recruited high school prospect, choosing Illinois over Ohio State and Kentucky. At 5 feet 11 inches, she was always among the tallest players on the field, leading to numerous headers. She was so gifted in the sport that her friends called her \u201cMia\u201d after her idol, Mia Hamm.', u'Conine had participated in the Olympic Development Program and started 19 of the Fighting Illini\u2019s 23 games as a freshman. She said she once had hopes of playing for the United States national team. Now she is struggling with the realization that her career is probably over.', u'The filing comes while a federal judge is considering ', u' brought against the N.C.A.A., and it highlights the fact that head-trauma issues go beyond American football. An N.C.A.A. study estimated that its women\u2019s soccer players sustained over 5,700 concussions from 2004 to 2009, more than one and a half times the number for men\u2019s soccer players.', u'The suit may also be a preview of more to come. The proposed settlement \u2014 which would toughen guidelines for returning to play and include $70 million for medical screenings for former college athletes \u2014 does not provide any money for players, but it also does not release colleges from future claims brought by individual athletes.', u'Conine\u2019s lawyer, Joseph Siprut, who is a co-lead counsel in the lawsuit against the N.C.A.A., said he had been in touch with other athletes looking to file suits similar to Conine\u2019s. The filing, he said, is also an example of why the settlement should be approved.', u'\u201cPersonal injury cases can and will and should be brought on a case-by-case basis,\u201d he said.', u'Last week, an Ohio court ', u' brought by a former Bowling Green football player in 2013 over the university\u2019s handling of his ', u'. That suit seeks in excess of $25,000 in damages.']), ([u'Longtime Assistants Relish Ride With American Pharoah'], [u'The assistant trainer Jimmy Barnes watched the race that changed everything from behind the winner\u2019s circle. He was calm and introspective, thinking about his father, Laverne, who had died 15 years earlier, almost to the day. He watched his family, including his wife, Dana, who works alongside him in Bob Baffert\u2019s barn, cheer and cry and cheer some more.', u'Then the horse he had waited a lifetime for, the 12th ', u' winner, American Pharoah, returned from his victory lap. Barnes could not help himself: He ran onto the track and greeted the champion and the jockey Victor Espinoza, and burst into tears.', u'He then escorted them into the winner\u2019s circle, where hundreds of well-wishers were waiting to greet the colt with the fluid stride who had just raced his way into history.', u'\u201cIt was insane, just the most wild scene, and it seemed to go on forever,\u201d Barnes said. \u201cPeople were just rushing in; it was like the floodgates opened. There was nowhere for the horse to go. He was pretty good about it, though. I kept him moving, using him as a battering ram to keep people out of the way until Bob could make his way in.\u201d', u'After escorting American Pharoah on a whirlwind journey that, starting in March, took them to California, Arkansas, Kentucky, Maryland and New York, Jimmy and Dana Barnes are perhaps closest to him. As Baffert\u2019s assistant since 1999, Jimmy Barnes, 55, is responsible for making sure the barn runs smoothly day to day. Dana Barnes, 51, has worked for Baffert even longer, exercising many of his top racehorses since 1997.', u'\u201cThey are a very important part of the whole operation; otherwise, I would just get completely burned out,\u201d Baffert, 62, said. \u201cEspecially Jimmy \u2014 he\u2019s my drone. I load the drone, and he goes out. And I\u2019m constantly changing my mind. So it drives him nuts.\u201d', u'On a recent morning at Churchill Downs in Louisville, Ky., where American Pharoah was stabled ahead of the ', u', Jimmy Barnes, riding the barn\u2019s pony Smokey and wearing a black helmet, black boots and black fringe chaps, escorted Dana Barnes, riding Cat Burglar and wearing a floral top, white helmet and white flak jacket, to the track. Baffert nudged them jokingly, \u201cCome on, you\u2019re cutting into my Waffle House time.\u201d', u'The couple often go on ski vacations with Baffert and his wife, Jill. \u201cThe way she is on skis is the way she is on a horse; she\u2019s pretty daring,\u201d Jill Baffert said of Dana Barnes. They are well versed in Baffert\u2019s humor, but they also know how seriously he takes training.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s got a great personality; he\u2019s very easy to work for,\u201d Jimmy Barnes said. \u201cYou just got to be very upfront and forward with him and tell him everything. Don\u2019t leave anything out. He wants all information. As long as I supply him with all the information, he reads in between the lines and he can tell by my body language, my voice, if I have a problem or something is going wrong.\u201d', u'The Barneses, who live in Glendora, Calif., have two daughters, Jenee, 27, and Jordan, 22. Jordan works in the marketing department at Santa Anita Park.', u'\u201cJordan would come to the barn when she was younger with Jimmy and loved it,\u201d Dana Barnes said. \u201cThen when she became a teenager, and it was: \u2018Get up at 5 o\u2019clock. Are you crazy?\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'For years, the Barneses never had a day off. Even now, those days are few and far between.', u'\u201cI had a great babysitter who I could have never lived without who came to my house at 5 a.m. seven days a week,\u201d Dana Barnes said. \u201cMy kids never knew the difference because they never knew what it was like to have parents around in the morning. But then again, I was done by 9 a.m.\u201d', u'A day like Saturday makes the sacrifices worth it, they said. In fact, after reaching the top of the sport with Baffert, Jimmy Barnes said he had never dreamed of going out on his own. He is way too competitive for that.', u'\u201cI really like to deal with these kinds of horses,\u201d he said. \u201cI trained on my own. It\u2019s difficult if you don\u2019t have the proper people backing you. Bob takes care of me very well.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cIt\u2019s less stress. You don\u2019t have to worry about payroll, feed bills, tack bills. All you have to worry about is the care and maintenance of the top thoroughbreds in the country. I\u2019m comfortable with that because I\u2019ve done it my entire life.\u201d', u'Despite American Pharoah\u2019s gentle nature, caring for him has not been easy: The colt has more frequent-flier miles than many businessmen. The Barneses have spent the most time with him in Louisville, where they stay at a Residence Inn near the racetrack. The nearby \u201cfluff and fold\u201d has been a lifesaver, Dana Barnes said, and the extra television quite possibly saved the marriage. \u201cI can only watch so much \u2018American Pickers\u2019 and \u2018Pawn Stars,\u2019\xa0\u201d she said.', u'Baffert said it was rare that a wife-and-husband team got along as well as they do. Dana Barnes agreed.', u'\u201cWe just have opposite personalities,\u201d she said. \u201cI\u2019m super-laid-back, and he\u2019s superintense. If I had his personality we probably would have killed each other.\u201d', u'In fact, the term \u201cold married couple\u201d probably applies more to Jimmy Barnes and Bob Baffert, who call and text each other constantly. \u201cHe\u2019s the first person he talks to after he wakes up and the last one before he goes to bed,\u201d Jill Baffert said.', u'No one was prepared for the call that came in late March 2012. Baffert had a heart attack while in Dubai to race Game On Dude in the Dubai World Cup.', u'\u201cHe was still training as they were rolling him into surgery,\u201d Jill Baffert said. \u201cHe was telling me who to call.\u201d', u'Bob Baffert had ', u' inserted into two badly blocked arteries and made a full recovery.', u'\u201cThat was definitely a nerve-racking time,\u201d Dana Barnes said. \u201cI\u2019m just so optimistic; it never crossed my mind that it wouldn\u2019t be O.K. Then you realized how severe it was: They call the heart attack he had the widow maker.\u201d', u'If anything, the health scare has mellowed Baffert. As he navigated his way through his fourth ', u' attempt after failing with Silver Charm (1997), Real Quiet (1998) and War Emblem (2002), he was relaxed and reflective. If it happens, great, he said, if not, life goes on. And if it does not go on, well, after Saturday, he has already seen and done it all.', u'\u201cWe have a thing where if something happens to me, all the equipment, the tack and everything, it\u2019s all his,\u201d Baffert said of Jimmy Barnes. \u201cJust take it and go on \u2014 and sell Jill\u2019s horses immediately.\u201d', u'After sleeping an hour Saturday night, Jimmy Barnes returned to the place where he feels most comfortable. He loaded the equipment and the horses onto the trailer. But before that, he and American Pharoah made an appearance on the \u201cToday\u201d show.', u'\u201cHe was very laid-back; he came right on the set and stood perfectly still,\u201d he said of the Triple Crown winner. \u201cIt was like leading Mr. Ed around.\u201d', u'Then they flew to Louisville, the city that Jimmy Barnes now calls his second home. His wife flew back to Los Angeles with their daughters. She said she was looking forward to catching up on the Triple Crown coverage that she counted on her sister-in-law to keep track of in scrapbooks.', u'Before Real Quiet and War Emblem faltered in the Belmont, she snapped a photograph of Jenee and Jordan in front of the Secretariat statue in the paddock.\xa0On Saturday, she did the same.', u'On Sunday, as the van carrying American Pharoah made its way with a police escort to Barn 33 at Churchill Downs, helicopters circled overhead and people lined the streets to wave at the most famous horse in America. The scene harked back to a time when horse racing and its stars dominated sports pages from coast to coast.', u'Ahead of the Stephen Foster Handicap on Saturday night at Churchill Downs, American Pharoah will be paraded around the track, and the winning connections will be presented with engraved ', u' trophies. Until then, they are content with savoring the moment.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s about time \u2014 the sport needs it,\u201d Jimmy Barnes said of winning the Triple Crown. \u201cPeople thought it was never going to happen. But I told Bob, \u2018If anyone is going to do it, we\u2019re going to do it.\u2019 We\u2019ve got great horses, and we\u2019ve been here before. You never know when there will be another one. You need a once-in-a-lifetime horse, and we\u2019ve got one.\u201d']), ([u'Live and Kicking: Soccer Games to Watch'], [u'The European leagues are done but the soccer never stops. The soccer editor Andrew Das tells you what to watch.', u'The Women\u2019s World Cup opened over the weekend, and the United States finally will get its feet put to the fire \u2014 almost literally, if the stories about the scorching artificial turf are true \u2014 when it faces Australia on Monday night in Winnipeg (7:30 p.m., Eastern time, Fox Sports 1). Expect to hear a lot about Hope Solo. Do not expect her to be called upon to do a great deal against the Matildas.', u'The Americans\u2019 second group game is Friday against Sweden (8 p.m., Fox). Just a note for interested viewers: Fox Sports appears to be listing game-time-minus-one-hour in its promos, so unless you like watching as many as six people sit around a table and chat for an hour, make sure you know when the ball is to be kicked for any game you want to see.', u'The United States has reached the knockout stages of FIFA\u2019s under-20 World Cup in New Zealand, which is a good thing. Their round-of-16 match against Colombia is Wednesday at 3:30 a.m., which is not, at least if you live in the eastern United States. Fox Sports 1 will have the game; you will have to bring the coffee yourself.', u'The full United States national team plays Germany in Cologne later that day at the significantly more comfortable hour of 2:45 p.m. on FS1.', u'Last but surely not least, the Copa Am\xe9rica kicks off in Chile on Thursday, with the host playing Ecuador (7:30 p.m., beIN) in Santiago. The tournament, when not mired in scandal over its TV rights, is solid summer programming: Lionel Messi will play for Argentina, Neymar for Brazil, Alexis S\xe1nchez for Chile. You will also have a chance to see something you missed at last summer\u2019s World Cup: James Rodr\xedguez and Radamel Falcao on the same Colombia team. The Colombians open on Sunday against Venezuela (3 p.m., beIN).']), ([u'N.B.A. Finals: In Overtime, Missed Shots and Foul Calls Were the Key'], [u'For the first time in N.B.A. finals history, Games 1 and 2 ', u'. Once again, fans were treated to five tense, vital minutes between two of the best teams in basketball, the Golden State Warriors and the ', u'.', u'And on Sunday night, neither seemed to be able to make a basket.', u'The Cavaliers shot 1 for 8 in overtime, and they won the game. Iman Shumpert hit their one bucket, a 3-pointer that put them on the board 1 minute 13 seconds in, but he also had a layup blocked. ', u' was 0 for 3. Matthew Dellavedova and J.R. Smith both missed. James Jones missed a wide-open 3 that would have put his team ahead with 11 seconds left.', u'The Warriors made just two shots, both by Draymond Green from inside two feet. Stephen Curry was 0 for 4, had two turnovers and put up an air ball with a chance to retake the lead with seven seconds left. Over all in the game, Curry was 5 for 23 from the floor and 2 for 15 from 3-point range, bringing up memories of John Starks\u2019s 2-for-18 and 0-for-11 performance for the Knicks in Game 7 of the 1994 finals.', u'With both teams missing the net in the extra period, the game came down to foul calls, no-calls and free throws.', u'James drew two fouls in the overtime, making three of four free throws. But he was also the victim of a few no-calls, most egregiously when Andre Iguodala came down hard on his arm as he went up to shoot with about a minute and a half left. The whistle blew, but it was for a shot clock violation on the Cavaliers.', u'James also could have had a call when tangling with Green with 45 seconds left; it was called a jump ball instead. And on the jump, Green grabbed James\u2019s shoulder. No foul was called, and James caught the ball without tipping it, leading to a turnover.', u'These decisions were highlighted when Curry craftily leaned into Smith near the 3-point line with 30 seconds left, working a foul. He sank the two free throws to give Golden State the lead for the first time since the first half.', u'But a controversy was avoided when a big foul call did go the Cavaliers\u2019 way with 10 seconds left. Dellavedova, fighting for a rebound, was fouled by Harrison Barnes. He made both free throws to put the Cavs up by 1.', u'In all, despite the James no-calls, the Cavaliers drew three fouls in overtime to the Warriors\u2019 one.', u'After Curry\u2019s air ball, a free throw by James and a Curry turnover, the game was over.', u'Final score in overtime: 8-6. Of such margins, championships are made.']), ([u'Scouting a Mystery World Cup Opponent Can Take Some Detective Work'], [u'It is not uncommon, even if one knows quite a bit about international soccer, to know very little about the women\u2019s national teams of Ivory Coast and Thailand. So Germany Coach Silvia Neid admits freely that she was in the dark when they were put in her first-round group for the Women\u2019s World Cup.', u'\u201cTo be honest, we knew very little about both teams at the draw,\u201d she said in an interview before the tournament.', u'It did not matter much \u2014 Germany ', u', 10-0, on Sunday and most likely will do something similar to Thailand next Monday \u2014 but Neid acknowledged that there remained a professional obligation to at least have an idea what might be coming from every opponent. (Thailand, for example, seemed to catch Norway by surprise with its speed Sunday, nearly scoring a stunning goal on a counterattack only minutes into what would become an easy 4-0 victory for the Norwegians.)', u'In the age of an expanded Women\u2019s World Cup, which this year grew to 24 teams for the first time, Neid and Germany are not alone. This year\u2019s tournament, in Canada, includes eight teams \u2014 one-third of the field \u2014 making World Cup debuts. The new faces include not only the Thais and Ivorians but up-and-coming European teams like Spain and the Netherlands.', u'Japan, the defending champion, was grouped with three newcomers in the first round: Switzerland, Cameroon and Ecuador.', u'Every national team program has its own method of keeping up with scheduled and potential opponents, but not all have the resources to do as much scouting as they would like. Instead, some coaches lean on a global network of friends and colleagues, but also on television broadcasts, online video clips and invaluable visits to regional or international tournaments.', u'In the most extreme cases, there is always old-school espionage. Coach Pia Sundhage of Sweden said that several years ago, when she was coaching the United States women\u2019s team, she had a friend from her days working in China help sneak her into a closed-door scrimmage to get a peek at North Korea\u2019s team before the 2011 World Cup.', u'\u201cIt wasn\u2019t perfect,\u201d Sundhage said. \u201cBut in that situation, you take what you can get.\u201d', u'The best way to level the playing field in women\u2019s soccer is through the one thing many teams do not have enough of: money. Established teams like the United States, Germany and France are effectively professional organizations with their own coaching and training staffs, and they hold regular camps and travel widely. Brazil, another title contender in Canada and next year\u2019s Olympic host in Rio de Janeiro, established an 18-month residency camp for its women\u2019s team this year.', u'But Ivory Coast had played only once in the eight months before its thumping by the Germans on Sunday. When Cameroon opened World Cup play against Ecuador on Monday, it was only its fourth match this year. Ecuador was playing its fifth.', u'Coach Tony Readings of New Zealand often has a different problem with preparation: Sometimes he has trouble merely keeping up with his own players. New Zealand\u2019s women are scattered among teams around the world, and while the Ferns\u2019 budget has increased as they enter their third straight World Cup, Readings still has to make tough choices about how to spend every dollar.', u'\u201cThat is an issue,\u201d he said. \u201cSo we get players to send footage, and we obviously keep an eye on their results. We\u2019d love to go over and see them play more, but you just have to decide what the priority is.\u201d', u'Readings said countries like the United States, France, Sweden and Germany benefit from having established leagues that keep many of their players nearby, and thus available to their national team coaches at any time.', u'\u201cA lot of our players are based a long way away,\u201d Readings said before New Zealand played the United States in April, \u201cso we can\u2019t have a camp for a week like the U.S.\u201d', u'Because New Zealand\u2019s qualifying schedule is so short \u2014 Oceania decides its qualifier in a single tournament over about a week \u2014 Readings has focused recently on scheduling friendlies against better opposition. Before its opener against the Netherlands on Saturday, New Zealand had already played games at Denmark, the United States and Spain. It picked up another friendly at Japan on its way to Canada.', u'\u201cNot many teams want to travel to New Zealand,\u201d Readings said. \u201cNormally, it\u2019s us that travels overseas.\u201d', u'That can get expensive, making larger tournaments like the annual Algarve Cup and the Cyprus Cup valuable scouting combines. The United States is a regular at the Algarve, an annual event on the southern Portugal coast that in a good year puts together a field to rival the World Cup. The United States beat three World Cup qualifiers \u2014 Norway, Switzerland and France \u2014 en route to this year\u2019s Algarve title in March. That same week, six other World Cup teams met at the Cyprus Cup, where England beat Canada in the final.', u'The world is getting smaller, too. Canada Coach John Herdman said that teams now connected with the performance analysts of rival teams to share video. For instance, he said, China would have video of Thailand from Asian qualifiers. So if he needed it, he said, he could call China and say, can we have all of Thailand\u2019s footage?', u'\u201cAnd they\u2019ll say, \u2018Yeah, yeah, no problem; can we have all the United States footage?\u2019\xa0\u201d he said. \u201c\xa0\u2018Yeah, yeah, no problem.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'African teams remain more of a mystery. Nigeria, the continental champion, has played only two friendlies in the past seven months. Ivory Coast qualified for the World Cup last October, then did not play an official match until May, when it lost an exhibition against Cameroon in Abidjan.', u'In the end, Germany did not need any scouting help to rout Ivory Coast. But still, Neid said, \u201cwe prefer to see them with our own eyes.\u201d']), ([u"Chicago Can't Cash in Chances, Trail Stanley Cup Final 2-1"], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane came up empty-handed for the Chicago Blackhawks. Marian Hossa missed a wide open net, too, against a goalie who looked like he was having trouble moving.', u'It all added up to a 3-2 loss to the Tampa Bay Lightning in Game 3 of the Stanley Cup finals and one big missed opportunity for the Blackhawks.', u'"It\'s frustrating," Toews said. "A lot of the things that we did today gave us the feeling we were going to come out on top."', u'An ailing Ben Bishop stood his ground in goal and Cedric Paquette scored in the closing minutes to give Tampa Bay the victory and a 2-1 lead in the series.', u"Chicago outshot the Lightning 38-32, but couldn't solve Bishop. And just when the United Center crowd was getting ready for overtime, Paquette netted the game-winner on a beautiful pass from defenseman Victor Hedman at 16:49.", u'The Blackhawks trail 2-1 in the series and will once again have to rely on the resolve that has carried them to two Stanley Cups since 2010 after they let a game that seemed to be theirs for the taking slip away. Game 4 is at the United Center on Wednesday.', u'The Blackhawks were playing at home after splitting the first two games on the road and facing a goalie whose status was in question after he left the previous game. A 19-7 edge in shots in the first period resulted in only one goal, with Hossa missing a wide open net and Teuvo Teravainen failing to convert another chance not long after that.', u'As frustrating as those missed opportunities were, the lack of scoring from Toews and Kane also stood out.', u'The two superstars have combined for just one point in the series, an assist by Toews. Kane at least had three shots on goal after failing to register one in Game 2.', u'But neither scored even though Bishop was clearly not at full strength.', u'"We could see that. He\'s fighting just like anyone else is in this series," Toews said.', u"The Blackhawks took a 2-1 lead at 4:14 of the third period when Brandon Saad fired in a one-timer from the slot off a pass from Hossa in the left point for his seventh goal of the postseason. But Tampa Bay's Ondrej Palat tied it just 13 seconds later when he knocked a loose puck past Chicago goalie Corey Crawford's glove.", u'The big question coming in was whether Bishop would be in goal for the Lightning after he left Game 2 in the third period, returned for a brief stretch and exited for good.', u"Tampa Bay was tight-lipped about his ailment. The Lightning even had third-string goalie Kristers Gudlevskis ride the bus to the arena. But Bishop, Tampa Bay's single-season victories record-holder, was in the lineup instead of Andrei Vasilevskiy.", u'He seemed to be struggling to move in net and found himself face down on the ice after Saad got pushed into him and hit him in the face with his left hand late in the second period. In the end, he was up for the task \u2014 especially in the opening period.  Tampa Bay went more than 13 minutes without a shot at one point, but Chicago simply could not convert.', u"Hossa let a huge chance slip away, missing a wide open net after an awkward deflection took Bishop out of position. Hossa got tripped by Tampa Bay's Braydon Coburn and the shot went wide. Then, Teravainen just missed another open net.", u"The Blackhawks finally caught a break and tied it at 1-1 on a power play goal at 14:22 by Brad Richards, whose shot from the blue line deflected off Bishop's glove.", u'"I liked their first period," coach Joel Quenneville said. "We had two empty nets and didn\'t capitalize on either one. We still had 1-1. Scored a big power play goal, got some excitement. The crowd was there. I thought we had a good first, they had a good second. Third was even. Tough loss."']), ([u'Scorers Have Been Silent, but Blackhawks Remain Confident'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014 During Jonathan Toews\u2019s first N.H.L. postseason in 2009, the ', u' lost the opening game of their Western Conference semifinal against Vancouver.', u'\u201cAll of a sudden, that thought crosses your mind that, I guess, \u2018Better luck next year and that\u2019s the way it\u2019s going to go,\u2019\xa0\u201d Toews said.', u'Two nights later, the Blackhawks won to even the series.', u'\u201cYou get the feeling that you\u2019re going all the way to the Cup and nothing can stop you,\u201d Toews said.', u'Toews is 27 now and the captain of the Blackhawks. He no longer expends as much emotional energy between games. Chasing his third Stanley Cup in six seasons, he is mature enough to recognize that nothing is ever as good as it seems. Or as bad.', u'That counsel is particularly instructive at this juncture of the Stanley Cup finals, which the ', u' lead, two games to one. Toews has yet to score, and neither has Chicago\u2019s other best offensive player, Patrick Kane. Stymied by Tampa Bay\u2019s speed in the neutral zone, they have combined for one point, an assist from Toews in Game 2.', u'Asked Tuesday if the Blackhawks could win the series if that trend continued, Toews paused for a few seconds before answering.', u'\u201cSure,\u201d he said.', u'Then he elaborated.', u'\u201cI think the two of us always feel that expectation, or that pressure, to contribute offensively,\u201d he said. \u201cBut we\u2019ve got a lot of guys who can do it. As long as we\u2019re playing smart, two-way hockey and we\u2019re creating and bringing in energy, eventually something\u2019s got to tip.\u201d', u'That perspective is endorsed by Coach Joel Quenneville, who has overseen their development \u2014 Kane morphing into an elite and creative scorer, Toews emerging as perhaps the best two-way player in the league \u2014 over the past seven seasons. Only once during that time, across 19 previous postseason series \u2014 the first round in 2013, when the Blackhawks clobbered Minnesota in five games \u2014 has neither player scored. Chicago went on to win the Cup that year, when it teamed for 12 goals and 26 points during the rest of the playoffs.', u'The last time Kane was held without a point in the first three games of a series, he erupted for two goals and eight assists over the next four, in the 2014 conference finals against the Los Angeles Kings. The year before against the Kings, Kane registered one assist in the first three games before scoring four goals, including the hat-trick-capping series clincher in double overtime, in the next two.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re going to need our top guys to be productive,\u201d Quenneville said. \u201cLike we always say, we don\u2019t care who scores for our team. But they usually lead the charge.\u201d', u'Even for players of their caliber, going three games without scoring is common. During the regular season, Toews endured 10 goalless stretches of that length \u2014 including one of 11 games \u2014 while Kane, who missed seven weeks with a broken collarbone, had five.', u'As Lightning Coach Jon Cooper said, \u201cIt\u2019s really, really hard to score every night.\u201d', u'What magnifies their output, beyond the supercharged setting of the finals, is that the Blackhawks\u2019 other primary scorers have also struggled. Marian Hossa, Brandon Saad and Patrick Sharp have teamed for one goal, by Saad in the third period Monday. Even though Steven Stamkos, whose 43 goals ranked second in the N.H.L., has not scored this series, either, the Lightning have received superb production from everyone else. Every member of the so-called Triplets \u2014 Tyler Johnson, Ondrej Palat and Nikita Kucherov \u2014 has scored, while Ryan Callahan, the third-line right wing, leads the team with four points.', u'\u201cWe want to shut down their guys, and they want to shut down ours,\u201d said Lightning left wing Brenden Morrow. \u201cIt\u2019s kind of fallen on the shoulders of some secondary guys that stepped up in a big way.\u201d', u'Morrow was alluding to the phenomenon common at this time of year, when teams deploy certain players to neutralize their foe\u2019s stars. It is how third-line centers, like Tampa Bay\u2019s Cedric Paquette and Chicago\u2019s Antoine Vermette, come to score critical goals, while players like Kane can be held without a shot on goal, as was the case in Game 2.', u'To combat this, to ensure that either Kane or Toews would not have to contend with the smothering defensive pairing of Victor Hedman and Anton Stralman or the line centered by the pesky Paquette, Quenneville has separated them.', u'Their status \u2014 are they playing together or not? \u2014 has been a source of tremendous fascination, and angst, and the ferocity with which the subject has been discussed bordered on obsessive. It has even spawned a nickname: the nuclear option.', u'Kane and Toews began their careers by playing on the same line regularly. Then they did not. Then they did. Then they did not. Quenneville reunited them late in Game 5 of the conference finals against Anaheim, and the Blackhawks responded by winning the next two, including Game 7, in which Toews scored two goals and Kane had three assists. Searching for scoring balance, Quenneville split them late in Game 2 of the finals.', u'\u201cWe usually do things when we don\u2019t like the way things are going, or we don\u2019t like the results,\u201d Quenneville said. \u201cThat can lead us to try things.\u201d', u'Judging by Chicago\u2019s success, many of those things tend to work: In playoff Games 4 through 7 under Quenneville, it is 40-14, including 23-6 during the past three years. That experience has been valuable for Toews.', u'\u201cAs far as scoring goals and contributing the way I know I can, yeah, it\u2019s frustrating, it\u2019s tough when it doesn\u2019t happen,\u201d Toews said. \u201cBut you just keep going and have confidence that eventually something will happen and work out in your favor.\u201d']), ([u'NBC Announces 12-Year Deal to Televise the British Open'], [u'Nearly two years ago, the NBC Sports Group was stung when it lost the rights to televise the ', u' to Fox.', u' made clear its dissatisfaction with the bidding process that would sever its long relationship with the tournament. NBC was losing not only a prestigious property to Fox \u2014 which did not carry golf \u2014 but also its only golf major. For NBC, acquiring a new major for itself and Golf Channel, its cable sibling under Comcast, was important if not imperative.', u'On Monday, NBC announced that in 2017 it would start showing the British Open in a 12-year deal that will cost it at least $50 million annually, about double ESPN\u2019s fees during its current eight-year contact. No rival network appears to have needed it as much as NBC or was willing to spend as much for it. ESPN still has the cable rights to the Masters, but it is also losing its United States Open rights.', u'Mark Lazarus, chairman of NBC Sports Group, said in an interview: \u201cThis is an affirmation of the way the golf industry looks at us and Golf Channel as an important part of the golf media world.\u201d', u'Earlier this year, after ESPN\u2019s exclusive period of negotiations with the Royal and Ancient Golf Club of St. Andrews expired, the club was free to gauge the interest of United States networks. NBC responded. So did Fox and, in a partnership, CBS and Turner. Soon after, Lazarus, Mike McCarley, the president of Golf Channel, and Tommy Roy, NBC\u2019s lead golf producer, met with club officials to show their plan for marketing, programming and production.', u'\u201cWe had some back and forth, but it happened quickly after they took in the bids,\u201d Lazarus said. Over the weekend, NBC was told that it was the winner.', u'ABC Sports first carried the British Open, formally called the Open Championship, in 1962, with taped highlights on \u201cWide World of Sports.\u201d ESPN eventually acquired early-round cable rights, but it was supplanted in 2003 by TNT. But in 2009, ESPN became the exclusive live broadcaster of the event, and ABC\u2019s role shifted to showing highlights.', u'ESPN, in its statement, said: \u201cWe look forward to televising the Open Championships and other R&A championships this year and next year and wish them the best in the future.\u201d', u'The British Open starts in the morning in the United States and attracts the smallest audience of the four majors. Viewership for the final rounds of the majors last year showed the Masters at 11.1 million, the P.G.A. Championship at 8.3 million, the United States Open at 4.6 million and the British Open at 3.3 million, according to Nielsen.', u'Lazarus said he would have pursued British Open rights even if NBC had been able to keep the United States Open. \u201cI wasn\u2019t pleased that we didn\u2019t retain it,\u201d he said. \u201cBut I\u2019ve moved on from it. You can\u2019t live your life in the past. We have important PGA Tour events, the Players Championship, the FedEx playoffs and the Ryder Cup.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cNow we have the Open Championship from a broadcast-cable point of view.\u201d', u'Fox will inaugurate its 12-year contract to carry the United States Open on June 18 from Chambers Bay Golf Course in Washington State, with Joe Buck and Greg Norman as its lead announcing team.']), ([u'Kemp, Kimbrel Lead Padres Over Braves in 11 Innings'], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Matt Kemp drove in the go-ahead run with a loud double, former Braves star Craig Kimbrel earned his 200th career save and the San Diego Padres beat Atlanta 5-3 in 11 innings on Monday night.', u'The Padres forced extra innings by scoring one run off Braves closer Jason Grilli in the ninth.', u'Justin Upton, facing Atlanta for the first time since his offseason trade from the Braves, led off the 11th with a walk from Cody Martin (2-3).', u"Upton stole second and easily scored when Kemp doubled off the left-field wall. Kemp scored on Alexi Amarista's double.", u'Kimbrel made a triumphant return to Atlanta after being traded to the Padres in early April, recording the final three outs. He reached the milestone in his 318th game \u2014 faster than any pitcher in major league history. Jonathan Papelbon recorded his 200th save in his 359th game for the previous fastest pace', u'Kimbrel struck out Todd Cunningham to clinch his 14th save.', u'Brandon Maurer (3-0) retired the Braves in order in the 10th.', u"Grilli, hurt by his throwing error on a pickoff attempt, couldn't hold a 3-2 lead in the ninth. He blew his second save in 17 chances.", u'Yonder Alonso led off the ninth with a ground-rule double that bounced over the right-field wall before Grilli struck out Will Middlebrooks.', u"Atlanta fans booed as Melvin Upton Jr., who struggled in his two seasons with the Braves, entered the game as a pinch-runner for Alonso. He moved to third when Grilli's wild pickoff throw sailed into center field for an error. Upton, who came off the disabled list before the game after missing two months with a left foot injury, scored the tying run on Cory Spangenberg's sacrifice fly.", u'Cameron Maybin drove in a run with two hits against his former San Diego teammates. Braves starter Shelby Miller allowed only five hits and one run in seven innings as he lowered his ERA to 1.84.', u"Maybin, acquired by Atlanta as part of the trade that sent closer Kimbrel to the Padres, kept hitting well. He had a run-scoring single in Atlanta's three-run third inning and added another single in the fifth. Since May 15 he has raised his batting average from .216 to .299.", u"San Diego's Ian Kennedy allowed three runs on eight hits in five innings.", u'Justin Upton, who like Kimbrel had a warm greeting from Atlanta fans, was 0 for 4 with two strikeouts, a walk and a run-scoring groundout in the eighth.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Padres:  RHP Brandon Morrow, on the 15-day DL with right shoulder inflammation, has returned to San Diego for a MRI after feeling discomfort in the shoulder in a rehab start with Double-A San Antonio on Sunday. Manager Bud Black said it was a setback for Morrow, who was 2-0 with a 2.73 ERA in five starts before the injury.', u'Braves: Utility player Kelly Johnson (right oblique strain) was 0 for 3 with a strikeout as he started his injury rehabilitation assignment at Triple-A Gwinnett. He has missed 22 games and still ranks second on the team with six homers.', u'UP NEXT', u'Padres: James Shields, off to the best start in his career, will look for his eighth straight win to open then season when he faces the Braves on Tuesday night. At 7-0, he has the best start for a Padres pitcher since Andy Hawkins was 11-0 in 1985.', u'Braves: Rookie RHP Mike Foltynewicz, who has won only one of his last five starts, will face the Padres for the first time. Foltynewicz is 3-2 after winning his first two starts.']), ([u'Royals Take Opener vs. Twins 3-1 to Move Into 1st'], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  Jason Vargas threw six shutout innings and Kendrys Morales hit a long home run against his former team to push the Kansas City Royals to a 3-1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Monday night.', u'Vargas (5-2) gave up five hits and struck out two, Morales hit a two-run shot in the second inning and Eric Hosmer drove in another run in the eighth to move the AL champion Royals (32-23) ahead of the Twins (33-24) by percentage points for first place in the AL Central. Greg Holland got his 10th save in 11 chances.', u"Phil Hughes (4-6) had one of his strongest outings of the season for the Twins, but didn't get enough from his offense. Hughes gave up three runs on seven hits and struck out three.", u'Eddie Rosario had two hits, including a solo homer for Minnesota.']), ([u'Reds Finally Get to Hamels, Beat Phillies 6-4 on De Jesus HR'], [u'CINCINNATI \u2014  Ivan De Jesus Jr. hit the first homer of his big league career, the Cincinnati Reds finally beat Cole Hamels with the help of a couple of Phillies misplays that set up a 6-4 victory over Philadelphia on Monday night.', u'De Jesus hit a tiebreaking, two-run homer in the sixth inning off Hamels (5-5), who was unbeaten in 14 career starts against Cincinnati, including the playoffs.', u'Mike Leake (3-4) got his first win since May 6. He gave up three runs and 10 hits in six innings, including three hits by Maikel Franco. Aroldis Chapman walked two and let in a run on a wild pitch while getting his 11th save in 12 chances.', u'Heading into the game, Hamels was 10-0 with 1.45 ERA against the Reds, including a shutout during the 2010 playoffs. The Phillies had won all 14 games.']), ([u'Lightning Beat Blackhawks 3-2, Lead Stanley Cup Final 2-1'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Victor Hedman is throwing a party at the Stanley Cup Final, and the Tampa Bay Lightning are having a great time so far.', u"Hedman had two assists while hounding Chicago's elite group of forwards, and the Lightning beat the Blackhawks 3-2 on Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven series.", u'"To be able to contribute and see how much this means to Tampa is my No. 1 priority," Hedman said. "Like I said all playoffs, I want to be a difference-maker on the ice on both ends, and it doesn\'t matter what type of game it is and what game it is. I always want to try to get better."', u"Ryan Callahan, Ondrej Palat and Cedric Paquette scored in Tampa Bay's second straight win, and Ben Bishop made 36 saves in a gutsy performance after he was questionable coming into the night. Game 4 is Wednesday night in Chicago.", u'Brad Richards and Brandon Saad scored for the Blackhawks and Corey Crawford finished with 29 stops. Marian Hossa had two assists after he missed a golden opportunity in the first period.', u'"Just a couple of little bad habits that ended up hurting us," captain Jonathan Toews said. "We\'re all responsible for that."', u"Toews and Patrick Kane have seen a lot of Tampa Bay's top defensive pairing of Hedman and Anton Stralman through the first part of the final, and the two key scorers for the Blackhawks have combined for just one point. Hedman also has contributed two assists in each of the last two games.", u'"Victor Hedman, what he\'s doing, I mean, this is clearly his coming-out party," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "He sets that one up and then makes a big-time play on the winner. He was a monster out there tonight."', u'The third consecutive one-goal game in the final was tied at 1 after two periods, and then tied again after the teams exchanged goals in a 13-second burst in the third. But Hedman helped the Lightning take the lead for good when he skated into the corner and made a perfect pass to Paquette in the middle for his third goal of the playoffs with 3:11 remaining, silencing the United Center crowd of 22,336.', u'"Hedy got the puck at the blue line," Paquette said. "I just went to the net, he gave it to me. I waited until the goalie couldn\'t see the puck."', u"After nearly two days' worth of speculation, Bishop led the Lightning out of the tunnel for warmups and got the start in goal. He participated in the morning skate, but there was no definitive word on his status until he was announced as the starter right before the game.", u"The 6-foot-7 Bishop left two different times during the third period of Tampa Bay's 4-3 victory in Game 2 on Saturday night. The team has not provided a reason for his twin departures, but he appeared to be dealing with some sort of groin or leg injury as he struggled to get up and down for much of the night. He shed no light on the situation after Game 3.", u'"It\'s going to take a lot not to play in a Stanley Cup Final game personally," Bishop said.', u"The Lightning got the first goal for the fourth straight time when Hedman made a terrific stretch pass to an open Callahan for a big drive over Crawford's left shoulder at 5:09 of the first.", u'The Blackhawks dominated the rest of the period. Hossa wasted a prime opportunity when his shot on an open net was wide left as he tumbled to the ice. Teuvo Teravainen also shot it wide on a good look while Bishop struggled to move around the goal.', u"Tampa Bay defenseman Braydon Coburn was sent off for hooking with 7:18 left, and the Blackhawks capitalized on their first power-play opportunity. With Andrew Shaw lurking in front of the goal, Richards' big slap shot went off the top of Bishop's glove and into the net for his third goal of the playoffs.", u'"I liked their first period," Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said. "We had two empty nets and didn\'t capitalize on either one. We still had 1-1. Scored a big power-play goal, got some excitement. The crowd was there. I thought we had a good first, they had a good second. Third was even. Tough loss."', u'NOTES: Blackhawks D Johnny Oduya missed the last part of the second, but returned for the start of the third. "We\'ll see," Quenneville said. "We\'ll see tomorrow how he presents." ... Blackhawks F Bryan Bickell and rookie D Trevor van Riemsdyk each made their first appearance of the series. Bickell had been sidelined by vertigo, while van Riemsdyk was coming back from surgeries on his left knee and right wrist. It was the first NHL game for van Riemsdyk since Nov. 16. ... Nikita Nesterov returned to Tampa Bay\'s lineup, giving the Lightning seven active defensemen. Rookie winger Jonathan Drouin was scratched. ... It was Richards\' first goal in the Stanley Cup Final since he scored for Tampa Bay in Game 6 of the 2004 series against Calgary.', u'___']), ([u'Blue Jays Score 6 in 1st, Beat Miami for 6th Straight Win'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games with an RBI single during a six-run first inning and the Toronto Blue Jays routed the Miami Marlins 11-3 Monday night for their sixth win in a row.', u'Josh Donaldson homered and drove in three runs for Toronto, the top-scoring team in the majors.', u"The Blue Jays have gotten at least six runs in six straight games, their best such streak since a seven-game burst in 2000. They've also scored 10 or more 10 times this year, matching all of last year's total.", u"Miami's Giancarlo Stanton hit his 19th home run, matching Bryce Harper for the NL lead, and also doubled twice.", u'Marco Estrada (3-3) allowed three runs in seven innings. He won back-to-back starts for the first time since last June with Milwaukee.', u'Brad Hand (1-2) gave up six runs while getting only two outs.', u'Toronto quickly gave Estrada all the support he needed.', u'Danny Valencia hit a bases-loaded, two-run double, Kevin Pillar hit a two-run single and Munenori Kawasaki doubled home a run.', u'It was the 21st time this season Toronto has scored four or more in an inning, more than any other team.', u"Kawasaki's hit finished Hand. Andre Rienzo came on and got Jose Reyes to ground out.", u'Donaldson made it 7-0 with a leadoff drive in the second, his 16th. He added a two-run single in the seventh.', u'The Blue Jays and Marlins met for the first time since June 2012, five months before the 12-player blockbuster trade that sent Jose Reyes, Josh Johnson and Mark Buehrle to Toronto for Adeiny Hechavarria, Henderson Alvarez, Jeff Mathis and several prospects.', u'"It has to be assessed now as a very fair trade for both sides," said Marlins manager Dan Jennings, Miami\'s assistant general manager at the time.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Marlins: Miami put RHP Bryan Morris (back) on the 15-day DL and recalled LHP Adam Conley from Triple-A New Orleans.', u'Blue Jays: Edwin Encarnacion (left shoulder) was unavailable for the second straight game after getting a cortisone shot Saturday. Manager John Gibbons said Encarnacion is expected to return Tuesday.', u'UP NEXT', u"Marlins: RHP Dan Haren (6-2, 3.18) has won his past two starts. He's 8-3 with a 4.99 ERA in 13 career games against Toronto, including 12 starts.", u'Blue Jays: LHP Mark Buehrle (7-4, 4.35) threw just 93 pitches in a six-hitter against Washington in his past start, winning his second straight outing. He went 13-13 with Miami in 2012 before being traded to Toronto.']), ([u'Rapinoe Leads U.S. Past Australia in World Cup'], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Megan Rapinoe scored twice to lead the United States to a 3-1 win over Australia in their Women's World Cup opener on Monday, extending their unbeaten run against the Matildas to 25 games.", u"Rapinoe's two strikes, on either side of halftime and another from Christen Press in the 61st minute powered the Americans to the top of Group D after Sweden and Nigeria had earlier battled to a 1-1 draw.", u'"That was a little bit of shaky game for us, especially the first 30 minutes, Hope (Solo) came up absolutely huge for us, I think she made three saves that I don\'t think anyone else in the world can make," Rapinoe told reporters.', u'"Three points. That\'s what is most important, especially in this group that is shaping up a little weird."', u'Having achieved just two draws in their 24 previous meetings against the U.S., Australia came out looking determined to end their frustration when Emily Van Egmond unleashed a thunderbolt from just inside the penalty area that forced a diving save from Hope Solo.', u"The U.S., however, drew first blood in the 12th minute when Rapinoe's long range shot deflected off an Australian defender leaving a flat-footed Melissa Barbieri no chance.", u'The goal did nothing to deflate the Matildas as Australia continued to push forward with Lisa De Vanna celebrating her 100th international appearance with her 36th goal to leave the sides level 1-1 at halftime.', u'The U.S. broke the deadlock in the 61st minute when Sydney Leroux made a deep run down the wing and fed an unmarked Press in the box before Rapinoe sealed victory in the 78th minute.', u'"Obviously very disappointed in the result, I felt the performance was quite good for large patches of the game," said Australian coach Alen Stajcic, whose side meet Nigeria on Friday.', u'"I thought we had plenty of chances, especially in the first 30 minutes, I guess a couple of bits of class in the end from Rapinoe changed the game.', u'"There are no easy games in this group and a long way to go."', u'No nation will face a tougher road to the final than those in Group D, which features three teams ranked in the top 10, the U.S. (2), Sweden (5), Australia (10) and the top African nation Nigeria (33).', u'The U.S. will next meet Sweden where they face an intriguing showdown with former coach Pia Sundhage, who had been in charge of the Americans for five years and led them to two Olympic gold medals and a runner-up finish in the 2011 World Cup.', u'"It\'s another opportunity to try and get some points," said U.S. coach Jill Ellis.', u'"It\'s going to be two teams that know each other very well."', u'(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Donald, Goosen and Janzen Among Those Earning Open Spots'], [u"(Reuters) - England's former world number one Luke Donald led a host of big-name players who fought their way through 36 holes of qualifying on Monday to secure spots at next week's U.S. Open.", u'At 10 sectional sites throughout the country, little-known competitors and former champions alike were battling for the chance to qualify for the June 18-21 U.S. Open at Chambers Bay in University Place, Washington.', u"Donald, a five-times winner on the PGA Tour who tied for eighth in the 2013 U.S. Open at Merion, fired scores of level-par 72 and 68 to advance with three other players from a field of 70 in the qualifier at The Bear's Club in Jupiter, Florida.", u'"It\'s been a while since I walked 36 holes, but we made it! @patgossnugolf did a fine job on the bag," Donald tweeted, referring to his swing coach Pat Goss, the man who recruited him and brought him to Northwestern University in the late 1990s.', u'Twice U.S. Open champion Lee Janzen, who clinched his first victory on the over-50s Champions Tour at the ACE Group Classic in February, headed four qualifiers in Purchase, New York.', u"Janzen, winner of the 1993 and 1998 U.S. Opens, shot 69 and 68 at Century Country Club and Old Oaks Country Club to book his place at the year's second major for the first time since 2008.", u'South African Retief Goosen, U.S. Open champion in 2001 and 2004, advanced with nine other players from a field of 121 in Memphis, Tennessee.', u"Japan's Ryo Ishikawa and Colombian Camilo Villegas were among 15 players who secured Open spots in Columbus, Ohio, where Washington State native Michael Putnam led the way after shooting 68 and 64.", u'Swede David Lingmerth, who won his first PGA Tour title by beating Justin Rose in a playoff for the Memorial Tournament on Sunday, failed to advance from Columbus after scores of 71 and 70.', u'Several big names withdrew from the qualifier in Columbus after play was suspended due to threatening weather after the first 18 holes -- including former world number one Vijay Singh and fellow PGA Tour veterans Steve Stricker and Stewart Cink.', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Cameroon Overpower Fellow Debutants Ecuador With 6-0 Win'], [u"(Reuters) - Gaelle Enganamouit scored a hat-trick as Cameroon belied their lowly world ranking of 53rd with a commanding 6-0 victory over fellow Women's World Cup debutants Ecuador in their Group C opener in Vancouver on Monday.", u"Les Lionnes, who qualified for the World Cup by finishing as runners-up at last year's African Women's Championship, took advantage of several defensive lapses by Ecuador with a three-goal burst in 11 minutes during the first half.", u'Madelaine Ngono Mani pounced on a rebound to score the opening goal in the 34th minute before fellow forward Enganamouit made it 2-0 just two minutes later with a right-footed blast.', u'The speedy Cameroon forwards dominated up front and Christine Manie struck from the penalty spot in the 44th minute after sending Ecuador goalkeeper Shirley Berruz the wrong way, burying the ball low to the left with a thunderous shot.', u'Ecuador were reduced to 10 players when defender Ligia Moreira was red carded in the 66th minute and Enganamouit took advantage seven minutes later when she found the back of the net from close range.', u"Gabrielle Aboudi Onguene, who orchestrated many of Cameroon's attacking moves in her 50th international match, scored from the penalty spot in the 79th minute before Enganamouit followed suit in the 94th to make it 6-0.", u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Australia Will Not Bid for FIFA Events Until Change'], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  Australia has shelved its bid for the 2023 Women\'s World Cup pending an "overhaul" of FIFA as the global football governing body reels from a corruption scandal.', u"Football Federation Australia (FFA) declared its intention to bid for the women's global showpiece a month ago, but its failed bid for the 2022 men's tournament has come under renewed scrutiny since the arrests of more than a dozen football and media executives for corruption.", u'"In the current volatile environment, FFA can give no consideration to bidding for any FIFA tournament," the FFA said in a statement on Tuesday.', u'"FFA has made it clear that major reform is needed. FIFA\'s problems are deep-rooted and tangled in a culture that has developed over decades.', u'"Until such time that the existing governance model is overhauled, it\'s hard to imagine the circumstances in which FFA would put Australia forward as a bidding nation."', u'The FFA declined to provide further comment when contacted by Reuters.', u'Australia successfully bid for and hosted the Asian Cup in January but garnered just one vote for the 2022 World Cup which was controversially awarded to Qatar, a tiny Middle Eastern country with scorching hot summers and no tradition of football.', u'The bidding process for 2022 is among a number of World Cups under investigation by U.S. and Swiss authorities for bribery allegations.', u"National police are probing Australia's 2022 bid which was criticised by FIFA's own ethics committee last year in a summary of a major investigation into all bidders for the tournament and the 2018 finals awarded to Russia.", u"Local lawmaker Nick Xenophon has also called for a parliamentary inquiry into Australia's bid.", u"FFA president Frank Lowy has been under pressure from local media to step down until Australia's bid is cleared but insists the country's bid was clean.", u"Australia's sports minister Sussan Ley said last week the government could not consider committing public money toward any future bid overseen by FIFA until major reform of the governance of global football.", u'(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Manfred: MLB to Re-evaluate Fan Safety After Fenway Accident'], [u'SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  Major League Baseball plans to re-evaluate fan safety at stadiums following the serious injury to a woman at Fenway Park last week.', u'Speaking before the amateur draft at MLB Network studios Monday night, Commissioner Rob Manfred said the sport must "react strongly" to Friday night\'s accident in Boston. Tonya Carpenter, 44, suffered what police initially said were life-threatening injuries when she was hit in the head by a broken bat during a game between the Red Sox and Oakland Athletics.', u'Her family issued a statement Monday saying Carpenter is responsive, and her condition at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center has been upgraded from serious to fair.', u'"When you have an issue like this, an incident like this, you have to go back and re-evaluate where you are on all of your safety issues and trust me, we will do that. Just like we are on a variety of issues right now at the beginning of my tenure," Manfred said.', u"Carpenter was sitting in one of the first few rows between home plate and the third base dugout, an area where fans are not protected by netting, when she was struck by a shattered bat that snapped as Oakland's Brett Lawrie hit a grounder.", u'Manfred was asked if MLB will consider requiring clubs to extend the protective netting beyond the area directly behind home plate.', u'"There\'s a variety of issues that we\'re going to take a fresh look at," he said. "You have to react strongly to an incident like this, but I think the best word for it is that we\'re going to re-evaluate where we are on the topic."', u'Concerned about a rash of flying broken bats and the danger they posed, Major League Baseball studied the issue in 2008 and implemented a series of changes to bat regulations for the following season.', u'Multi-piece bat failures are down about 50 percent since the beginning of the 2009 season, MLB said.', u'"I think it\'s important not to lose sight of the fact that we have taken important steps in this area," Manfred said. "Bat safety is much improved from where it was a few years ago. We\'ve spent a lot of time, effort and money to make sure that our bats are safer and we have less of these incidents."', u"Any potential adjustments could involve input from the players' association as well.", u'"Some of the changes would affect play on the field. The MLBPA might be involved in those discussions," Manfred said. "And then obviously us and the clubs. I mean, this is an important local issue, and as with all topics we want to make sure we know where our clubs are on a topic."']), ([u'Argentine Surrenders in FIFA Case'], [u'Alejandro Burzaco, an Argentine businessman indicted by United States authorities in connection to the FIFA corruption case, turned himself in to the police in the Italian city of Bolzano. Francesco Bianco, a police spokesman, said that Burzaco, who is accused of being involved in a $110 million bribe, was placed under house arrest.', u'\u25a0 Palmeiras fired Coach Oswaldo de Oliveira after the team won only one of its first six matches in the Brazilian league. The announcement came two days after the club lost, 2-1, at Figueirense to drop to 15th in the 20-team standings, just outside the relegation zone. Palmeiras is the eighth team to make a coaching change in the first six rounds of this year\u2019s Brazilian league.']), ([u'Czech Republic Coach Resigns'], [u'Vladimir Ruzicka, the Czech Republic ice hockey coach, has resigned after allegations by parents that he demanded money to give their sons a chance of playing when he was in charge of the Slavia Prague club. Ruzicka has denied any wrongdoing. (AP)']), ([u'Joey Votto Hits Three Homers in Reds\u2019 Rout of the Phillies'], [u'Joey Votto hit three homers in a game for the third time in his career \u2014 matching Johnny Bench as the only Reds players to do it \u2014 as Cincinnati walloped the Philadelphia Phillies, 11-2, on Tuesday night.', u'Votto hit two of the Reds\u2019 four homers off Aaron Harang (4-7), who had given up a total of four all season. Votto connected on solo shots in the third and fifth innings before adding a two-run homer in the seventh off Dustin McGowan. Votto, who walked and then scored on Zack Cozart\u2019s three-run homer in the first, grounded out in the eighth, finishing one homer shy of the major league single-game record.', u'Todd Frazier followed Votto\u2019s third-inning blast with his 17th homer of the season. Votto has 13.', u'Anthony DeSclafani (5-4) matched his career high by fanning seven batters and gave up two runs in six and a third innings.', u' Albert Pujols tied Mickey Mantle for 16th place on the career home run list, Kole Calhoun drove in a career-high four runs, and visiting Los Angeles ended a season-high five-game losing streak by routing Tampa Bay.', u'Pujols\u2019s 536th homer was an opposite-field shot to right field off Nathan Karns (3-3) in the fifth inning. Pujols has eight homers in his last 11 games, and 16 this season. Mike Schmidt is in 15th place on the career list, with 548.', u'Calhoun had an R.B.I. double during a two-run first, a sixth-inning run-scoring single, and a two-run single in a three-run eighth.', u'Chris Young took a no-hitter into the seventh inning, and Salvador Perez homered as Kansas City won at Minnesota.', u'Young (5-2) left after giving up a triple to Trevor Plouffe with one out in the seventh for his only hit of the game. Young struck out two batters and walked three to bounce back from a pair of ugly starts and put the Royals in a position to sweep the Twins on Wednesday.', u'Joey Terdoslavich led off the eighth inning with his first career home run, and host Atlanta rallied from a five-run deficit against James Shields to beat San Diego.', u'Pinch-hitting in only his fourth at-bat of the season, Terdoslavich drove a pitch from Joaquin Benoit (4-3) over the fence in right-center. Terdoslavich came off the disabled list Friday.', u'The Braves trailed by 5-0 before scoring five runs in the sixth off Shields. Three reviews of calls at the plate were decided in Atlanta\u2019s favor.', u'Edwin Encarnacion hit a two-run homer in the ninth inning, and host Toronto extended its winning streak to seven games by edging Miami.', u'Returning to the lineup after sitting out the previous two games with a sore left shoulder, Encarnacion connected off A. J. Ramos (0-1) with a one-out drive to center, his 13th. It was the fourth game-ending homer of Encarnacion\u2019s career.', u'Giancarlo Stanton hit two solo home runs for the Marlins, who lost for the third time in four games. Stanton leads the majors with 21 homers and 51 RB.I.', u'Anibal Sanchez pitched well for seven and two-thirds innings, and Rajai Davis had a big day at bat and in the field as host Detroit shut out Chicago.', u'Davis had a double and a triple and stole a homer from David Ross, while Sanchez (4-7) ended a four-start slump during which he posted a 7.71 E.R.A.', u' Taylor Jungmann pitched seven efficient innings in his major league debut to lead Milwaukee to victory in Pittsburgh.', u'Jungmann allowed one run and three hits. He struck out five batters and walked one as the Brewers won for the fourth time in five games.', u'Jason Rogers and Aramis Ramirez each hit solo homers and drove in two runs for Milwaukee.', u'Starling Marte\u2019s 12th home run was the only mistake by Jungmann, who retired 13 straight at one point to send the Pirates to their second straight loss.', u'Jungmann, 25, was Milwaukee\u2019s first-round pick in the 2011 draft. He came in 2-3 with a 6.37 E.R.A. in Class AAA this spring.', u' Steve Pearce scored in the seventh inning on a wild pitch by Matt Barnes, and host Baltimore overcame another sharp outing by the Boston rookie Eduardo Rodriguez.', u'Four pitchers combined on a five-hitter for the Orioles, who have won four of five. Chad Roe (1-0) pitched one and a third innings to earn his first American League victory.', u'Rodriguez allowed three hits and three walks in six sparkling innings.', u'Robinson Cano broke out of a slump with two doubles and an R.B.I., while five pitchers held Cleveland in check, leading visiting Seattle to a win.', u'Roenis Elias (3-3) gave up a solo homer to Yan Gomes in the second, the only run Elias allowed in six innings. Gomes homered to lead off the ninth against the rookie Carson Smith, the Mariners\u2019 fourth reliever.']), ([u'Giants\u2019 Chris Heston Pitches No-Hitter Against Mets'], [u'There was euphoria in the visitors\u2019 clubhouse, of a kind not experienced in Queens since 1969. The evidence sat in the garbage: boxes and boxes of empty packages of Budweiser beer.', u'Finally, Chris Heston emerged, dripping sweat and alcohol, dripping pride and exhaustion, walking briskly toward the interview room where he had to do the last thing he wanted to do: explain how he had just no-hit the ', u'.', u'It was inexplicable, really. His opposing starter at Citi Field on Tuesday was Noah Syndergaard, a herculean archetype nicknamed Thor, after a comic-book figure, whose 98-m.p.h. sizzler helped him become one of baseball\u2019s most coveted prospects.', u'Heston, well, at age 27, he was only sniffing the major leagues for the first time, and his fastball might not hit 98 m.p.h. in a wind tunnel. His style was artful, crafty, under control, but to this point, 14 games into his big league career with the ', u', the results were a mixed bag.', u'Good one game, ugly the next, teasing promise and commensurate doses of dissuasion.', u'\u201cWhen he\u2019s on,\u201d shortstop Brandon Crawford said, \u201che\u2019s one of the best pitchers that I\u2019ve played with.\u201d', u'That caveat had to be in there. But by the fifth inning of ', u', the Giants players were starting to sense the right things were clicking. The zeros glowed on the scoreboard. Heston lost the perfect game in the fourth, after he hit Ruben Tejada and Lucas Duda in consecutive at-bats, but his line remained unblemished by a hit.', u'He was an unheralded prospect and a stopgap starter who did not even make the team out of spring training. As soon as Heston arrived with Class AAA Sacramento in April, though, the Giants called him right back, inserting him into the rotation after Matt Cain went down with an injury.', u'On Tuesday, he was trying to join only six other pitchers that have no-hit the Mets, a list that includes Sandy Koufax, Jim Bunning, and the last to do it, Darryl Kile, in 1993. The last pitcher to do it against the Mets at home was Bob Moose in 1969.', u'Heston trusted his catcher, Buster Posey, who has caught three no-hitters in his career: Cain\u2019s perfect game in 2012; Tim Lincecum\u2019s first no-hitter, in 2013; and Heston\u2019s. Heston shook him off only once, Posey said.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s so good back there,\u201d Heston said. \u201cYou can see him putting thought into every pitch.\u201d', u'The formula was a steady diet of sinkers, changeups and curveballs, all of various speeds and meticulous command, bestowing a velocity that rarely eclipsed 90 m.p.h. But his pitches danced and darted and, most effectively, disappeared at the last instant.', u'\u201cHe didn\u2019t throw hard,\u201d Mets outfielder Michael Cuddyer said. \u201cBut his pitches had a ton of movement that got off of our barrels.\u201d', u'The Mets had returned home, where living has been good this season. There was promising pregame news \u2014 the injured catcher Travis d\u2019Arnaud is expected to rejoin the club on Wednesday \u2014 and optimism typically abounds this time of year, around the time of the Major League Baseball draft.', u'All this melted away, inning by inning, as the Mets\u2019 hitters came up and went down, a procession of frustration and befuddlement.', u'The hardest-hit ball of the night came with two outs in the eighth, when Eric Campbell scorched a ball to short. But Crawford ably backhanded it and fired to first for the out.', u'\u201cIt took a little hop on me at the end,\u201d Crawford said. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t an easy one, for sure.\u201d', u'Heston\u2019s gem required none of the truly dramatic defensive plays that typically accompany no-hitters, such as the catch by Mike Baxter in the seventh inning of Johan Santana\u2019s no-hitter in 2012.', u'The outcome of the game was also hardly in doubt. The Giants\u2019 offense had little difficulty against Syndergaard, who allowed 10 hits for a second consecutive outing, to go with four runs in six innings.', u'The Giants twice loaded the bases in the first four innings, and each time Heston came up to bat. He grounded into an inning-ending double play the first time, but in the fourth inning he squeaked a ground ball between third and short that drove in two runs.', u'It was clear, from then on, that it was going to be his night.', u'\u201cThis one had a different feel to it,\u201d Posey said.', u'In the ninth, Heston was the first Giants player to take the field, jogging out of the dugout and up the hill before the rest of his fielders.', u'\u201cYou\u2019re just trying not to do too much,\u201d he said. \u201cYou\u2019re trying to stick to the game plan and throw as many strikes as possible.\u201d', u'He admitted some nerves when, with the first pitch, he hit Anthony Recker on the left shoulder. Manager Bruce Bochy had two relievers warming, but with Heston at about 100 pitches, he was not planning to take him out.', u'Heston did not give him a reason to. He struck out the next three batters, all of them looking, finishing with 11 strikeouts.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not always how hard you throw,\u201d Bochy said. \u201cIt\u2019s your command, it\u2019s your mixing pitches, keeping them off balance, hit your spots, pitch to your defense.\u201d', u'As the final batter, Tejada, stood staring in the batter\u2019s box, Heston pounded his glove and opened his arms for Posey\u2019s embrace. In the clubhouse, a beer shower awaited.', u'Only four other teams had had a longer active streak without being no-hit than the Mets. But on Tuesday, on a crystalline night, a Giants rookie made his mark.', u'\u201cJust to even have the opportunity to be out there, I\u2019m really blessed,\u201d Heston said. \u201cIt was a lot of fun.\u201d']), ([u'Short & Sweet: 3 Shortstops Lead Off MLB Draft for 1st Time'], [u'SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  Shortstops were a big hit leading off the Major League Baseball draft.', u'The Arizona Diamondbacks selected Vanderbilt slugger Dansby Swanson with the No. 1 pick Monday night, setting off a history-making run at the position.', u"With the second pick, Houston took LSU's Alex Bregman \u2014 marking the first time since 1982 the first two players chosen were shortstops. That year it was Shawon Dunston (Cubs) and Augie Schmidt (Blue Jays).", u'And for the first time, Colorado made it 3 for 3 by taking Florida high schooler Brendan Rodgers at No. 3 overall.', u'A fourth shortstop went 10th, with Philadelphia selecting Georgia high schooler Cornelius Randolph. A record-tying eight shortstops were selected in the first round (36 picks), matching the number that were taken in 1971 and 2002.', u'Swanson, who helped lead the Commodores to the College World Series earlier in the day, was the first college shortstop to be the top pick since Bill Almon from Brown University in 1974.', u'"I think it sounds pretty good," a smiling Swanson said in an interview on MLB Network.', u'It marked the first time the Diamondbacks had the No. 1 selection since they drafted Justin Upton in 2005.', u"Swanson seamlessly switched from second base to shortstop this season as a junior. He was the Most Outstanding Player at the College World Series last year, helping the Commodores to the national championship. Swanson is a finalist for the Golden Spikes Award and Howser Trophy, given to college baseball's top player.", u'"An exceptional baseball player that has all of the intangibles and makeup of a championship-type player for which this organization is building a foundation on," Diamondbacks scouting director Deric Ladnier said in a statement.', u"Two of Swanson's teammates at Vanderbilt were also first-rounders, with righty Carson Fulmer going eighth to the Chicago White Sox and Walker Buehler, also a right-hander, No. 24 to the Dodgers. The trio made the Commodores the fifth college program to have three players chosen in the opening round.", u'It was the 50th anniversary of the first draft in 1965, and the first for new Commissioner Rob Manfred, who took over when Bud Selig retired in January.', u'"I actually was going to call him on the way out here and I got tied up," Manfred said, minutes before stepping to the podium to begin announcing the first-round selections. "So I didn\'t get any advice. I think I can get through it."', u"The Astros received the No. 2 pick as compensation for not signing pitcher Brady Aiken, last year's top pick. Aiken was taken by Cleveland at No. 17 despite having Tommy John surgery in March.", u'Bregman is the offensive leader of an LSU team that will play in the College World Series and has been ranked No. 1 in the country in several polls for most of the season. The Golden Spikes Award finalist is hitting .312 with nine homers and 49 RBIs, and has stolen 37 bases.', u'"It\'s such an honor," Bregman said. "I can\'t wait to get to work right after we go win the College World Series."', u"Houston kept things in the family at No. 5, taking Florida high school outfielder Kyle Tucker, the younger brother of Astros outfielder Preston Tucker. He broke his brother's school record with 31 career homers.", u'"I\'ve never had the opportunity to play with him since he\'s 7 years older," Kyle Tucker said. "I\'ve sat in the stands and watched him. Possibly having the opportunity to play with him at the major league level, that would be something really special for me."', u'With the first pick of the second round, the Astros went for another player with baseball bloodlines by taking Georgia high school outfielder Daz Cameron, son of former All-Star Mike Cameron.', u"California high school third baseman Tyler Nevin, the son of 1992 No. 1 overall pick Phil Nevin, went next to Colorado. Texas high school third baseman Ke'Bryan Hayes, son of former big leaguer Charlie Hayes, went 32nd overall to Pittsburgh.", u'Rodgers was the first of four players in attendance to have his name called by Manfred, shaking hands with the commissioner while slipping on a Rockies cap and jersey.', u'"I really have no words right now," Rodgers said. "I\'m in awe right now. This is a dream come true."', u'Rodgers, from Lake Mary High School, was widely regarded as the best prep player in the draft. He has power to all fields, soft hands and good range at shortstop.', u'Rodgers said he had 22 friends and family members at the draft, nearly all from Florida, and a roar went up when his name was announced.', u'"Everyone\'s here," he said. "They\'re still in shock over there. So am I."', u'The other three prospects in attendance also got selected in the first round: New York high school outfielder Garrett Whitley went 13th to Tampa Bay; Indiana high school righty Ashe Russell was picked 21st by Kansas City; and Pennsylvania high school right-hander Mike Nikorak was the No. 27 selection by Colorado.', u'UC Santa Barbara fireballing right-hander Dillon Tate was chosen by Texas with the fourth pick, giving the Rangers a potential staff ace or late-inning reliever. He was one of the best closers in the country last year, and established himself as an outstanding starter this season for the Gauchos.', u"At No. 6, Minnesota drafted Illinois closer Tyler Jay, a lefty who could be a starter at the next level because of his excellent command of four pitches. He took the loss after starting in the Illini's season-ending loss to Vanderbilt shortly before he was drafted.", u'"Ultimate low, ultimate high in about a half-hour or so," Jay said.', u'Arkansas outfielder Andrew Benintendi (Red Sox), Fulmer, Cincinnati outfielder Ian Happ (Cubs) and Randolph rounded out the top 10. Georgia high school catcher Tyler Stephenson, who some thought was in the mix for the No. 1 pick, went 11th to Cincinnati.', u'College of Southern Nevada right-hander Phil Bickford was drafted 18th by San Francisco after failing to sign with Toronto in 2013 when he was the No. 10 pick.', u'Rounds 3-10 will be held Tuesday and rounds 11-40 on Wednesday \u2014 both days via team conference calls.', u'___', u'AP Baseball Writer Mike Fitzpatrick, Associated Press Writer David Mercer in Champaign, Ill., and AP freelance writer Mark Perlman in Houston contributed to this report.']), ([u'Tampa Beats Chicago 3-2, Takes 2-1 Lead in Stanley Cup Final'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  The latest from Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final between Tampa Bay and Chicago:', u'10 p.m.', u'Cedric Paquette scored the tiebreaking goal on an exceptional pass from Victor Hedman with 3:11 to play, and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Chicago Blackhawks 3-2 Monday night to take a 2-1 lead in the Stanley Cup Final.', u'Ondrej Palat tied it for the Lightning right after Brandon Saad put the Blackhawks ahead early in the third period, and the series appeared headed to its first overtime game.', u"Hedman, the Lightning's gifted Swedish defenseman, then took charge on an odd-man rush by drawing the defense and feeding a pass to Paquette. The low-scoring forward slammed the puck between defenseman Kyle Cumiskey's legs and into a wide-open net for his second goal of the Final.", u'Ryan Callahan also scored and Ben Bishop made 36 saves even though he appeared to be moving shakily.', u'Brad Richards scored and Corey Crawford stopped 29 shots for the Blackhawks, who lost at home for just the second time in the playoffs.', u'Game 4 is Wednesday night in Chicago.', u'___', u'9:52 p.m.', u"Cedric Paquette has put the Lightning ahead 3-2 with 3:11 to play, but Victor Hedman made it possible. Tampa Bay's sublime Swedish defenseman took the center spot on an odd-man rush and drew the defense before getting a perfect pass to Paquette, who put it between defenseman Kyle Cumiskey's legs for his second goal of the series. United Center is very quiet.", u'___', u'9:42 p.m.', u'The United Center is tense, but neither team has taken a lead in the waning minutes of Game 3. Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop keeps stopping pucks despite an apparent nagging injury, crossing 30 saves early in the period. Tampa Bay is trying quick changes and plenty of work from its Triplets line to attack Corey Crawford, looking for an open net. Steven Stamkos just swung and fouled off a spinning puck in the slot right in front of Crawford.', u'___', u'9:29 p.m.', u'Chicago takes a 2-1 lead, and it lasts 13 seconds.', u"After Marian Hossa got the puck to Brandon Saad alone in the slot, he buried his shot for his seventh goal of the playoffs. The United Center hadn't even announced his goal when Ondrej Palat followed the puck into Corey Crawford's crease and knocked it past the goalie's outstretched glove for his eighth goal of the postseason. It's 2-2 with 13:24 left in the third period.", u'___', u'9:18 p.m.', u'Chicago defenseman Johnny Oduya is back on the ice as the third period begins in a tense, tied Game 3.', u'He had missed the final 7:44 of the second period, and he was upset before he went to the dressing room, kicking the bench in frustration.', u"Nikita Nesterov, Tampa Bay's seventh defenseman, has played just 3:58 in the first two periods. Steven Stamkos has played a whopping 14:37 so far.", u"Just a reminder: Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Stamkos all haven't scored a goal in the first eight periods of the Stanley Cup Final. Toews has won 12 of his 15 faceoffs so far, while Ondrej Palat has won seven of 10 for Tampa Bay.", u'___', u'8:59 p.m.', u'We head to intermission tied 1-1 after a furious finish to the second period.', u"The Lightning got a two-man advantage for 86 seconds after Brandon Saad was called for goaltender interference when he made contact with Ben Bishop's head on a drive to the crease. Bishop got up slowly, but stayed in the game while the Chicago crowd and coach Joel Quenneville vocally disagreed with the call. None of it mattered: Tampa Bay couldn't score and even struggled to set up in the Blackhawks' zone.", u'Corey Crawford provided an exceptional stretch of netminding for the Blackhawks, stopping all 17 Tampa Bay shots and doing much of the work while they killed the 5-on-3 disadvantage.', u"Chicago lost defenseman Johnny Oduya during the period with an apparent injury after he was tripped by Tampa Bay's Nikita Kucherov. If Oduya is hurt, the Blackhawks would have just three of their four main defensemen left. Duncan Keith has played nearly 21 minutes of Game 3 with the third period still to come. Brent Seabrook is at 16:54 and Niklas Hjalmarsson at 16:41.", u'___', u'8:43 p.m.', u"Chicago's second power play of Game 3 was as bad as its first was good. Tampa Bay defenseman Victor Hedman ended it by artfully lofting the puck off the boards and behind the Blackhawks to create a breakaway for Nikita Kucherov coming out of the box, but Corey Crawford stopped him. Still 1-1 midway through the second.", u"Until then, Antoine Vermette of Chicago had the best scoring chance of the period so far when Jason Garrison and Valtteri Filppula mishandle the puck and give him a breakaway, but Ben Bishop stopped it when Vermette doesn't pass. Both teams playing aggressively, but Bishop is hanging in despite some apparently shaky legs.", u'___', u'8:31 p.m. PDT', u'NASCAR driver Danica Patrick is at the United Center to support her hockey team, waving her red cap when shown on the video board. The 33-year-old driver has attended many Blackhawks games in the past, even participating in on-ice puck-shooting promotions. Patrick is from Roscoe, Illinois, just near the Wisconsin line.', u'Smashing Pumpkins frontman Billy Corgan is here, too. He is from suburban Chicago.', u'___', u'8:29 p.m.', u"The second period of Game 3 is underway, and the Lightning have rediscovered their mojo. They've kept the puck penned in Chicago's end for the opening two minutes, creating more offensive chances than they managed in the final 15 minutes of the first period. Tampa Bay has the first five shots of the second period and it was 20-15 in the favor of Chicago at 15:20.", u'___', u'8:16 p.m.', u'Patrick Kane may be warming up, which is no surprise and is welcome news to Chicago fans. He had three shots in the first period of Game 3 after getting held without a shot in Game 2 in Tampa.', u'New Blackhawks defenseman Trevor Van Riemsdyk played 2:15 in just three shifts during his first NHL period since November. Duncan Keith picked up the slack as usual, playing 9:36.', u'Tampa Bay got zero shots out of the Triplets line of Tyler Johnson, Ondrej Palat and Nikita Kucherov. The Lightning hung on for a tie after the Blackhawks missed a couple of open nets, but Tampa Bay also blocked nine shots, including four blocks from stalwart defenseman Victor Hedman.', u'___', u'8 p.m.', u"Game 3 is 1-1 after the first period. The Lightning had a major drought when it came to shots, playing 13:19 between their fifth and sixth shots. The Blackhawks had 15 shots during that time, but they got just one past Ben Bishop, who is clearly struggling to move in his crease. Tampa Bay doesn't have a lead after 20 minutes for the first time in this series, but the Blackhawks surely wish they had done more.", u'___', u'7:50 p.m.', u"The Blackhawks are finally rewarded for 10 minutes of dominance when Brad Richards' shot on the power play escapes the web of Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop's glove and drops in the net, tying Game 3. Chicago has outshot Tampa Bay 17-1 since the opening four minutes.", u'Bishop is playing, but is he healthy? The goalie appears to be moving gingerly at times in his crease after making difficult sliding saves. The Lightning have refused to say why Bishop left Game 2 twice in the third period.', u'___', u'7:39 p.m.', u"Four-on-four hockey after coincidental minors in Game 3 has led to numerous chances for the Blackhawks, but they can't score. Teuvo Teravainen had a shot at a nearly open net, but couldn't get it in for his third goal of the series. Moments later, a close chance by Andrew Shaw is denied by Ben Bishop. The Blackhawks are outshooting Tampa Bay 12-5 after getting outshot 4-0 in the first 4 minutes.", u"And Marian Hossa will see that open net in his dreams for a long time. After a strange deflection left Ben Bishop out of Tampa Bay's net and the puck on Hossa's stick, he leaned forward and swept a shot at the open net \u2014 and it just missed. Braydon Coburn helped out by tripping Hossa, but the veteran forward likely won't use that as an excuse.", u'___', u'7:30 p.m.', u"The Tampa Bay Lightning weren't exactly intimidated by the United Center. They've taken a 1-0 lead just 5:09 into the first period on a beautiful goal by Ryan Callahan, who beat Corey Crawford's glove cleanly on a shot that rang in off the post. Callahan was set up by a beautiful pass from Victor Hedman.", u'___', u'7:25 p.m.', u'The Chicago fans have cheered through the anthem, and Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final is underway. Tampa Bay is controlling possession early, but a huge shot by Steven Stamkos was saved by Corey Crawford, the goalie whose play in Game 2 was "Just OK," according to Hawks coach Joel Quenneville.', u'___', u'7:15 p.m.', u"Ben Bishop is listed as Tampa Bay's starting goalie on the official lineup sheet, so the Lightning's single-season victories record-holder will play in Game 3 after leaving Game 2 twice in the final minutes.", u'Coach Jon Cooper made one swerve after warmups, activating defenseman Nikita Nesterov and scratching forward Jonathan Drouin. That means Tampa Bay will dress seven defensemen against an opponent that basically uses four.', u"Trevor Van Riemsdyk hasn't played an NHL game since he broke his kneecap in November, but the defenseman is in the Chicago Blackhawks' lineup.", u"Van Riemsdyk has been practicing with the Hawks lately, and coach Joel Quenneville is trying another solution to his depth problem on defense. Kimmo Timonen, David Rundblad and Kyle Cumiskey have all struggled while playing scant minutes behind Chicago's top four defensemen. Rundblad is scratched Wednesday night in favor of Van Riemsdyk.", u'___', u'6:59 p.m.', u"The Blackhawks appear to be breaking up captain Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane to start Game 3. They're skating on different lines during warmups after starting Game 2 in Tampa together. Coach Joel Quenneville broke them up in the third period of Game 2, and Toews swiftly set up a goal. Neither star has a goal in the Final, and Kane didn't record a shot in Game 2.", u"Jonathan Drouin appears to be in the Lightning's lineup for the second straight game, if warmups are an indication. The 20-year-old forward got his first playoff action since the second round in Game 2.", u'___', u'6:55 p.m.', u'Six of the top prospects in the upcoming NHL draft spent the day in Chicago to soak up the atmosphere around Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final. After the pregame skate on Wednesday morning, likely top-two picks Connor McDavid and Jack Eichel exchanged phone numbers with Blackhawks and spoke to everyone about their bright futures.', u'"It\'s a much different game at this level," said McDavid, widely expected to be headed to the Edmonton Oilers with the No. 1 pick. "It\'s going to be a lot harder, but it\'s a dream come true."', u"McDavid and Eichel, the Buffalo Sabres' likely pick at No. 2, had never met until the just-completed NHL scouting combine.", u'"We\'ve been linked together for a while, so it\'s nice to get to know him," Eichel said.', u'___', u'6:41 p.m.', u'Ben Bishop led the Lightning onto the ice for pregame warmups before Game 3, finally providing the answer to the biggest mystery of the past two days.', u'After Bishop left Game 2 twice during the third period for unclear reasons, Tampa Bay has been incredibly tight-lipped about the identity of its starting goalie for Game 3. Rookie Andrei Vasilevskiy finished up the victory, but Tampa Bay has refused to say what was wrong with Bishop.', u'The Lightning even added to the intrigue when third-string goalie Kristers Gudlevskis rode the team bus to the United Center, but Bishop appears to be back in net as usual.', u'___', u'6:30 p.m.', u"Blackhawks fans haven't seen their team at home since May 25, so they're more than slightly hyped for Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final. Not even a few intense bursts of rain could dampen the spirits of these famously loyal fans, who filled the United Center's halls with cheers and chants more than an hour before faceoff.", u'Chicago and Tampa Bay split the first two games of the series at Amalie Arena, with both contests decided on a third-period goal. Neither team took firm control of the series, but the Lightning have been an exceptionally good road team in the playoffs so far: 7-3.']), ([u'Putnam Earns a Trip Home to Chambers Bay for US Open'], [u"One day made up for five straight weeks of lousy golf for Michael Putnam. He's going home to Chambers Bay for the ", u'.', u'Putnam lives just over a mile from Chambers Bay, south of Seattle. He played the first official round when the course off Puget Sound opened in 2007 with hopes of attracting a U.S. Open. And on Monday, he put together rounds of 68-64 to lead the toughest of 10 sectional qualifiers around the country.', u'"We grew up watching the course being built. It\'s the biggest tournament we\'re going to host up there," Putnam said from the Columbus, Ohio, sectional. "Obviously, there was lot of pressure today getting into the tournament. But I had a great day."', u'The U.S. Open is June 18-21.', u'Monday was the final chance for nearly 800 players to get through 36-hole qualifiers from coast to coast. Among the former qualifiers were a 15-year-old from Houston (Cole Hammer) and a 50-year-old who has won the U.S. Open twice (Lee Janzen), and even a former world No. 1 (Luke Donald).', u'But it was super sweet for Putnam, who has played Chambers Bay more than anyone.', u'USGA executive director Mike Davis infamously said that players who only got in two practice rounds and had their caddie walk the course "will not win the U.S. Open."', u'"Apparently I\'m going to win because I played it more than anyone else," Putnam jokingly said after he tied for medalist honors with Sam Saunders, the grandson of Arnold Palmer, at the sectional site filled with PGA Tour players.', u'Putnam says he has played Chambers Bay between 30 and 40 times, though never in U.S. Open condition. He said he once held the course record \u2014 but only because he was the first one to play a proper round when it opened in 2007.', u'"I owned the course record for a day," he said.', u'That gives Chambers Bay two local players. Ryan Moore, who has hosted a charity event at Chambers Bay, already was exempt from qualifying.', u'In other qualifiers:', u"\u2014 Donald was back in U.S. Open qualifying for the first time in 11 years. He had a 68 in his second round at The Bear's Club \u2014 his home club in south Florida \u2014 to earn one of four spots. He shared medalist honors with Florida State's Jack Maguire and Andrew Pope. Sam Horsfield, an 18-year-old who plans to attend Florida, won a playoff for the last spot.", u"\u2014 Janzen won the U.S. Open in 1993 at Baltusrol and in 1998 at Olympic Club. After his 10-year exemption expired, he never made it through a qualifier. He was disqualified two years ago for wearing metal spikes at a course that doesn't allow them. At in the New York sectional, Janzen shot 69-68 to earn one of four spots. The other qualifiers were Jamie Lovemark, Pat Wilson and Rich Berberian Jr.", u'That sets up Janzen for three straight weeks of majors \u2014 a Champions Tour major in Boston this week, the U.S. Open, and the U.S. Senior Open.', u'\u2014 Roberto Castro, who played in all four majors last year, made it through the Georgia qualifier at Hawks Ridge by not making a bogey in rounds of 64-68. But his brother, Franco Castro, missed by one shot and will be an alternate. The other qualifiers from that site were college players Matthew NeSmith and Lee McCoy.', u'\u2014 Power rookie Tony Finau shot 66-67 to earn one of four spots in the secondary Ohio qualifier to earn one of four spots. The others were Michael Davan, Illinois freshman Nick Hardy and Stephan Jaeger.', u'\u2014 Hammer, a sophomore in high school, shot 64-68 at Northwood Club in Dallas to gain one of six spots with two shots to spare. Steve Marino, Rod Pampling and Peter Malnati, all of whom have been full PGA Tour members, missed by one shot. Tour rookie Carlos Ortiz missed by two.', u'"My main goal was to see how I match up against these people. I just had to keep doing what I was doing," Hammer said. "This means the world to me."', u"\u2014 Navy veteran Billy Hurley III earned one of three spots in the Maryland sectional with rounds of 66-72. The other spots went to Denny McCarthy, who reached the semifinals of the U.S. Amateur last year, and Tim O'Neal.", u'\u2014 In the other qualifier filled with PGA Tour players, two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen held on for one of 10 spots in Memphis, Tennessee. Blayne Barber shared medalist honors. Others who made it through included Brian Harman and Andres Romero.', u'\u2014 A trio of Washington Huskies made it out of the Washington qualifier at Tumble Creek Club \u2014 Richard Lee and Troy Kelly, both on tour, and Cheng-Tsung Pan, the runner-up at the NCAA championship this year. Pan qualified for the British Open last year in an Asian qualifier.', u'\u2014 Beau Hossler returns to the U.S. Open. He featured on the weekend at Olympic Club in the 2012 U.S. Open when he was 17. He now plays for Texas and earned one of six spots from the California qualifier in Newport Beach.', u'The most spots (15) were available in Columbus, held the day after the Memorial.', u'David Lingmerth, who won the Memorial in a playoff over Justin Rose, failed to earn a spot in the U.S. Open. Among those who qualified were Bryson DeChambeau, the NCAA champion from SMU. Also getting through were David Hearn of Canada, Camilo Villegas and Ryo Ishikawa.', u'D.A. Points, Robert Streb and Danny Lee earned the last three spots after a five-man playoff that finished just before dark.', u'Thunderstorms were forecast for Ohio, leading to a delay in the afternoon. It also led to plenty of players withdrawing \u2014 a total of 28, including nine on Monday.', u'There is still hope for the alternates from the sectional qualifiers. The U.S. Open field still has eight spots available. Some will be given to whomever is in the top 60 in the world a week from Monday, and the rest will be filled by alternates.', u'The USGA has not determined the order of the alternates.']), ([u'Alex Morgan Not in US Starting Lineup for World Cup Opener'], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Forward Alex Morgan was not the starting lineup for the United States' Women's World Cup opener against Australia on Monday night.", u"The speedy 25-year-old, who has 51 goals in 84 international appearances, has a bone bruise in her left knee and hasn't played in a match since Portland's National Women's Soccer League opener on April 11.", u'Morgan was listed as a substitute for the No. 2 U.S. against the 10th-ranked Matildas. Abby Wambach and Sydney Leroux were down to head the attack.', u'The U.S. is seeking its third World Cup title but first since 1999 after losing the 2011 final to Japan on penalty kicks.', u'In the pre-match news conference on Sunday, coach Jill Ellis said Morgan had looked good at practices in Winnipeg.', u'"Obviously we\'re going to look at what our needs are, but I\'m just excited now that she is back in 100 percent training - looking great, sharp," Ellis said.', u"Morgan did not play in the team's three send-off matches in the United States. On Monday she took the field for warmups with pink tape affixed to her left knee.", u"Morgan sat out nine games with the Thorns last season because of a left ankle sprain she sustained in national team training camp in October 2013. She returned to action for the Thorns in June, then reinjured the ankle last fall during a group stage match of the CONCACAF Women's Championship, which served as qualifying for the World Cup.", u'She did not return until this year, scoring in a 1-0 victory over England in February and in a 3-0 win over Switzerland in an Algarve Cup match in March.', u'Hope Solo was in goal, with Alex Krieger at right back, Becky Sauerbrunn and Julie Johnston in central defense, and Meghan Klingenberg at left back. Lauren Holiday and Carli Lloyd were in defensive midfield of the 4-4-2 formation, with Christen Press wide right and Megan Rapinoe wide left.', u'Six of the starters also were in the lineup for the 2011 final: Holiday, Krieger, Lloyd, Rapinoe, Solo and Wambach.']), ([u'Nigeria Score Late to Draw With Sweden'], [u"WINNIPEG \u2014  Francisca Ordega scored a late equalizer for Nigeria to earn a 3-3 draw with Sweden in their Group D Women's World Cup opener on Monday, signaling that Africa will be heard from during the month-long tournament.", u'A day after Germany crushed the Ivory Coast 10-0, the Super Falcons restored African pride with an all-out attacking style that won over the fans and shocked the fifth-ranked Swedes.', u'With Sweden hanging on for the win, Ordega ran onto a perfect pass from Ngozi Okobi and confidently fired the ball past charging goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl in the 87th minute.', u'Nigeria had Sweden on the back foot for much of the match but found themselves 2-0 down at halftime after an own goal by Desire Oparanozie and a tap-in from Nilla Fischer, both scores coming off Sweden corners and the product of sloppy defending.', u'But the speedy Nigerians continued to press forward in the second half and were rewarded for their enterprise as they scored twice in a three-minute burst from forwards Okobi and Asisat Oshoala, who out-muscled Fischer for the ball at the top of the penalty area and then coolly slotted home.', u"The reeling Swedes were quick to respond, regaining the lead at 3-2 when substitute Linda Sembrant kneed a cross past Nigeria's goalkeeper Precious Dede.", u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Fiorentina Sack Head Coach Montella'], [u'(Reuters) - Fiorentina have sacked head coach Vincenzo Montella after denouncing the Italian for a lack of respect and causing a breakdown in trust, the Serie A side said on Monday.', u'Montella took charge of Fiorentina in 2012, guiding them to three successive fourth-place Serie A finishes and the 2014 Coppa Italia final.', u"The 40-year-old former Italy forward also steered them to the semi-finals of this season's Europa League where they were beaten by eventual champions Sevilla.", u'"ACF Fiorentina have judged the recent behaviour of coach Vincenzo Montella as the clear sign of his desire to break from a contract legitimately signed less than two years ago because it contains a clause which the coach no longer believes to be in his interest, but he agreed to at the time," the club said in a statement on their official website (', u').', u'"So, with great regret, we must take note of the fact that there is no longer the relationship of trust necessary for the continuation of any relationship, and we are therefore forced -- for the good of the club -- to sack Vincenzo Montella.', u'"This sudden situation has obviously created organisational problems which we must resolve urgently.', u'"We would have expected clearer, more respectful and less ambiguous behaviour from the coach, in respect of the shirt, the fans and the club which has given him so much."', u'As a player Montella played for Empoli, Genoa, Sampdoria and AS Roma in his native Italy before a brief spell on loan at Premier League side Fulham in 2007.', u'(Reporting by Tom Hayward in London; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Bettors for Historic American Pharoah Victory Have $315,000 in Uncashed Tickets'], [u"(Reuters) - Thoroughbred racing fans wanting a historical keepsake or possibly a cash windfall from American Pharoah's ", u'-clinching ', u' victory have not cashed $315,829 worth of $2 win tickets, track officials said on Monday.', u'There were 94,128 $2 tickets purchased on Friday and Saturday at Belmont Park and Aqueduct Racetrack, both run by the New York Racing Association, said Belmont Stakes spokesman John Durso Jr.', u"But after American Pharoah's 5-1/2-length victory on Saturday that sealed the first Triple Crown since Affirmed in 1978, Durso said 90,237 of the $2 tickets - which returned $3.50 - were not cashed.", u'Many undoubtedly sought a keepsake from the 12th Triple Crown winner, but others might be seeking to cash in on online auction sites, where the tickets showed up shortly after the race, most selling for $15 to $25.', u"If a ticket-holder wants to cash the ticket from Saturday's race, the deadline is March 31, 2016. After that, the money is returned to New York state, Durso said.", u'To win the U.S. Triple Crown, a horse needs to win the ', u', ', u' and Belmont Stakes.', u'(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg in Washington)']), ([u'With Cano Struggling, Mariners Among Biggest Disappointments'], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  Robinson Cano was only supposed to hear the jeers and boos cascading from the spectators when he was playing on the road.', u'Hearing them at Safeco Field after strikeouts and weak grounders was not envisioned when he signed a $240 million, 10-year contract with the Seattle Mariners.', u'"I always stay positive and every at bat for me is a different one. I\'m not going to overthink," Cano said. "I haven\'t done my job lately. Just go game by game and play hard every single day."', u"Cano's unexpected struggles at the plate are just the tip of one of the biggest underachievers in baseball to date. Picked by many observers to be a playoff-bound club thanks to Cano and the addition of Nelson Cruz, the Mariners' 2-9 homestand left them seven games under .500 at 25-32, the second-worst record in the American League.", u'Seattle became just the fourth team in major league history to score no more than three runs during any game of a homestand of 10 games or longer, following the 1913 Chicago White Sox, 1968 Houston Astros and 2010 Mariners. The three prior teams had only 10 games to fail in, according to STATS.', u'If 90 victories was the benchmark for the Mariners following an 87-win season that left them one victory shy of a postseason tiebreaker game, the ugly first two months has left Seattle needing to win at a .619 clip the rest of the way to reach that mark.', u"It's certainly possible. But nothing the Mariners have shown lately, highlighted by an offense unable to get clutch hits, makes it appear probable.", u'"The focus is always there to win games. With runners in scoring position is where we need to tighten it up," Cruz said. "We get all our hits ... but when it matters the most to drive in runs we don\'t get it done."', u"Cano's .239 batting average is the second-lowest of his career to this point of a season.", u"Cano's .278 on-base percentage and .320 slugging are down 100 points from this time last year and his poorest output through 57 games other than 2008 with the Yankees when Cano was hitting .216 with four homers and 19 RBIs. He has only two home runs this season and is batting .188 with one extra base hit in his last 20 games.", u"Even more alarming for Cano are the pitches he's chasing outside the strike zone and the lack of solid contact. Cano has 40 strikeouts and is on pace for a career-high 113.", u"Cruz has done more than his part for Seattle's offense, leading the AL in home runs with 18 and hitting .329.", u'"Guys that are supposed to perform have to perform," manager Llloyd McClendon said. "The fact is if Robbie Cano, Cruz and (Kyle) Seager don\'t hit, then we\'re not going to win. And if they continue not to hit, then you\'ll be talking to someone else. I\'ll be driving a garbage truck. That\'s just the way it goes."', u"Aside from Cruz, there's been little consistency, adding to the frustration. When the offense was good early, the starting pitching aside from Felix Hernandez was shaky. Lately, when the pitching has been good, the offense has floundered.", u"And a bullpen that was the best in baseball a season ago hasn't come close to matching the efficiency of 2014, capped by the roller-coaster ninth innings from closer Fernando Rodney.", u'McClendon continues to say he likes his club and believes Seattle will come out of this funk.', u'"This is a business of results and positive results only. You can talk about expectations or what a player should do or what we know what he can do, but the bottom line is you\'ve got to get it done," he said. "If we don\'t get it done, there will be changes, absolutely. It\'s the nature of the business."']), ([u"Ordega Scores Equalizer in Nigeria's 3-3 Tie With Sweden"], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Francisca Ordega's 87th-minute goal pulled Nigeria into a 3-3 tie with Sweden in a Women's World Cup match on Monday.", u"Linda Sembrant came off the bench to put Sweden ahead 3-2 before Ordega's drive sailed between goalkeeper Hedvig Lindahl's legs.", u'While Ordega celebrated with her teammates, Nigeria coach Edwin Okon dropped to his knees and kissed the turf on the sidelines.', u'Nilla Fischer put Sweden up 2-0 in the first half with a goal in the 31st minute after Nigeria conceded an own goal. Nigeria evened it in the second half when Ngozi Okobi and Asisat Oshoala scored in a three-minute span.', u'It was the tournament opener for both teams, who are in Group D along with the United States and Australia. An expanded field of 24 teams is playing in the monthlong World Cup.', u'Fifth-ranked Sweden, under former U.S. coach Pia Sundhage, faces her former team on Friday in one of the most anticipated matches of the group stage.']), ([u"NCAA Approves 30-Second Shot Clock in Men's Basketball"], [u'INDIANAPOLIS \u2014  College basketball is undergoing a major overhaul next season.', u"Men's teams will use a faster shot clock \u2014 30 seconds instead of 35 seconds \u2014 and have fewer timeouts, while women's teams will play four 10-minute quarters instead of two 20-minute halves.", u"All of it became official Monday when the NCAA's Playing Rules Oversight Panel approved a series of changes that everybody hopes will improve the game. It's hardly a surprise after the men's and women's rules committees made separate sweeping recommendations in May.", u"The men's committee had spent months debating how to increase scoring and speed up play, especially late when flurries of fouls and timeouts made games seemingly drag on endlessly and needlessly.", u'The most notable change will be trimming the shot clock to 30 seconds, the first modification since it was cut from 45 seconds to 35 for the 1993-94 season.', u'The panel also approved cutting the number of timeouts each team can use in the second half from four to three and eliminating some of the extra stoppages by using any timeout called within 30 seconds of a media timeout as the scheduled break. Committee members are hoping that will eliminate the occasional double timeouts that occur when there is no natural break around the 16-, 12-, 8- and 4-minute marks.', u'The move came as a result of data showing a drop of approximately five points per game last season and concerns over the length of games.', u'Now, everybody must adjust to all of the new rules.', u'Coaches will no longer be allowed to call timeouts during live ball situations and with only a few exceptions, teams will get just 10 total seconds to advance the ball past half-court instead of resetting the clock if there was a stoppage.', u'Teams also will have 15 seconds, instead of 20, to make a substitution when a player fouls out and officials will be instructed to start play more quickly following timeouts. If a team does not comply, it will be given a warning. Each additional offense will result in a one-shot technical foul.', u'The arc underneath the basket will be extended out another foot, from 3 feet to 4 feet, after data showed it reduced the number of collisions.', u"Other changes the men's game include allowing refs to use replay reviews for potential shot clock violations on made baskets throughout the entire game and to penalize players for faking fouls, making Class B technical fouls such as hanging on the rim and delay of game one-shot infractions instead of two, removing the prohibition on dunking during warmups, eliminating the five-second rule when a player is dribbling and experimenting with a sixth foul during next season's lower-tier postseason tourneys such as the NIT.", u"In the women's game, the quarters format will prompt additional changes.", u'Under the new format, a team would receive a two-shot bonus after their opponent commits five team fouls in each quarter. The number of team fouls would only carry over if a game goes into overtime.', u'Media timeouts in televised games would be limited to one per quarter and will take place at the first dead ball after the 5-minute mark. If a team calls a timeout before the 5-minute mark, it would count as the media stoppage. Teams also will be allowed to inbound the ball from the front if a timeout is called following a basket, a rebound or a change of possession in the final minute of the fourth quarter and all overtime periods.', u'Teams will not be subject to a 10-second count if the ball is deflected out of bounds by the defense, there is a held ball and the possession arrow favors the offensive team or a technical foul is called on the offensive team while the ball is in its backcourt.', u'Other changes include allowing defenders to use hand-checks with a forearm or open hand with a bended elbow and allowing bands and amplified music to be used during all dead-ball situations instead of just timeouts and halftime.', u"The rules panel will consider some modified proposals for the women's game during its next meeting June 24."]), ([u'LeBron, Cavs Recover After Beating Warriors, Tying Finals'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Once LeBron James tied up the NBA Finals with another one of his virtuoso postseason performances, his legs were in knots.', u"He needed ice, treatment and rest. He wasn't the only one.", u'After a pair of entertaining, exhausting, drama-filled overtime games at Golden State, everyone \u2014 players, fans, even the refs \u2014 needed a day to take a breather and recover before the Cavaliers and Warriors resume a series getting stellar TV ratings and shifting to Quicken Loans Arena for Game 3 on Tuesday night.', u"As midnight approached in California following Cleveland's stunning 95-93 OT win on Sunday night, James, who scored 39 points with 16 rebounds and 11 assists, grimaced as he lifted himself from a chair on the postgame interview dais. He was hurting after playing 50 methodical minutes, one game after going 46.", u'James, incredibly, believes he can give more.', u'"It\'s a maximum of five games left in the NBA season," he said. "So I\'m ready for whatever."', u'He has been all season.', u"With James leading the way, the Cavaliers, who were already a heavy underdog before losing All-Star guard Kyrie Irving to a broken left kneecap in the opener, dragged down the Warriors and Stephen Curry, the league's MVP.", u'Hounded by Cavs guard Matthew Dellavedova, who seemed to be inside his jersey, Curry missed 18 of 23 shots and ended his night with an uncharacteristic 3-point air-ball with four seconds left in overtime.', u"But while Dellavedova's contributions starting in place of Irving were huge, James was again the difference and the reason why the Cavs can't be dismissed.", u"The best all-around player of his generation, James has pushed a team missing two All-Stars \u2014 Irving and Kevin Love \u2014 and a franchise that has its first finals win, within three victories of an improbable title that would end Cleveland's 51-year major sports championship drought.", u"James hasn't been flawless, far from it. He's twice missed potential game-winning shots in the final seconds, and has made only 40 percent of his field-goal attempts.", u'However, he\'s dictating the pace of the game, controlling the clock and slowing the run-and-gun Warriors, who are accustomed to doing things their way. He\'s also motivated his teammates \u2014 James dubbed them "The Grit Squad" \u2014 by telling them that they not only belong in this series, but they can win it.', u'The Cavs may be underdogs, but James is reminding them that this is their moment. And as he chases his third title, one that would crown his brilliant career and help him make good on a promise to his home area, James has the Cavs savoring every step.', u'"We have a chance to be a part of history," he said.', u'Cavs coach David Blatt has watched James with awe.', u'"You\'d be hard pressed to find a guy anywhere, anytime, I can think of a name or two, but that\'s the whole history of basketball, that can give you the kind of all-around performance and all-around leadership that LeBron does for his group," he said. "He really willed his guys to win that game.', u'"That\'s what a champion does."', u'James is averaging 41.5 points, 12 rebounds and 8.5 assists in his fifth straight finals. He\'s drawn inspiration from doing it without Love and Irving, proving his doubters wrong and the 30-year-old suggested that there is "other motivation" driving him.', u"Maybe it's a chance to outperform Curry, tagged by some as his heir apparent as the league's biggest star.", u"Curry was off the mark from the start in Game 2, and afterward he didn't have an explanation for going 2 of 15 on 3-pointers. Warriors coach Steve Kerr isn't worried about his superstar.", u'"It happens to everybody, whether you\'re the MVP or a role player," Kerr said. "Sometimes the shots don\'t go in. Sometimes things don\'t go your way. Steph will bounce back. He\'s a great player. We\'ll help him. We\'ll try to see if we can get him into a better groove.  But he\'ll be fine."', u"The workload on James has been overwhelming, maybe even too much for him. He's as mentally focused as he's ever been, and heading into the finals, James acknowledged his game is at its pinnacle.", u"He's dug deep to make it through two games, and he may be forced to play 40-plus minutes per game from here on out.", u'"Am I built for it?" said, repeating a reporter\'s question. "Well, of course I\'m built for it."']), ([u'Truex Overcomes Series of Setbacks for Gratifying Victory'], [u"CHARLOTTE, N.C. \u2014  It's never come easy for Martin Truex Jr., a journeyman driver who has never found the success he hoped to have at NASCAR's highest level.", u"Oh, it was fun a decade ago when a friendship with Dale Earnhardt Jr. led to a full-time ride in NASCAR's second-tier series. Driving for Dale Earnhardt Inc., Truex won 12 races in two years and back-to-back championships in what's now called the Xfinity Series.", u"It earned him a promotion to the big leagues with DEI \u2014 just about the same time the organization was heading into a downward spiral. He headed into that 2006 season with high hopes, but nothing materialized through four bumpy seasons that saw Earnhardt flee his late father's team and DEI needing a merger with Chip Ganassi to keep its doors open.", u'Truex never publicly complained. He quietly went about his business and tried to do his job to the best of his ability.', u"That professionalism got him to Michael Waltrip Racing, where he faced a fair share of speedbumps but seemed to have turned a corner with a strong summer that qualified him for NASCAR's championship with a big performance in the final qualifying race.", u'And then it was gone.', u'Truex found himself the involuntary participant in a cheating scandal that rocked NASCAR on the eve of its 10-race championship series. NASCAR found that MWR used its two other cars to manipulate the finish of the race to ensure Truex earned a spot in the Chase field.', u'As punishment to MWR, Truex was kicked out of the Chase. His sponsor bailed soon after, and MWR had to let Truex go in a wave of layoffs after the scandal decimated the organization. On the cusp of a turnaround one minute, out of a job the next.', u'That was nothing compared with what came next.', u'Truex and longtime girlfriend Sherry Pollex were moving toward starting a family when Pollex was diagnosed last year with ovarian cancer. Her fight for her life has made everything on the track seem trivial for Truex.', u'It was Pollex who picked Truex up after the cheating scandal, helped him see there would be another chance for him at Furniture Row Racing. Truex tried hard to believe her.', u'"I just knew it was going to take a lot of work. I knew it was going to be a tough road to get back," he said.', u"Truex had faith that Furniture Row, coming off a Chase berth in 2013 with Kurt Busch, would be a good home. But he had an awful year on the track and any hope of picking up where he'd left off at MWR was dashed.", u'"It was just miserable," he said. "Nothing went our way, nothing. We had no speed. We couldn\'t make the cars work, they felt terrible to me."', u"Then came Pollex's diagnosis and Truex had to take stock of his situation.", u'"It was like, \'This is when you show people what you\'re made of,\'" he said. "She showed me what she was made of, and I was like, \'Wow, if she can do that, I can do this. This is easy.\'"', u"This roller-coaster journey the past 20 months took another turn Sunday when Truex won for the first time since 2013. His victory at Pocono Raceway was a popular one in that drivers who respect Truex and Pollex, who admire the fight they've shown, were eager to congratulate them both.", u'The couple was ecstatic. Pollex, who had a chemotherapy treatment just six days earlier, posted jubilant photos on social media. Truex called it the biggest win of his career.', u'It was real emotion shown from a team that has shown all season long it is a true contender and from a driver who had stopped expecting good things to happen to him.', u'Truex knew the No. 78 team was good enough to win, that new crew chief Cole Pearn had locked in on something that made Truex able to lead laps every week and mix it up with the regular contenders. It was only a matter of time before the team got its first win, even if Truex had tempered his expectations.', u'"Throughout my career, I\'ve kind of got used to the disappointment, honestly," he said.', u'There was no disappointment on Sunday, especially not from the drivers Truex beat. He was visited in victory lane by several, and everyone seemed touched to see Truex and Pollex celebrate.', u'It is those post-race moments that will be remembered most.', u'"There\'s going to come a time when where you finish in races doesn\'t matter," Truex said. "What\'s going to matter is the kind of the legacy you leave and how people look at the person that you are. It\'s really cool, especially after the way the last year-and-a-half or so has gone for me, up until this year, I think that people kind of got a little bit of an insight into what I\'m made of and what kind of person I am."']), ([u'Kohlschreiber Wins Opener at Mercedes Cup Against Dolgopolov'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Sixth-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3, 6-3 on Monday to ease into the second round of the Mercedes Cup.', u'It was the only completed match of the day as heavy rain delayed start of play for several hours and the meeting between Viktor Troicki and Borna Coric was postponed until Tuesday.', u'The tournament is being played on grass for the first time and is a build-up for Wimbledon.', u'Rafael Nadal is top-seeded in the event, which also features Feliciano Lopez, Gael Monfils and Marin Cilic.', u'They all had a bye into the second round.']), ([u'Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing'], [u"(Reuters) - Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing.", u'The former world number one signed off with a two-over-par 74 at Muirfield Village on Sunday, a day after struggling to a career-worst 85 in the prestigious event hosted by Jack Nicklaus.', u'Woods has 10 days until the opening round of the ', u" at Chambers Bay in Washington State but he firmly believes that is enough time to complete his preparations for the year's second major.", u'"There\'s plenty of time," Woods told reporters on Monday in a satellite teleconference from his home in Jupiter, Florida.', u'"I needed tournament golf and it was nice to have Memorial in there and to be able to play a golf course that\'s that difficult, that hard, that demanding from tee to green."', u"Woods, who was speaking on media day for the PGA Tour's Quicken Loans National which he hosts, is still adapting to the fifth swing change of his professional career, this time with consultant Chris Como.", u'"I\'ve had times like this in my life where I\'ve gone through these periods, but you just have to fight through it," said the 39-year-old American, who has played just five tournaments this season.', u'"I\'m committed to what I\'m doing and committed to the changes. Once I start to snowball and start getting more solidified, then that\'s when things start coming together."', u'Woods, who finished last at the Memorial Tournament with a 14-over total of 302, said the work on his swing continued to be a progression of "baseline shifts" to build up his game.', u'"You just don\'t go from one to 10," said Woods, who claimed the most recent of his 14 major titles at the 2008 U.S. Open. "We\'re taking it one, two, three, four ... making baseline shifts, that\'s what Chris and I were just calling it.', u'"I\'m very proud of the fact that I stuck with my game plan ... and I was finally able to hit the shots on Sunday that we\'ve been looking for.', u'"At one point I got it to three under par and lost it coming home, but I showed signs of what we\'re working on was starting to come together, and that was pretty exciting to see."', u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue)']), ([u"Warriors' Curry Not Rattled by Forgettable NBA Finals Game"], [u"(Reuters) - Stephen Curry had a rare off-night that cost his Golden State Warriors a chance to grab a vice-like grip on the NBA Finals, but the league's Most Valuable Player is not fretting one of the most frustrating games of his career.", u"Curry looked out of sorts as he missed 18 of 23 shots during Sunday's loss to the Cleveland Cavaliers that evened the best-of-seven NBA Finals at 1-1. It was far from the performance many have come to expect from one of the NBA's all-time best shooters.", u'"I doubt this will happen again, with the adjustments I\'ll make once I\'ll look at the film," Curry said after the 95-93 overtime loss. "One game is not going to make me stop shooting or alter my confidence at all."', u'Despite the forgettable night, Curry did force overtime with a game-tying layup with eight seconds left and drained two free throws that put Golden State ahead 93-92 with 29 seconds left in the extra period.', u'But with four seconds to play, he air-balled the potential game winner and the top-seeded Warriors went on to lose at home for only the fourth time in 51 games this season.', u'"It happens to everybody, whether you\'re the MVP or a role player. Sometimes the shots don\'t go in. Sometimes things don\'t go your way. Steph will bounce back. He\'s a great player," said Warriors head coach Steve Kerr.', u'"I\'ve seen it with everybody. I\'ve seen it with Michael Jordan, Tim Duncan. It doesn\'t matter who you are. Nobody is immune from a tough night."', u'Curry, who is trying to deliver the Oakland-based franchise a first championship in 40 years, followed his team-high 26-point performance in Game One with 19 points on Sunday.', u"Much of Curry's struggles are being credited to Cleveland's Matthew Dellavedova, who stepped in for an injured Kyrie Irving and harangued his more experienced opponent all night.", u'Curry will get a chance to redeem himself on Tuesday when the series shifts to Cleveland for Game Three.', u'"I\'ve got to play better, find better shots and be more in a rhythm throughout the course of the game for us to really assert ourselves as a team," said Curry.', u'"They\'ve done something that maybe has taken us out of our rhythm, and we have to figure out what that is specifically. But I think we\'re still confident. We still believe that we\'re going to win the series."', u'(Reporting by Frank Pingue; Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"NFL's Patriots Cut Spikes Amid Accident Investigation"], [u'(Reuters) - New England Patriots linebacker Brandon Spikes, being investigated for possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident, was released by the team on Monday, less than a month after it signed him.', u'A damaged Mercedes-Benz Maybach registered to Spikes was found abandoned early Sunday in the median strip of Interstate 495 in Foxborough, Massachusetts, State Police said.', u'The driver of the car reported through the on-board navigation system hitting a deer. But when help arrived, the car had been abandoned and no deer had been found in the area, police said.', u'However, another car in the area at about the same time reported being rear-ended, but no one in the vehicle could identify the vehicle that hit them. Three occupants of the read-ended car were taken to the hospital with minor injuries, police said.', u'No charges have been filed. The Patriots made no mention of the accident in their statement announcing that Spikes had been cut.', u'Spikes, 27, is a five-year veteran of the National Football League. He played the first four seasons with the Patriots before signing a one-year deal with the Buffalo Bills in 2014. He returned to the Patriots in March as a free agent with a one-year contract that could have made him up to $2 million, though the only guaranteed money was a $25,000 signing bonus.', u"It has been a tumultuous off-season for the Super Bowl champion Patriots. They have been involved in a scheme to deflate the footballs in January's AFC championship game.", u'Their star quarterback, Tom Brady, has been suspended for four games for the upcoming season. The team was also fined a record $1 million over the incident, and had two future drafts picks, including a first-round selection, taken away.', u'Brady, who has denied any knowledge of a plan to deflate the footballs, is appealing the suspension. Deflating the football can make it easier for a quarterback to throw the ball.', u'(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg in Washington; Editing by Alan Crosby; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Injured Yaya Toure Misses Out Nations Cup Match'], [u"ABIDJAN \u2014  Midfielder Yaya Toure has been left out of Ivory Coast's squad for this weekend\u2019s African Nations Cup qualifier in Gabon because of injury, the Ivorian Football Federation said on Monday.", u'Toure had finished the season with Manchester City last month without any ill effects but the federation said he had suffered an injury without giving more details.', u"Interim coach Ibrahima Kamara is also without Yaya's brother Kolo Toure, who retired from the international game after Ivorian success in the Nations Cup in Equatorial Guinea at the start of the year.", u'The Ivorian squad for the trip to Libreville includes Wilfried Bony, Gervinho and Salomon Kalou, who were all part of the Nations Cup winning side in February.', u'Sunday\u2019s match in Libreville forms part of the African Nations Cup qualifying campaign although the result will not count as Gabon are hosts of the 2017 finals.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson in Cape Town, editing by Justin Palmer; ', u'; +27828257807; Reuters Messaging: ', u')']), ([u"UConn Coach Says He Doesn't Need UCF's Consent for Rivalry"], [u"HARTFORD, Conn. \u2014  UConn football coach Bob Diaco has created a trophy and countdown clock, saying Monday he doesn't need UCF's permission to manufacture a rivalry game with the Knights.", u"Diaco's office last week posted a picture on Twitter (", u' ) of a trophy he had commissioned for the annual game between the American Athletic Conference schools, which he has dubbed "The Civil Conflict." Above the trophy was a clock marking the amount of time until the Oct. 10 game in Orlando.', u'"First day back on campus for #UConnFootball!  And just 130 days until the next Civil Conflict with @UCF_Football !" the post read.', u'The "rivalry" appeared to catch UCF by surprise.  The school issued a statement saying it did not have any involvement in the creation of the trophy or an annual rivalry game with UConn. UCF coach George O\'Leary told reporters prior to a speaking engagement in Orlando last week he knew nothing about the "Civil Conflict."', u'"My experience is you\'re more likely to have a rivalry against a team closer to where you live," he said. "When you go 10 states away, I think it\'s hard."', u'Diaco said Monday he didn\'t feel any need to consult with UCF before getting the trophy made and announcing he had named the game.  UConn spokesman Mike Enright said "Civil Conflict" is a reference to UConn being the northern most university in the conference and UCF being "one of the most southern."', u'"They don\'t get to say whether they\'re our rival or not," Diaco told reporters during a Monday conference call. "We might not be their rival, but they don\'t get to say whether they\'re our rival. That\'s for us to decide."', u'Diaco first mentioned the possibility of a trophy game and the name "Civil Conflict" after the Huskies beat UCF 37-29 at Rentschler Field last season.   It was the Huskies\' only win over a Division I opponent, and the Knights\' lone conference loss.', u"The score of that game is so far the only one on the trophy, which has slots for nameplates commemorating future games.  The teams have only played twice, with UCF winning 62-17 over the Huskies on October 26, 2013.  Diaco said that score isn't on the trophy because the game predates his arrival in Storrs.", u"It's not clear what will happen to the trophy after the Oct. 10 game.  UCF spokesman Brian Ormiston was asked if the Knights would take possession of the trophy should they win.", u'"That is something we can only answer if we were in discussions with UConn," he said.', u'But whether or not the two schools are talking to each other, the game is generating chatter, four months before it is to be played.  And that, said Diaco, is kind of the point.', u'"For us it\'s exciting and I think it\'s fun," he said. "If you embrace it, you embrace it. If you don\'t, you don\'t.  There was nothing before, so if you don\'t embrace it there would still be nothing. And if you do, even a little bit, it\'s more energetic and exciting."', u'____', u"This story has been corrected to show the tweet came from Diaco's office, not Diaco himself."]), ([u'IOC Still Concerned About Rio Water Pollution'], [u'LAUSANNE \u2014  The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is still concerned about the water pollution in Rio de Janeiro barely one year before it hosts the Olympic Games, its president Thomas Bach said on Monday.', u'Rio de Janeiro had originally pledged to reduce pollution in the notoriously fetid Guanabara Bay by 80 percent but officials confirmed in March that the target will not be reached.', u'Instead, they are now concentrating only on parts of the bay where sailing competitions will take place although they have insisted that these areas will be safe.', u'"We can see significant progress, at the same time we have asked the organizing committee to convey our concerns with regard to the issues of the water quality we are still facing in Rio," Bach told reporters.', u'"The IOC executive board is watching this situation very closely and we are expecting more information and more reports by the time of our next meeting, next month in Kuala Lumpur.', u'"We are approaching major test events in August and we all need to see progress in this regard.', u'"I\'m not an expert in water pollution, we have to leave it to the experts to tell us what is achievable, and in which time frame.', u'"These experts are telling us it is still achievable to have these competitions in safe water conditions and we have been advised today from the local organizing committee that this advice has not changed."', u'Bach also urged 2020 Olympic hosts Tokyo to settle on plans for the National Stadium as soon as possible.', u"Last month, Japan's sports minister Hakubun Shimomura said the stadium, the center piece for the 2020 Olympic Games and 2019 rugby World Cup, should ditch its plan for a retractable roof to save money.", u'He added that he wanted around 35 percent of the seats at the 80,000 seat stadium to be temporary ones in another cost-cutting measure.', u'"This is an issue for the national government to deal with," said Bach. "We think this issue should be solved as soon as possible because Tokyo has so much positive news to spread that we do not want a discussion about the stadium to overshadow the excellent progress being made," said Bach.', u'"It\'s in everyone\'s interest not to have this dragging on, we are confident that the national government will find a solution pretty soon."', u'The new National Stadium will be built on the grounds of the old, now demolished, one which was constructed to host the 1964 Olympics.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; editing)']), ([u'2 Seeds Fall at Nottingham Open 1st Round'], [u"NOTTINGHAM, England \u2014  Seeded players Karin Knapp and Ajla Tomljanovic lost in the first round of the Nottingham Open on Monday as top-level women's tennis returned to the central England grass-court venue for the first time in 42 years.", u'The fourth-seeded Knapp lost 6-4, 6-2 to Yanina Wickmayer of Belgium, and Tomljanovic, the No. 8 seed from Croatia, was beaten 4-6, 7-6 (1), 7-5 by Lauren Davis of the United States.', u'Other winners before rain arrived late in the afternoon were Mirjana Lucic-Baroni, Bojana Jovanovski and Ana Konjuh.', u"When play resumed, fifth-seeded Alison Riske of the U.S. completed a 6-3, 6-4 win over China's Saisai Zheng.", u"No. 13 Agnieszka Radwanska is the only member of the world's top 20 playing in the Wimbledon warm-up tournament, and is looking to rebound from a first-round loss at the ", u'. The Polish player begins her campaign on Tuesday when the first round will be completed.', u'Billie Jean King won the title the last time the Nottingham Open was staged on the main tour, in 1973.']), ([u'LeBron Has Cleveland Believing a Championship Is Near'], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  High above downtown, there's no visible evidence of a painful 51-year professional sports championship drought \u2014 the longest for any major U.S. city.", u"Atop Terminal Tower, 42 stories over revitalized Cleveland, heartbreak and curses don't exist. Just a spectacular view.", u"Directly below the centerpiece of Cleveland's skyline, the city is undergoing a modern renaissance as heavy construction equipment transforms Public Square in advance of the city hosting the 2016 Republican National Convention.", u"Orange barrels line nearly every street. Pedestrians jam the sidewalks, all seeming to wear something with Browns, Indians or Cavaliers written on the front \u2014 or a LeBron James jersey. In the distance, the sun's reflection dances off the windowed atrium of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.", u'Behold a new, shining Cleveland, once dubbed the "Mistake on the Lake."', u'The changes are more than cosmetic. There\'s been a startling attitude adjustment among skeptical and cynical Cleveland fans, who hope for the best, expect the worst and have agonized through painful sports moments given dubious nicknames like "Red Right 88," \'\'The Drive," \'\'The Fumble," \'\'The Shot," \'\'The Move," and "The Decision."', u'One man has transformed that. James has made Cleveland believe.', u'From the moment the Akron kid turned basketball king announced he was returning home, preaching togetherness to a fan base he spurned by leaving as a free agent for Miami in 2010, a new positive vibe has enveloped a place that often sees the glass not as half full, but broken.', u"And although the Cavs lost All-Stars Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving to season-ending injuries, James' brilliance and gritty contributions from unlikely players like Matthew Dellavedova and Timofey Mozgov have the team within three wins of an NBA title.", u'The Cavs are tied 1-1 with the Golden State Warriors heading into Game 3 of the NBA Finals on Tuesday night.', u'"Not only are we becoming a destination that people want to come to, but we potentially have a championship team," said Laura Kubinski, operations director of Cleveland Clothing Company, a hip downtown store. "It\'s our time. It\'s about damn time for Cleveland to win a championship."', u"Since the Browns won the NFL title in 1964, the city's three pro teams and a hockey club that merged with Minnesota in 1978 have completed 143 seasons without one finishing on top.", u'Close calls and runner-up trophies have scarred the locals. Something always cancels the parade.', u"If not injuries, it's Browns quarterback Brian Sipe forcing a pass and getting intercepted by Oakland's Mike Davis in 1981 (Red Right 88 was the play call). It's John Elway's 98-yard march in the 1986 AFC championship or Earnest Byner's muff at the goal line in Denver the next year. It's Michael Jordan's hang-in-the-air jumper over Craig Ehlo, owner Art Modell taking the Browns to Baltimore or James announcing South Beach would be his new home.", u"Or it's 1997, when cases of champagne and the World Series trophy were wheeled into, then out of the Indians clubhouse when Jose Mesa blew a save in Game 7 of the World Series.", u"The drought is ingrained in the citizenry's collective psyche \u2014 part of a Clevelander's DNA.", u'"I\'ve only been around for 38 years of it," said Nathan Zaremba, standing outside Quicken Loans Arena after buying a new Cavaliers cap for his 6-year-old son, Milo.', u'Zaremba said Clevelanders know all the bad moments and experience them from the first day of their lives.', u'"In Cleveland, you never quite have that hope, but we\'re feeling pretty confident," he said. "We\'re closer than we\'ve ever been. And, we\'ve got LeBron."', u'Understandably, some Cleveland fans can\'t shake their disbelief. After all, they\'ve been raised to repeat the phrase "Only in Cleveland" any time there\'s misfortune. But others remain proud, able to laugh at their own misfortune, dust themselves off and lose again. Some seem to relish the anguish.', u'"It\'s almost like a badge of honor," said Browns Pro Bowl tackle Joe Thomas. "It\'s kind of funny, it\'s like, we\'re still the most die-hard fans in all of sports and we haven\'t had a championship in 50 years. Hopefully, these next couple weeks we won\'t be able to say that anymore."', u"Cleveland's time could be near, if James can turn the punching bag for other cities into a title town.", u'As Kubinski looks out the door of her store, the thought of a parade down Euclid Avenue makes her eyes tear.', u'"I get goose bumps. It\'s emotional," she said. "My dad was at the 1964 game when the Browns won. His dad took him to the game. For all of us, this is huge."', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show Game 3 is Tuesday night, not Wednesday night.']), ([u'Bach Warns FIFA That Reforms Will Be Painful'], [u"LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach encouraged FIFA to continue with its reforms on Monday but warned soccer's scandal-plagued governing body that the process would be painful.", u'Bach added that he did not want to give advice to FIFA and pointed out that the structures of the two organizations were enormously different and difficult to compare.', u'"We can only encourage FIFA to continue (with) the reforms which have been initiated, we cannot give detailed advice of what to do but we appreciate there is a readiness for reforms," he told a news conference.', u'"We also know from our experience that.... putting everything on the desk can be a painful experience, but it is absolutely necessary to do this as we have seen from our own history."', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter resigned last Tuesday, less than one week after Swiss police staged a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.', u'In 1998, the IOC was caught in its own bribes-for-votes scandal involving the 2002 Salt Lake City winter Olympics. That was the catalyst that led to wholesale reforms within the organization.', u'"The structure of FIFA is very different from the IOC and the difference in the scope is huge. There is almost no comparison of what happened with Salt Lake City and what is now at stake with regards to FIFA," said Bach.', u'"We had this kind of problem (and) we addressed it... by introducing term limits, reducing the age limits, by having term limits not only for members but also members of the executive board and president," added Bach.', u'"One of the major steps in this reform (was) to have athletes electing their own representatives for the IOC executive board; we had the representatives of the international federations and of the national Olympic Committees.', u'"It means giving all the stakeholders in the Olympic movement the chance to express themselves."', u"Bach played down the significance of Blatter's decision not to attend the presentation of 2022 Winter Olympic candidates cities Almaty and Beijing to IOC members on Tuesday and Wednesday.", u'"He informed us 10 to 14 days ago that he will not be able to make it for the briefing... because of other commitments, and I think he is not the only one who excused himself," said Bach.', u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Obama: U.S. Wants to Ensure World Soccer Operates With Integrity'], [u'KRUEN, Germany \u2014  President Barack Obama on Monday made his first comments on the scandal enveloping soccer\'s governing body, saying the sport is a "massive business" that needs to be run with integrity.', u'"In conversations I\'ve had here in Europe, people think it is very important for FIFA to be able to operate with integrity and transparency and accountability," Obama told reporters at a news conference after the G7 summit.', u"Obama said he could not comment directly on the FBI's investigation into bribery and corruption at FIFA.", u'But he said soccer is not only a game but a business and "a source of incredible national pride," and that the United States wants "to make sure that a sport that\'s gaining popularity is conducted in an upright manner."', u'(Reporting by Jeff Mason; Writing by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Mohammad Zargham)']), ([u'European Soccer Bids Adieu to 2 Stalwarts'], [u'LONDON \u2014  The last whistle in Berlin\u2019s Olympic Stadium brought unbridled joy for Xavi Hern\xe1ndez and unabashed tears from Andrea Pirlo.', u'Eventually, they found one another amid the bedlam on the field after ', u'\u2019s 3-1 victory over ', u' in the Champions League final. Xavi wrapped his arms around Pirlo, and to many of us watching that embrace, it felt like losing two friends, knowing that we won\u2019t see either of them at the top of their game again.', u'Midnight was fast approaching, and with it Xavi, the Catalan playmaker, and Pirlo, the Italian virtuoso, would say their goodbyes to players with whom they have shared their lives and their triumphs.', u'Allow me to correct that: They said their goodbyes to players \u2014 some of them the greats of the game \u2014 whom they have directed through life.', u'Xavi, 35, will next play for Al Sadd, the Qatari club where he will wind down his career at a far slower tempo than Barcelona\u2019s. He will also start building his coaching credentials and serve as an ambassador for the 2022 World Cup, which Qatar will host.', u'Pirlo, 36, will travel in the opposite direction, west. It isn\u2019t yet official, but he is leaving Juventus to head to America and Major League Soccer to become the third \u201cdesignated player\u201d with New York City F.C., alongside Frank Lampard and David Villa.', u'Both will still get to enjoy first-class travel and top-notch salaries, no doubt. But these are the first steps on the road to retirement for two men whose trophy collection includes everything a soccer player would want, including a World Cup title for Pirlo in 2006 and one for Xavi from 2010.', u'\u201cI feel nostalgia,\u201d Xavi said on Spanish television with the match ball his for keeps and the trophy barely out of his hands. \u201cKnowing you are not going to play again for this club is hard, but I am content. This generation has made history. I am leaving, but they will keep making history. It is a fantastic team.\u201d', u'Of course it is, with all the great talents it has. Bar\xe7a\u2019s Andr\xe9s Iniesta was named the man of the match in Berlin. Lionel Messi is the best player in the world. And Ivan Rakitic has gradually filled Xavi\u2019s role in midfield, though in a more robust way than the serene flow that Xavi has conducted for the team over the past decade and a half.', u'Winning is everything in sports, but from the perspective that Xavi and Pirlo are saying their goodbyes to European soccer, it doesn\u2019t matter which of them won Saturday. The greater loss is ours.', u'They have been great sports as well as great sportsmen, two of the most compelling reasons to go to a soccer stadium. They made other players play, guiding and serving the passes to those who made the headlines.', u'But what they did goes beyond just a pass or a dribble or even a goal.', u'Put it this way: There is no excuse for any child in Qatar, the United States or anywhere else to conclude that soccer is for just bigger, stronger, more powerful athletes. Xavi is 5-foot-7. Pirlo is a little bit taller, but not much.', u'It is the size of their imagination, and their heart, that made them what they are. Xavi was surrounded by bigger boys, and then bigger men, as he grew up at Bar\xe7a, but he stood shoulder-to-shoulder with them all, once play began, as did the similar-size Iniesta and Messi.', u'Xavi knew what he wanted to be at age 11 when he enrolled at Barcelona\u2019s academy, where he embraced the philosophy imbued by Johan Cruyff, the great Dutch player: Play with the mind, pass to the foot and move with imagination.', u'Pirlo, who was born into a sterner culture in northern Italy, willed himself to be different. As a youngster he studied the technique that Juninho Pernambucano, a Brazilian free kick specialist, used to apply spin and deceptive movement to the ball as it was flying through the air.', u'In Pirlo\u2019s autobiography, \u201c', u'\u201d (\u201cI Think, Therefore I Play\u201d) he described his fascination with what the Brazilian did, along with countless practices to replicate it \u2014 and the Eureka moment when he found he could bend it as Juninho did with the French club Lyon from 2001 to 2009.', u'Italian scribes dubbed Pirlo the \u201cMozart\u201d of soccer as he started from Brescia, matured at A.C. Milan, and finished up with Juventus. He could play deep in the field, yet turn defense into attack in a second. A fleeting glimpse of that came Saturday in his 40-yard pass that hit Paul Pogba in full stride.', u'Fans had to wait until the final 15 minutes to see Xavi rise from the bench and take his part.', u'But Xavi always could play the waiting game. He didn\u2019t just give the ball, he shared it around. Dani Alves, the Brazilian wing back for Barcelona, talks of \u201cXavi always playing the game in the future.\u201d', u'That means thinking ahead and deciding which colleague is most likely to capitalize from receiving the ball. Obviously, it helps that Messi and Iniesta grew up in the same school as Xavi.', u'But just look at the way that Ronaldinho once thrilled the fans at Camp Nou in Barcelona long before Neymar emerged. Look at the way Bar\xe7a integrated Luis Su\xe1rez after critics could not figure out why the club would pay so much for another striker.', u'The coach, Luis Enrique, knitted the ensemble together. But it was Xavi\u2019s name that was on many of the passes that liberated Messi, Su\xe1rez and Neymar to score 122 goals this season.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s about doing something extra, not just winning,\u201d Xavi once said. \u201cGreater than the result is controlling or dominating a match. That is the legacy.\u201d', u'It is his legacy, shared, even in defeat, by Pirlo. We wish them well on road to retirement.']), ([u'Engine Rules Could Force Renault Out: Horner'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Renault could quit Formula One if they are not allowed to develop their engines during the course of next season, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has warned.', u'The French manufacturer, partners to Red Bull and sister team Toro Rosso, has been lagging champions Mercedes and Ferrari since the complex new V6 turbo hybrid power units were introduced in 2014.', u"In-season development, through a complicated system of 'tokens', has been allowed this year but the 2016 regulations in their current form put an end to that unless there is unanimous agreement to relax them.", u'Horner told reporters at the Canadian Grand Prix that dominant champions Mercedes should think of the bigger picture before resisting change.', u'"The situation is we are at a precarious point in terms of Renault\'s commitment to the future," the Briton said.', u'"If you are effectively shutting that down (the engine development) in February, you are almost waving goodbye to them (Renault).', u'"So (Mercedes) need to have a bit of a grown-up think about it. And the FIA as well to say what is in the best interests of F1. If F1 can afford to lose an engine manufacturer, then stick to Feb. 28."', u'Horner said a development freeze would be the worst thing for Renault, who have said they are assessing all their options in the sport.', u'The manufacturer has a contract with Red Bull through 2016 but has not ruled out quitting or taking a greater involvement in a team.', u"The sport has only four engine makers, with McLaren's partner Honda struggling even more than Renault and equally keen on constant development.", u"Red Bull, who won four successive drivers' and constructors' titles until Mercedes swept both last year, have also suggested they could be forced out if they do not have a competitive engine.", u'"We are looking at a lot of options, including getting out of Formula One," Renault F1 managing director Cyril Abiteboul said in March.', u'However, he told Reuters last month that the company, who championed the V6 engines before their introduction, had a long-term plan.', u'"Our plans right now are to stick with what we are. We are an engine supplier and we have to do a better job on the technical side," said the Frenchman. "We have had our difficulties, that\'s what we need to focus on."', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Fendrich on Tennis: Williams' Slam Bid Moves On to Wimbledon"], [u"PARIS \u2014  Serena Williams was only a few hours' removed from her second major trophy of 2015, putting her halfway to a true Grand Slam, when she expressed a wish for a particular outcome in the following day's men's final at the ", u'.', u'Like Williams, Novak Djokovic already had won the Australian Open in January. And like Williams, he would be appearing in the title match at Roland Garros.', u'"I\'m kind of hoping Djokovic will win," Williams said with a laugh Saturday night, "so I\'m not the only one with this pressure on me. So, like, we\'re in this together, brother."', u'Alas, less than 24 hours later, the championship went to Stan Wawrinka, who beat Djokovic in four delightful sets.', u'So as the tennis world moves to grass courts \u2014 Wimbledon begins June 29 \u2014 Williams stands alone in a bid for a calendar-year Grand Slam.', u'"That\'s probably the most difficult thing to do in tennis," said Williams\' coach, Patrick Mouratoglou. "But it\'s possible."', u"With all of the hype and excitement that surrounded American Pharoah's sweep of horse racing's ", u" races \u2014 becoming the 12th to do it, and first since 1978 \u2014 it's worth noting how rare a full-fledged tennis Grand Slam is: Only two men and three women have done it. The last man was Rod Laver in 1969. The last woman was Steffi Graf in 1988.", u'Williams was asked what it might mean to accomplish pretty much the only thing missing from a resume that includes 20 major singles titles, another 13 in doubles, four Olympic gold medals and nearly 250 weeks at No. 1 in the rankings.', u'"Oh, God. I\'m not missing it," the 33-year-old American corrected, playfully wagging a finger at the reporter who posed the question. "I\'ve got a \'Serena Slam,\' and I\'m close to another \'Serena Slam.\'"', u'That is true.', u'Williams won the ', u' last September, meaning she has won the last three major championships.', u'The last woman to do that? Williams, of course. She won four consecutive majors from the 2002 French Open to the 2003 Australian Open, dubbed a "Serena Slam."', u'Purists insist that the only way a Grand Slam is really a Grand Slam is if the four titles are earned during the same season.', u'Williams was asked whether she thinks there really is a difference.', u'"You know what? I\'m not going there. You guys \u2014 you go there," she said. "I didn\'t put that pressure on me. I\'ve lost every year at Roland Garros after winning the Australian Open, and I told you then, \'I\'m not going there.\' And I\'m keeping my word."', u'The last time a woman pulled off the Australian-French double was in 2001, when Jennifer Capriati did it. But her Slam bid stalled in the Wimbledon semifinals with a three-set loss to Justine Henin.', u'One big difference: Capriati never had won Wimbledon \u2014 and she never did.', u'Williams, in contrast, already has claimed that title in 2002, 2003, 2009, 2010 and 2012. She was also the runner-up in 2004 and 2008.', u"Win No. 6 at Wimbledon, and major title No. 21 overall, and Williams would head to the U.S. Open with much at stake. At a tournament where she has won the past three championships and a half-dozen in all, she'd have a chance to complete the full-year Grand Slam and equal Graf at 22 majors, second-most behind Margaret Smith Court's 24.", u'Now that would get some attention.', u'The gap from Roland Garros to the All England Club has been two weeks in the past, but an extra week was added this year to allow for the transition from clay to grass.', u'Mouratoglou, Williams\' coach for her past seven major titles, called it "a great idea."', u'"To win Roland Garros and Wimbledon back-to-back, it\'s incredible. With one more week, you have more chances to do it," he said. "They were much too close."', u"There will be plenty for tennis fans to keep an eye on during the Wimbledon fortnight: No. 1 Djokovic's and No. 2 Petra Kvitova's title defenses; Wawrinka as a bona fide contender at every major; Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal trying to stay at the top of the game; Andy Murray as the locals' favorite; the new generation of up-and-comers such as Nick Kyrgios and Jack Sock; Maria Sharapova's bid to get back to a final at the place she won her first major trophy; French Open runner-up Lucie Safarova's progress.", u'The most compelling story line, though, is Williams.', u'___']), ([u'Defending Champion Vandeweghe Advances at TopShelf Open'], [u'S-HERTOGENBOSCH, Netherlands \u2014  CoCo Vandeweghe started the defense of her Topshelf Open title with a 7-6 (1), 6-1 win over Andreea Mitu on Monday as the season shifted to grass.', u'The third-seeded Vandeweghe, who won her sole career title in the Netherlands last year, trailed 4-1 in the first set before she found her range. She saved four of the five break points she faced and fired nine aces.', u'Mitu, who made it to the fourth round at the ', u', was overwhelmed in the tiebreak and dropped her serve twice in the second set.', u'Fifth-seeded Camila Giorgi also progressed to the second round with a 7-5, 6-2 win over Irina Falconi.', u"In men's play, Robin Haase defeated Blaz Kavcic 6-2, 7-5 and Gilles Muller beat Marsel Ilhan 6-0, 7-5."]), ([u'Zambia Switch Coaches Days Before Qualifier'], [u'(Reuters) - Zambia have appointed George Lwandamina as caretaker coach five days before they play Guinea Bissau in a home African Nations Cup qualifier on Saturday.', u'Lwandamina replaced Honour Janza, who led the side at the Nations Cup finals in Equatorial Guinea this year, but has now been shifted to look after the Football Association of Zambia\u2019s (FAZ) development programmes.', u'The announcement was made in a FAZ statement on Monday, which added that the association hoped to have a permanent head coach in place in a matter of weeks.', u'Lwandamina is the current coach of club side Zesco United, who lie second in the Zambian Super League.', u'(Reporting by Nick Said, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'England Have Picked Exciting Squad, Says McCullum'], [u'LONDON \u2014  New Zealand expect a new-look England squad to match their aggressive style of cricket in the five-game one-day series, captain Brendon McCullum said on Monday.', u'Following a dismal World Cup campaign, England are resting key players, including fast bowlers James Anderson and Stuart Broad, for the series against the Kiwis which starts in Birmingham on Tuesday.', u'Young seamer Mark Wood, destructive top-order batsman Alex Hales and wicketkeeper Sam Billings will hope to get the chance to impress.', u'"I like the look of the squad, I think it\'s an exciting squad they\'ve picked," McCullum told Sky Sports.', u'"It\'s obviously a little bit raw but it\'s full of talented players who are pretty aggressive with bat and ball.', u'"England have got some really dangerous players and judging by the comments coming out of their camp they\'re looking forward to branching out a little bit," McCullum said.', u"The two sides fought out a gripping 1-1 draw in the test series, with England winning the first match at Lord's before the Kiwis struck back to seal a comprehensive victory at Headingley last week.", u'"The test matches were played in great spirit and I\'m sure this will be the same," McCullum said.', u'"Both teams will relish the opportunity to pit their skills against the other."', u"New Zealand reached this year's World Cup final playing a supremely positive and energetic brand of cricket.", u'"The way we went about it throughout the World Cup gives us a good chance and, hopefully, on the back of a pretty good test series we\'ll play a similar style and can continue to build on that," McCullum said.', u"England fast bowler Steven Finn said the hosts would be looking to match the New Zealanders' positive and innovative tactics.", u'\u201cThey are obviously very strong. To get to the final of the World Cup is no mean feat," Finn told the England and Wales Cricket Board website (', u').', u'\u201cThey\u2019re an exceptional one-day side but we\u2019re looking to go toe-to-toe with them and we\u2019re looking to fight fire with fire."', u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"Chelsea's Brunei Prince Bows Out of SEA Games"], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Chelsea forward Faiq Jefri Boliah is easily the most marked footballer at the Southeast Asian Games. Everywhere the 17-year-old Brunei royal goes someone is by his side.', u"Off the field it is two bodyguards who ensure the nephew of the Sultan of Brunei Hassanal Bolkiah, one of the world's super rich, is well looked after.", u'On the pitch, the lone forward, a standout talent in a weak Brunei under-23 side, is always kept in check by four defenders.', u'The close marking meant his SEA Games adventure ended early at the group stage on Monday after Brunei were beaten 2-0 by Malaysia to make it five defeats in five games.', u"Monday's loss at a near deserted Bishan Stadium in Singapore followed the script of the team's four other Group A defeats by Vietnam, East Timor, Laos and Thailand.", u"Faiq, the son of one of the world's most famous royals, Prince Jefri Bolkiah who is renowned for leading an extravagant, playboy lifestyle, was forced to feed of scraps as his under siege team mates pumped aimless long balls forward hoping to find their headline act.", u'"Normally I\'m a winger but here I play the striker role, its different but I\'ll play there," the fast-talking forward told Reuters.', u'With his few touches, the former Arsenal trialist with the yellow boots and tall hair was able to show his pace and dribbling capabilities which threatened to result in a second goal of the tournament following a penalty against East Timor.', u'His step-overs and feints drew screaming admiration from a small group of young female admirers.', u'But his evening ended prematurely in the 81st minute when he was replaced after his frustrations boiled over. Moments earlier he screamed at his team mates to give the ball to him instead of firing another hopeful long pass.', u'There was no resentment, though, as he said his farewells and posed for numerous pictures.', u'"The boys did really, really well, they should be proud of themselves. Worked really hard," he said.', u'"I thought, maybe fitness is something we have to work on to last the whole 90 minutes."', u'For Faiq, next stop is London in preparation for the start of pre-season on July 2 with the English Premier League champions.', u'With 19-year-old Ruben Loftus-Cheek making his breakthrough into the first team, Chelsea coach Jose Mourinho has shown his willingness to give his academy talents, who won the UEFA Youth League last term, a chance. Faiq, though, is taking nothing for granted.', u'"Taking it slow, realistic goals, slowly by slowly, keeping it realistic, keep playing my matches, keep playing well and see where it takes me," he said.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Four New Events Added to 2018 Winter Olympics'], [u'LAUSANNE \u2014  Four new events in curling, speed skating, downhill skiing and snowboarding have been added to the programme for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.', u'The games will feature curling mixed doubles, speed skating mass start, big air snowboarding and a team event in downhill skiing following a decision by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board on Monday.', u'Big air snowboarding will replace the snowboard parallel slalom in a move agreed with the International Ski Federation (FIS), the IOC added.', u'"The changes reflect the continued evolution of the Winter Olympic Programme and build on the success of recent editions of the Games," said the IOC in a statement.', u'"The new programme will allow for a record number of female events, a record number of mixed events, a record number of female athletes and a projected increase in the overall female participation at the Olympic Winter games."', u'In big air snowboarding, competitors launch themselves off a ramp and perform jumps and spins in the air before attempting a secure landing.', u'(Reporting by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Ferrari Make a Step Up Despite Canada Setbacks'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Ferrari failed to finish on the Formula One podium for the first time this season in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix but still found positives in the performance.", u'Team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said it was clear an engine upgrade had delivered even if champions Mercedes dominated the race.', u'"If you look at the pace of Seb (Vettel) during the race, it\'s quite clear we were there," he told reporters. "So I think in terms of performance it\'s fine.', u'"But when you get points but not the podium you cannot say you are satisfied.', u'Arrivabene said the upgrade had given the team "the positive answer that we were asking for" but circumstances had not allowed the sport\'s oldest and most successful team to make the most of it at a circuit that rewards engine power.', u'"It\'s a long way to go. We need to recognize that at the moment they (Mercedes) are stronger than us without thinking that we closed the gap so we can beat them every race," added the Italian. "This is not realistic.', u'"But the answer that we got during this weekend, especially with the race of Seb, was quite good."', u"Ferrari remain comfortably second in the constructors' standings with 180 points to Mercedes's 285. Mercedes-powered Williams are third on 104.", u'Vettel, a four times world champion with Red Bull, finished fifth after starting in 18th place because of power unit problems in qualifying and a five place penalty incurred for overtaking while red flags were waved in practice.', u'Kimi Raikkonen, who ended up fourth after starting third, finished 45.6 seconds adrift of winner and world champion Lewis Hamilton.', u'Vettel did well in fighting through back marker traffic and past Mercedes-powered rivals Force India and Lotus but Raikkonen hurt his chances with a spin that forced a change of strategy from one stop to two.', u'The Finn still set the fastest lap, however.', u'Mercedes motorsport director Toto Wolff, whose drivers finished one-two for the fourth time in seven races this season, said the setbacks had masked the gains Ferrari had made and warned against complacency.', u'"I think we must not under-estimate the (engine) upgrade they have brought because we have seen a very strong pace on the Friday," said the Austrian.', u'"My assumption is that we haven\'t seen the best of Ferrari. So let\'s not under-estimate them. I think that they will bounce back strong in Austria (next week)."', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'IOC Approves New Events for 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang'], [u'LAUSANNE, Switzerland \u2014  The IOC approved new events Monday in snowboarding, Alpine skiing, speedskating and curling for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea.', u'Big Air in snowboarding, mass start in speedskating, mixed doubles in curling, and a team skiing event were the additions ratified Monday by the International Olympic Committee executive board.', u'The snowboard parallel slalom event, meanwhile, was dropped from the Olympic program to make room for Big Air.', u'Under IOC rules, events and disciplines can be added or removed up until three years before the games. The new events are for men and women.', u'The IOC has been determined to attract younger audiences, as evidenced by the addition of halfpipe and slopestyle events at recent Winter Olympics.', u'"The changes reflect the continued evolution of the Winter Olympic program and build on the success of recent editions of the games," the IOC said in a statement. "They also build on the reforms outlined in Olympic Agenda 2020 which aim to create more flexibility into the Olympic program of the Olympic Games."', u'The IOC recommends the participation of about 2,900 athletes competing in 100 events for the Winter Games.', u'The Pyeongchang organizing committee said it "respects" the IOC decision, which will add four more gold medal events to the games for a total of 102. The South Korean organizers said it will be the first Winter Games in history with more than 100 medal events.', u'The IOC said decisions on which new events to accept for 2018 were based on a number of factors, including youth appeal, TV and media interest, gender equality and "infrastructure and operational cost and complexity."', u'The IOC said the new program will ensure a record number of female events, mixed events and female athletes.', u"It looks like snowboard's Big Air will be the latest step in the goal to appeal to youth.", u'In Big Air events, boarders fly off a highly pitched ramp similar to those on the slopestyle course, and perform jumps with multiple flips and spins. They do as many jumps as possible in an allotted amount of time.', u'Big Air events in freestyle skiing had also been proposed for Olympic inclusion but did not win IOC approval.', u'The International Skating Union has also been looking to make Olympic speedskating more exciting for fans.', u'Mass start races would add intrigue, team tactics and a direct confrontation of skating styles in a long-distance event. It could also bring some of the push and shove elements of short track to the Olympic big oval \u2014 something likely to displease purists.', u"Curling has had two events, separate men's and women's competitions, since returning to the Olympics in 1998.", u'While traditional curling involves teams of four players, mixed doubles would include teams of two players \u2014 one male and one female. Teams would have six stones each, instead of eight.', u'The new Alpine skiing event involves teams of two men and two women competing in parallel slalom races. The team event has been part of the world championships and the World Cup finals.', u'"We believe that adding new events will make the 2018 Winter Games more innovative," Pyeongchang organizing committee leader Cho Yang-ho said.', u'The committee added that the new events "will have very limited impact on the overall games operations."', u'The IOC is also still working on the program for the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Under a new procedure, Japanese organizers can propose the addition of one or more sports for their games.', u'Baseball and softball \u2014 both out of the Olympics since the 2008 Beijing Games \u2014 are considered the favorites to be included in Tokyo because of their popularity in Japan. A final decision will be made in August 2016 on the eve of the Rio de Janeiro Olympics.']), ([u'Schooling Bags Two More Golds at SEA Games'], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  Singaporean swimmer Joseph Schooling scooped up another two gold medals at the 28th Southeast Asian Games on Monday, taking him almost halfway to his goal of winning nine events at the region's biggest multi-sports events.", u'The 19-year-old followed up his two golds on Sunday with another double, easily winning the 50 metres freestyle and 200m butterfly to make it four from four.', u"A class above his rivals, Schooling has broken the SEA Games record in all of the races he has contested so far, as well as getting under the 'A' qualifying time for next year's Rio Olympics in three different events -- 100m freestyle, 200m freestyle and 200m butterfly.", u"Texas-based Schooling just missed out on the Olympic 'A' time for the 50m freestyle but did break Singapore's longest standing national record, which was set 33 years ago.", u"Schooling's 18-year-old team mate Quah Zheng Wen finished second in the 200m butterfly shortly after winning the 200m backstroke to capture his sixth medal at Singapore's new Aquatic Centre.", u'Quah now has three gold and three silver medals and another six events to go at a meet where the top swimmers often amass huge medal hauls because of the small fields.', u'The youngest swimmer in the swimming competition is Oo Shun Lei Maw, from Myanmar. She is just 10 years old and has finished last in all her events.', u'"They are so fast and I am the slowest one!" she said. "I want to be better than the slowest one."', u"Quah's older sister Ting Wen, 22, captured two more gold medals on Monday, denying Vietnam's Nguyen Thi Anh Vien a fifth title in three nights by winning the 100m freestyle, then helping the host-nation win the 4x200m freestyle relay.", u'The siblings have a younger sister, 14-year-old Jing Wen, who won a bronze on Saturday.', u'Nguyen won four golds over the first two nights but had to be content with a silver and a bronze on third day, giving her six medals from seven of the 11 events she has entered.', u'Singapore have dominated the first few days of the Games to open up a lead at the top of the medals table, followed in order by Vietnam, Thailand and Malaysia.', u"The Games were awarded to tiny Singapore as part of the country's year-long celebrations marking the 50th anniversary of independence from Malaysia.", u'But the festive mood was subdued on Monday as both countries observed a day of mourning for the 16 victims of the Mt Kinabalu earthquake in Borneo.', u"Flags were flown at half-mast and a minute's silence was observed at every venue where the SEA Games is being held.", u'Some members of the Singaporean team are also receiving counselling and guidance as Muhammad Azreen, a national sepak takraw player, fights for his life.', u'The 25-year-old remains in a critical condition in a Singapore hospital after undergoing two operations following a motorcycle accident on Sunday that resulted in the death of his younger brother.', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Germany Unhappy With Post-Season International Matches'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  World Cup winners Germany believe the June dates for internationals are far from convenient with domestic and European club competitions only just over and players eager for a break after a long season.', u'The Germans face the United States in a friendly in Cologne on Wednesday before their Euro 2016 qualifier against minnows Gibraltar three days later in Portugal.', u'"The date is far from ideal," team manager Oliver Bierhoff told reporters on Monday.', u'"It is an international competition date for national teams to play matches. We have no influence on fixing the dates for the qualifiers so we have the Gibraltar match assigned on that date."', u"The domestic league ended last month with many players already on holiday before their teams' pre-season training starts next month.", u"Bierhoff said the internationals did at least offer younger players the chance to come in while others, like Bayern's Thomas Mueller, are being rested following a busy season and with next year's European Championship in France in mind.", u'He also sounded confident that the players would not have lost too much in terms of fitness.', u'"We have contacted the players and they have said they have been keeping fit. I also don\'t think you lose too much fitness in such a short period of time."', u'Captain Bastian Schweinsteiger also declared himself fully fit despite the unsuitable dates.', u'"The dates for these games are what they are," said the midfielder. "They are at these specific dates and obviously there are far more ideal ones than those.', u'"But now it is what it is and we have to stay disciplined on the pitch and also play good games for the fans."', u'Apart from Mueller and midfielder Toni Kroos, who are being rested, Germany are also without injured goalkeeper Manuel Neuer and defender Mats Hummels.', u'"Obviously, Gibraltar are a small footballing nation," Bierhoff said. "We know that and obviously a win is an obligation for us and hopefully with a lot of goals.', u'"But we take them seriously as we do every opponent and we will treat them with the proper respect."', u'Germany are second in qualifying Group D on 10 points from five matches, one behind leaders Poland and level with Scotland, who are third on goal difference.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann)']), ([u'McLaren See No Risk of Alonso Meltdown'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  McLaren are confident their relationship with Fernando Alonso is not about to go into meltdown after the Spaniard made his frustration evident in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix", u'Those who predicted a bumpy ride, after the double world champion returned to the team he fell out with in a stormy 2007 season, will have heard the radio exchanges with some foreboding.', u'Until Sunday, despite failing to score a point for a team wrestling with a misfiring and underpowered Honda engine, Alonso had been relentlessly positive. But the mask slipped somewhat in Montreal.', u'Told to save fuel after just 24 of the 70 laps, he exclaimed: "I don\'t want. I don\'t want".', u'"Already I have big problems now. Driving with this, looking like amateur. So I race and then I concentrate on the fuel."', u"The 'amateur' reference lit up social media but McLaren racing director Eric Boullier, no stranger to fire-fighting after his time at Lotus, played down the suggestion that the relationship was starting to fray.", u'"If we are still like this next year, yes of course I\'m sure he is going to turn mad, but I don\'t think he will," the Frenchman told reporters.', u'"You guys see him regularly and you can see he is happy with the team, happy where he is now. He wants to win, he wants to race, he wants to compete, we know he\'s a winner and we have the same agenda anyway.', u'"He told me the other day he was considering this year like his testing year just to be ready next year," added Boullier.', u'"At least he doesn\'t put himself into a corner or a situation where he would feel frustrated."', u'McLaren are starting a new partnership with Honda, with whom they won a string of Formula One titles in the late 1980s, but the Japanese manufacturer has considerable ground to make up with the new V6 turbo hybrid power units.', u'Champions Mercedes, Ferrari and even troubled Renault are well down the road after more than a year with the new and highly complex engines.', u"Neither McLaren finished Sunday's race after both cars suffered exhaust problems, with Jenson Button also missing out on qualifying while the team changed his power unit.", u'"There is a lot of work obviously to be done," said Boullier.', u'"We always say we have a mountain to climb but it looks like it\'s a very high mountain."', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Fight Schedule'], [u'June 12', u"At UIC Pavilion, Chicago (Spike), Erislandy Lara vs. Delvin Rodriguez, 12, for Lara's WBA World junior middleweight title; Artur Beterbiev vs. Doudou Ngumbu, 10, light heavyweights; Ivan Redkach vs. Dejan Zlaticanin, 12, lightweights; Eleider Alvarez vs. Anatoliy Dudchenko, 10 light heavyweights. June 13", u'At Whitchurch Sports Centre, Bristol, England, Lee Haskins vs. Ryosuke Iwasa, 12, for the interim IBF bantamweight title.', u"At Madison Square Garden Theater, New York (HBO), Nicholas Walters vs. Miguel Maariaga, 12, for Walters' WBA Super World featherweight title; Felix Verdejo vs. Ivan Najera, 10, lightweights.", u"At Bartow Arena, Birmingham, Ala. (SHO), Deontay Wilder vs. Eric Molina, 12, for Wilder's WBC heavyweight title; Jose Pedraza vs. Andrey Klimov, 12, for the vacant IBF junior lightweight title; Ivan Redkach vs. Dejan Zlaticanin, 12, WBC lightweight eliminator; Julian Williams vs. Armen Ovsepyan, 10, super welterweights; Ahmed Elbiali vs. Donta Woods, 10, light heavyweights. June 20", u"At Bell Centre, Montreal, Hassan N'Dam vs. David Lemieux, 12, for the vacant IBF middleweight title; Dierry Jean vs. Jerry Belmontes, 12, lightweights.", u'At Oracle Arena, Oakland, Calif. (BET), Andre Ward vs. Paul Smith, 12, light heavyweights.', u'At MGM Grand, Las Vegas (NBC/NBCSN), Shawn Porter vs. Adrien Broner, 12, welterweights; Errol Spence Jr. vs. Roberto Garcia, 10, welterweights. June 21', u'At MGM Grand, Las Vegas (CBS), Rances Barthelemy vs. Antonio DeMarco, 10, super lightweights; Sammy Vasquez vs. Wale Omotoso, 10, welterweights. June 26', u'At Seneca Niagara Casino & Hotel, Niagara Falls, N.Y. (CBSSN), Dennis Hogan vs. Kenny Abril, 10, super welterweights.', u'At State Farm Arena, Hidalgo, Texas (truTV), Gilberto Ramirez vs. Derek Edwards, 10, super middleweights.', u'At Little Creek Casino Resort, Shelton, Wash. (SHO), Dominic Wade vs. Sam Soliman, 10, middleweights.', u'At Salinas (Calif.) Storm House (FS1), Alan Sanchez vs. Steve Claggett, 10, welterweights; Paul Mendez vs. David Lopez, 10, middleweights. June 27', u"At Bangkok, Thailand, Amnat Ruenroeng vs. John Riel Casimero, 12, for Ruenroeng's IBF flyweight title.", u'At StubHub Center, Carson, Calif. (HBO), Timothy Bradley Jr. vs. Jessie Vargas, 12, welterweights; Humberto Soto vs. Raymundo Beltran, 12, super welterweights. July 4', u"At Mazatlan, Mexico, Pedro Guevara vs. Ganigan Lopez, 12, for Guevara's WBC World light flyweight title. July 11", u"At Magdeburg, Germany, Ruslan Chagaev vs. Francesco Pianeta, 12, for Chagaev's WBA World heavyweight title.", u"At Tampa, Fla. (ESPN2), Keith Thurman vs. Luis Collazo, 12, for Thurman's WBA World welterweight title; Tony Harrison vs. Willie Nelson, 10, middleweights.", u'At Memorial Sports Arena, Los Angeles, Mauricio Herrera vs. Hank Lundy, 10, for the vacant NABF super lightweight title; Michael Perez vs. Sharif Bogere, 10, lightweights. July 18', u"At Macao, China, Ik Yang vs. Cesar Rene Cuenca, 12, for the vacant IBF super lightweight title; Nonito Donaire vs. Anthony Settoul, 10, junior featherweights; Mickey Bey vs. Denis Shafikov, 12, for Bey's IBF lightweight title.", u"At Manchester (England) Arena, Scott Quigg vs. Kiko Martinez, 12, for Quigg's WBA World junior featherweight title; Darleys Perez vs. Anthony Crolla, 12, for Perez's WBA World lightweight title; Chris Jenkins vs. Tyrone Nurse, 12, for vacant British junior welterweight title; Sam Eggington vs. Glenn Foot, 12, for vacant British welterweight title.", u"At Mandalay Bay Resort & Casino, Las Vegas (HBO), Sergey Kovalev vs. Nadjib Mohammedi, 12, for Kovalev's IBF-WBO-WBA Super World light heavyweight titles. July 25", u"At Las Vegas, Sergey Kovalev vs. Nadjib Mohammedi, 12, for Kovalev's WBA Super World-IBF-WBO light heavyweight titles; Jean Pascal vs. Cuban Yunieski Gonzalez, 10, light heavyweights."]), ([u"French Champ Wawrinka: Federer 'Always Really Happy' for Him"], [u"PARIS \u2014  So here's how far Stan Wawrinka has come: Now that he is a two-time major champion, the guy ignores congratulatory phone calls from none other than Roger Federer.", u"OK, well, that's not exactly how it went. But Wawrinka did say Monday, less than 24 hours after beating Novak Djokovic in the ", u" final, that he wasn't able to answer a post-match call from good pal Federer, his Swiss Olympic and Davis Cup teammate, because it was time to do a news conference.", u'Wawrinka did read a text message from Federer.', u'"He is always really happy for me. It\'s true happiness," Wawrinka said. "He is always behind me. He likes when I win. He loves that."', u"For years, Wawrinka toiled in his countryman's not-insignificant shadow, a top-20 player who would occasionally win a smaller tournament or get to the quarterfinals of a major \u2014 while Federer was spending more time at No. 1 in the rankings, and collecting more Grand Slam trophies, than any man in history.", u'They paired up to win a gold medal in doubles for Switzerland at the 2008 Beijing Olympics, then gave the nation its first Davis Cup title last November.', u"Those successes helped boost Wawrinka's confidence. So did coach Magnus Norman, the 2000 French Open runner-up.", u'After their first practice session, in 2013, they sat down to check a calendar and figure out which tournaments Norman could attend. Norman mentioned the season-ending ATP World Tour finals, which only admits the top eight players.', u"Wawrinka wasn't even among the top 15 at the time.", u'"I told him: \'What? I\'ll be there?\'" the 30-year-old Wawrinka said Monday.', u'Sure enough, he made it.', u'"Some coaches try to give you confidence, to push you all the time, telling you that you are great, that this is a boxing match and you are going to hit your opponent hard," Wawrinka said. "He is just telling me small things that make a big difference."', u"Norman helped improve some aspects of Wawrinka's game, such as his forehand. His one-handed backhand, as pure as any stroke in the sport, was just fine.", u'The partnership paid dividends. Wawrinka reached his first major semifinal at the 2013 ', u', and won his first Grand Slam title at the 2014 Australian Open.', u'Then Wawrinka showed up at the 2014 French Open and lost in the first round.', u'"We had a burger at McDonald\'s," Norman recalled.', u"This time, they stuck around for the entire tournament, then feted Wawrinka's triumph Sunday night with a low-key dinner and drinks at his hotel with family and friends.", u'"I did not feel capable of winning Roland Garros," Wawrinka said. "Now that I\'ve done it, I can say that I\'m capable of doing it."', u'Yes, actuality does prove possibility.', u'Still, the day after, it all seemed a bit surreal to the guy known as "Stan the Man."', u"He will relax a little at home before heading to the Queen's Club grass-court tournament. Wimbledon begins June 29.", u'"That\'s the good thing and bad thing in tennis. The good thing is, like, when you lose, you already have a chance the next week to focus and to have a chance to win," Wawrinka said. "But when you win, you don\'t have too much time to enjoy it, because you need to be ready for the next one."', u'Whatever happens at the next one, and those after that, he is now, and forever will be, the winner of multiple Grand Slam titles.', u'"It\'s strange to say, and to see, that I\'m there," Wawrinka said. "It\'s a strange feeling, but it\'s a great feeling."', u'___', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Samuel Petrequin contributed to this report.']), ([u'Pistorius to Be Released on Parole on Aug 21'], [u'JOHANNESBURG \u2014  South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will be released on parole on Aug. 21 after serving 10 months of a five-year sentence for culpable homicide of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, authorities said.', u'The Olympic and ', u' track star is behind bars in the capital, Pretoria, after being convicted in October after a seven-month trial.', u'The release of Pistorius, whose lower legs were amputated when he was a baby, had been largely expected under South African sentencing guidelines that say non-dangerous prisoners should spend only one-sixth of a custodial sentence behind bars.', u'A prison service statement said Pistorius would spend the remainder of his time under "correctional supervision", a form of house arrest.', u"Steenkamp, a 29-year-old law graduate and model, died on Valentine's Day in 2013 when Pistorius shot her through a locked toilet door at his luxury Pretoria home.", u"Prosecutors had pushed for a murder conviction, but the athlete maintained he fired in the mistaken belief an intruder was hiding behind the door, a defense that struck home with many in a country with one of the world's highest rates of violent crime.", u'The state won its bid to appeal the culpable homicide conviction and will seek a murder conviction when the case is heard in November.', u'Pistorius could face a prison sentence of at least 15 years if convicted of murder.', u'(Reporting by Peroshni Govender and Ed Cropley; Editing by James Macharia and Andrew Roche)']), ([u'Bent Joins Derby After Leaving Villa'], [u"(Reuters) - Aston Villa's record signing Darren Bent, released on a free transfer after four years, has signed for Derby County.", u"The 31-year-old spent the last four months of the season on loan at the Championship club, who missed out on a place in the promotion playoffs after finishing the campaign badly despite Bent's 12 goals in 17 appearances.", u'"Darren Bent is a proven goal-scorer and that was something he proved during his loan spell with the club last season," Derby\'s new head coach, Paul Clement, who has moved back to England from Real Madrid, told the club website (', u').', u'"He is going to be key in our plans to move forward."', u'The former England striker cost 18 million pounds ($27.43 million) when he joined Villa from Sunderland in January 2011.', u'Bent netted on his debut and finished as joint top scorer that season but from 2013 played much less frequently.', u'He spent most of the last two campaigns on loan at Fulham, Brighton & Hove Albion and then Derby, who have also announced the signing of Ireland international defender Alex Pearce from Reading.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Luis Enrique Will Stay, Says Barcelona President'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has insisted Luis Enrique will stay on next season despite the coach refusing to commit to the club after wrapping up a treble of titles on Saturday.', u"Barca's 3-1 victory over Juventus in the Champions League final meant they became the first team to win their domestic league and Cup and Europe's elite club competition in the same season on two occasions, repeating their feat from 2009.", u'Luis Enrique is coming to the end of the first year of a two-year contract but was clearly unhappy with the sacking of sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta, the man who appointed him, in January.', u"He fended off several questions about his future at a news conference after Saturday's final, saying he was only focused on celebrating the treble.", u'The uncertainty has been amplified by a looming presidential election and a new chief in place of Bartomeu might want to bring in his own man.', u'Bartomeu told Spanish radio on Monday he would offer Luis Enrique a contract extension if re-elected.', u'"There is no need to suffer, Luis Enrique will continue," Bartomeu said.', u'"His season has been 10 out of 10 and there is no reason to break the contract," he added.', u'Barca celebrated their magnificent season with an open top bus tour through the Catalan capital on Sunday, culminating in a spectacular party with fans at their giant Nou Camp arena.', u"They also announced the signing, pending a medical, of Sevilla midfielder Aleix Vidal, who has impressed for the Europa League winners this term and last month earned a first call-up to Vicente del Bosque's Spain squad.", u'(Writing by Iain Rogers, editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u"It's Official-Germany Named 'Die Mannschaft'"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Germany on Monday launched their new logo, including the use of term 'die Mannschaft', in an effort to increase international branding of the hugely popular World Cup winners.", u"Known in many countries by this term, meaning 'team' in German, the country wants to reinforce it with a reference on their equipment and a new logo which includes a fourth star for their fourth World Cup win last year.", u'"There were many names but none that expressed as well all the things the team stands for," team manager Oliver Bierhoff told reporters.', u'"Creativity, strength, respect, fair play as well as unity and solidarity."', u"He said while other countries had long branded their national teams with names used by fans throughout the world, like Italy's Azzurri, Brazil's Selecao and France's Les Bleus, Germany had not done so until now.", u'The German federation also used the term as the title of its official World Cup movie released last year.', u'(Reporting by Karolos Grohmann, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Wawrinka Climbs to World Number Four, Nadal Down to 10'], [u'LONDON \u2014  ', u' champion Stan Wawrinka has moved up five places to number four in the official ATP world rankings released on Monday.', u"But Spain's Rafa Nadal, beaten in the quarter-finals, has dropped to 10th, his lowest position for 10 years.", u'Wawrinka described his four-set victory in the Paris final over world number one Novak Djokovic as "the match of my life".', u'It enabled the 30-year-old Swiss to shoot up from number nine, while Nadal tumbled the other way after going out at the quarter-final stage to Djokovic in a tournament he has won nine times.', u"Maria Sharapova dropped two places in the WTA rankings to number four following her fourth-round defeat at Roland Garros, with the Czech Republic's Petra Kvitova replacing her at number two ahead of Simona Halep.", u"Kvitova's compatriot Lucie Safarova, the runner-up in Paris to number one Serena Williams, rose six places to a career-best seventh.", u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Neck Injury Casts Shadow on Vermeulen's World Cup Prospects"], [u"CAPE TOWN \u2014  A neck injury jeopardises Duane Vermeulen's participation in the rest of the Super Rugby season and casts a shadow on his World Cup prospects with a visit to a neuro surgeon this week keenly awaited by officials and supporters.", u"The Springbok number eight, who in February was named South Africa's Player of the Year, suffered a neck spasm in training on Friday and had to withdraw from the Stormers line-up ahead of the weekend\u2019s Super Rugby clash against the Lions in Cape Town.", u'Stormers doctor Jason Suter said Vermeulen was suffering from a disc bulging onto a nerve root, causing an intense spasm, and could require an operation, followed by a long period of rehabilitation.    But further examination by a surgeon this week could also suggest rest only, making Vermeulen available for the Stormers\u2019 participation in the Super Rugby play-offs later this month, Suter added.     A draw with the Lions on Saturday ensured the Stormers finished top of the South African Conference in this year\u2019s competition.', u'The World Cup, being played in England and Wales, starts in September.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson; Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'Palestine to Switch Home World Cup Qualifier to Saudi'], [u'GAZA \u2014  ', u' have given up home advantage for Thursday\'s World Cup qualifier against Saudi Arabia after the oil-rich kingdom cited "exceptional conditions" for their inability to travel to the West Bank.', u'The Group A match, the first for both teams in the second round of joint World Cup and Asian Cup qualifying, was scheduled to be played at Faisal Al-Husseini International Stadium but will now take place in Jeddah.', u'The Saudi team would have needed to travel through checkpoints operated by Israel, a country it holds no diplomatic ties with, to play the fixture in Palestine.', u'"Saudi Arabia requested the Palestinian FA to move the match to Saudi Arabia," Tayseer Nasrallah, spokesman of the Palestinian Football Association and a board member told Reuters by telephone from Ramallah.', u'"The Saudis said they had some exceptional conditions and they would not be able to visit Palestine at this time."', u'Nasrallah said they had told the Saudis they wanted the return match, scheduled to be played in October in Jeddah, to be switched to Palestine in return for accommodating the late request.', u'"In light of the discussion we have agreed to play the first match... in Saudi Arabia on condition that the return match will be played in Palestine on Oct. 3, the agreement was reached upon this understanding.', u'"We have stressed to our Arab brothers the importance that they support Palestine\'s right to host matches."', u'Palestine hosted matches against Afghanistan and Thailand at the Faisal Al-Husseini stadium in 2011 in their failed bid to qualify for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil but usually play matches away.', u'Last month, Palestine dropped its motion to world governing body FIFA to have Israel suspended for violating rules relating to racism and the free movement of players.', u'In return, FIFA agreed to send observers to monitor the freedom of players and officials to travel to and from the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories.', u'Nasrallah said the Palestinian team would leave on Monday for Jordan en route to Saudi Arabia, adding they would have to pick up the bill for all expenses.', u'Palestine will travel to Kuala Lumpur to play Malaysia on June 16 before they host United Arab Emirates in September.', u'Like Saudi Arabia, Malaysia and the UAE have no diplomatic relations with Israel. East Timor are the other team in Group A', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"'Amateur' Outburst Exposes Alonso's Frustration at McLaren"], [u'Fernando Alonso knew when he re-signed for McLaren that it would take time and a lot of hard work to get the British team back atop the Formula One standings.', u'He might not have thought it would be quite this tough.', u'After seven races of his first season back at McLaren, Alonso is yet to win a point and has retired from the last three races \u2014 an unprecedented streak in his 14-year career in F1.', u"The two-time world champion's frustration came out during the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday, when he was asked repeatedly by his engineers over the radio to save fuel as he fought to hold his position against faster cars.", u'"I don\'t want, I don\'t want," Alonso replied. "Already I have big problems now. Driving with these and looking like amateurs."', u"Alonso ended up being the first driver to withdraw from the race, in the 46th lap after complaining he'd lost power.", u'McLaren joined forces with Honda engines for this season \u2014 restoring a combination that ruled F1 between 1988-92 \u2014 and signed Alonso to drive alongside Jenson Button in a partnership that contained 500 grand prix races worth of experience.', u'"Let the legend return," Alonso said in December when his signing was announced.', u"So far, though, it's a case of new era, same old story.", u"McLaren remains a long way behind its rivals. Button has just four points this season, and also retired in Canada 16 laps before the finish. Button didn't even get onto the track in qualifying.", u'"We have a mountain to climb, but it looks like a very high mountain," Eric Boullier, racing director at McLaren, said, adding that Honda needed time to develop its engine to compete with the likes of No. 1 team Mercedes.', u'"There was a reason to move to Honda and we are happy with the move, even if it is frustrating now."', u"Alonso is enduring a miserable season, which started with him missing the opening race in Australia on medical advice after crashing in testing in February. He hasn't finished four of the six races he has contested.", u'The Spaniard is calling for patience.', u'"I know from the outside, they all want to crush us," Alonso said. "We are going through a bad streak and we can\'t do anything else but continue working.', u'I believe in this project. All the program of developing the car is quite positive. I know it is difficult for the fans, but they need to be patient and they need to believe because something good is coming."', u"The McLaren-Honda partnership brought the team eight titles (drivers and constructors) and 44 victories in 80 races between 1988 and '92."]), ([u'Nadal 10th in Rankings; French Open Champ Wawrinka to No. 4'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Nine-time ', u" champion Rafael Nadal's loss in the quarterfinals dropped him three places to No. 10 in Monday's ATP rankings, his lowest spot since April 2005, while champion Stan Wawrinka rose from No. 9 to No. 4.", u'Novak Djokovic maintained a healthy lead at No. 1, despite losing to Wawrinka on Sunday in the final at Roland Garros. That prevented Djokovic from completing a career Grand Slam.', u"It was Djokovic who beat Nadal this year, ending the Spaniard's 39-match French Open winning streak.", u"Wawrinka's 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 victory in the final \u2014 a year after he lost in the first round in Paris \u2014 gave him a second major title. He also won the 2014 Australian Open.", u'No. 2 Roger Federer, No. 3 Andy Murray and No. 5 Kei Nishikori did not move in the rankings.', u"Serena Williams' third French Open championship and 20th Grand Slam title overall increased her margin at No. 1 in the WTA rankings.", u'Lucie Safarova, the runner-up in Paris, moved from No. 13 to a career-best No. 7 after reaching her first Grand Slam final. Timea Bacsinszky, who pushed an ailing Williams to three sets in the semifinals, climbed nine spots to No. 15, her top ranking.', u'Maria Sharapova fell from No. 2 to No. 4 after losing to Safarova in the fourth round as the defending champion.', u'Petra Kvitova went up two places to No. 2, while Simona Halep remained at No. 3, and Caroline Wozniacki at No. 5.']), ([u"Wawrinka Bursts Big Four's Bubble With Backhand Bullets"], [u"PARIS \u2014  Stan Wawrinka and his wondrous one-handed backhand managed to pull off a feat no man outside tennis's Big Four had achieved in the past 40 grand slams -- to win two major titles.", u'It has been 10 long years since anyone not named Roger Federer, Rafa Nadal, Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray had been able to boast of being anything other than a one-hit wonder.', u"Even the one-hit wonders have been a rare commodity, with only Juan Martin del Potro, Wawrinka and Marin Cilic bursting the Big Four's bubble from May 2005 to May 2015.", u'On Sunday, Wawrinka finally broke rank as he added the ', u' trophy to a collection that already includes a Norman Brookes Cup from the 2014 Australian Open.', u'So how did he pull off the impossible -- and that too by toppling overwhelming favorite and world number one Djokovic in the final?', u'"I was relaxed on my backhand side and I could hit some wonderful backhands," Wawrinka summed up simply.', u'It was a shot that left others purring.', u'"Wow! Just wow! I wanna play like that!" women\'s champion Serena Williams exclaimed on twitter while former professional-turned-coach Ivan Ljubicic added "Holly Swiss cow. That was something #bullets."', u'But no one had a better view of the backhand bullets than the man on the opposite side of the net on Sunday.', u'"He has probably the best one\u2011handed backhand on the tour.  No question one of the best one\u2011handed backhands that I have seen in tennis," Djokovic said after Wawrinka crushed his dream of completing the career grand slam.', u'"Very powerful and can create a lot of spin, a lot of rotation on the ball. He can hit it flat down the line. He can block the ball very well. He has a short slice, long slice. He has a lot of variety from that part of his baseline game."', u'The most spectacular of those eye-popping shots was unleashed towards the end of the third set, with Wawrinka curling a backhand down the line around the netpost to polish off one of the 60 winners he produced on Sunday.', u'So does Wawrinka think he can now bully his way to more major titles and herald the disbanding of the Big Four?', u'"I\'m not as strong as the Big 4. They are winning everything," said the Swiss, who overcame the world\'s top two players to triumph in Paris as he also beat fellow Swiss Federer in the quarters.', u'"But I\'m strong enough to win some big title sometimes during the years.', u'"I\'m not as good as the Big 4. But I\'m quite good enough to win two grand slam tournaments. I can beat them in major tournaments, in a semi-final, in a final. But once again, the Big 4 will always be the Big 4."', u'As far as Federer was concerned though, there was only word needed to describe Wawrinka on Sunday: "CHAMP".', u'(Editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'What We Learned About Stan Wawrinka, Others at French Open'], [u"PARIS \u2014  Stan Wawrinka's ", u" title brings back the old debate about who deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as the elite in men's tennis.", u'For years, Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal were alone at the top. Then Novak Djokovic elbowed his way into the conversation. Soon enough, so did Andy Murray, forming what came to be known as the "Big 4."', u'Now along comes Wawrinka, who surprised many by beating Djokovic 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 on Sunday. It gave the eighth-seeded Wawrinka his first championship at Roland Garros, and second at a major tournament.', u"He's still way behind Federer (17 Grand Slam trophies), Nadal (14) and Djokovic (eight), of course. But he did pull even with Murray at two, and it's also worthwhile to note the players Wawrinka beat to get his.", u"It had been 21 years since someone eliminated the top two seeded men en route to a Grand Slam title until the 2014 Australian Open, where Wawrinka got past No. 2 Djokovic in the quarterfinals and No. 1 Nadal in the final. Now Wawrinka has pulled that off twice in less than 18 months, because he did it again in Paris, beating No. 2 Federer in the quarterfinals before ending No. 1 Djokovic's 28-match winning streak in the final.", u'"I\'m still convinced that I\'m not as good as they are, because it\'s been 10 years that they have been around, and they have won everything. But I\'m good enough to win two Grand Slam tournaments and to beat them at major tournaments," Wawrinka said Sunday night.', u'"In any case, the \'Big 4\' will always be the \'Big 4,\'" he added. "Do I want to compare myself with them? No. I just want to move forward, to improve and to beat them when I face them."', u'He was 0-12 against Nadal until the breakthrough in Melbourne. He was 2-16 against Federer until Tuesday. And he was 2-15 against Djokovic until taking two of their past four meetings.', u'Maybe Wawrinka, now 30, is simply getting better with age.', u'"Stan has been working hard for years. And he is always trying to improve," said Severin Luthi, who has spent plenty of time around Wawrinka and Federer as Switzerland\'s Davis Cup captain. "This is a quality he shares with the best players, including Djokovic, Nadal or Roger."', u"The next challenge for Wawrinka is Wimbledon, the only major where he's never been past the quarterfinals.", u'Play begins at the All England Club on June 29, one week later than usual, providing more time for the transition from clay to grass.', u'Here is what we learned during the 2015 French Open:', u"DJOKOVIC'S CAREER SLAM", u"Djokovic is ranked No. 1 by a large margin. He is 41-3 with a tour-high five titles this season. He's the defending champion at Wimbledon. Still, one can't help but think Sunday's defeat will stick with him for a while. It was the third time in the last four years that he lost in the final in Paris. In 2012 and 2014, he was beaten by nine-time champion Nadal. This year, he finally beat Nadal for the first time in seven tries at Roland Garros, but it was in the quarterfinals. Much like Nadal has said in the past, Wawrinka declared that he's sure Djokovic will one day win the French Open. His resolve is not likely to diminish.", u'FEDERER AND NADAL', u"Nadal's 39-match French Open winning streak is over. Federer's loss to Wawrinka was his third exit in a row before the semifinals in Paris. So are the owners of a combined 31 Grand Slam titles done chasing more? Doubtful, even if Federer is 33 and coming up on exactly three years since his last major trophy. Nadal, who turned 29 the day he lost to Djokovic, has won only one major title away from Roland Garros since the end of 2010.", u'SERENA SLAM', u'With Djokovic falling short of becoming the first man since 1992 to win the Australian Open and French Open back-to-back, only one singles player still can chase a calendar-year Grand Slam: Serena Williams. Her third French Open title raised her career total to 20 majors, including three in a row. Not since Jennifer Capriati in 2001 had a woman done the Australian-French double, and now Williams can aim at becoming the first since Steffi Graf in 1988 \u2014 and fourth ever \u2014 to win all four Grand Slam tournaments in one season.', u'___']), ([u'Liverpool Confirm Deal to Sign Ings'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Liverpool have agreed a deal to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings, the Premier League club announced on Monday.', u'"Liverpool FC are delighted to announce that they have agreed personal terms with Danny Ings and, subject to a medical, the striker will join the club on July 1 after his contract with Burnley has expired," the club said on their website (', u').', u'Burnley confirmed the agreement on their website (', u") but said they had rejected Liverpool's proposed fee.", u'Although Ings will be out of contract, Burnley are entitled to compensation for the 23 year-old, who joined them from Bournemouth four years ago.', u'If the clubs cannot agree on a fee, it will be set by a Premier League tribunal.', u"Ings becomes Liverpool's second major signing since the end of the season, after England international James Milner joined from Manchester City.", u"Manager Brendan Rodgers hopes Ings will boost the club's", u'goalscoring prowess after a disappointing campaign in which their tally dropped to 52 from 101 the previous season.', u'Ings scored 11 goals in the Premier League last season as Burnley finished 19th and were relegated.', u'He was their only player to score in the last nine games.', u'The previous season he netted 21 times as the club won promotion from the Championship.', u'He has played nine times for the England under-21 team and is due to play in the European under-21 Championship in the Czech Republic later this month.', u'(Reporting by Steve Tongue; editing by Amlan Chakraborty)']), ([u'After Game 2 Win in NBA Finals, LeBron Looks Forward to Home'], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  LeBron James is headed back home to Ohio. And if that seemed like a big deal last July, he can't wait to hear how it sounds in June.", u'Shortly after helping Cleveland pull out a 95-93 overtime victory over Golden State on Sunday night in Game 2 of the NBA Finals with 39 points, 16 rebounds and 11 assists, James challenged the fans in Cleveland to be as noisy as the ones at Oracle Arena.', u'"I\'ve heard our fans pretty loud before," he said. "A couple instances my first postseason appearance was really loud, and me coming home against the Knicks at the start of the season was pretty good. But I know we can be much, much louder than any fan base in this league. I know they\'re getting ready, and I can\'t wait to see them."', u"That comes Tuesday in Game 3, with the series tied at one game apiece. The only thing certain so far is that 48 minutes may not be enough. The first two games both went to overtime, the first time that's happened in the NBA Finals.", u'Some things to watch as the series shifts to Quicken Loans Arena:', u"LEBRON'S LEGS: James played 50 minutes in Game 2 on the heels of 46 minutes in Game 1. He said he was feeling the effects after Game 2 but that he and his trainer would work on treatments throughout the off day.", u'"We already have started on my rehab. Already started on my session," he said. "I will get rehab on the plane. We\'ve got a five-hour flight back home, and we\'ve got all-around-the-clock treatment tomorrow and get ready for Game 3. I\'ll be ready."', u"CURRY'S CONFIDENCE: Stephen Curry shot just 5 for 23 in Game 2, going 2 of 15 from 3-point range. The NBA's MVP said the Warriors haven't been in a good rhythm but still believed they would win the series.", u'That might depend on his performance.', u'"I don\'t expect to shoot like this," he said. "I\'ve got to play better, find better shots and be more in a rhythm throughout the course of the game for us to really assert ourselves as a team."', u'SLOW AND STEADY: Neither team shot 40 percent in Game 2, and the only reason both reached 100 points in Game 1 was because they went to overtime. Not surprising, since both have been among the top defensive teams in the playoffs.', u'"This is what we expected," Warriors coach Steve Kerr said.', u'"Great defensive teams. Both teams I thought defended like crazy out there. It was a grind-out, kind of old-school game. That\'s the style that it\'s going to be when you get this deep in the playoffs. It\'s rarely a track meet."', u"DELLY'S D: Curry struggled against the tough defense of Matthew Dellavedova, who moved into the starting lineup after Kyrie Irving fractured his left kneecap. Curry missed all eight shots when defended in the halfcourt by Dellavedova, according to ESPN.", u'"I mean, I don\'t think anyone can really stop Steph Curry," Dellavedova said. "He can get his shot off pretty much whenever he wants and can get hot in a second. So we\'ll watch the tape and see what we need to do for Game 3."', u"ALIVE AND WELL: The Cavaliers say they aren't concerned with what's being said, but they are aware they were being given little chance to win the series after Irving's injury.", u'"We don\'t worry about the media writing us off," guard Iman Shumpert said. "Everything is about winning. We\'re not here to be part of anybody\'s story. We\'re here to win."', u'___']), ([u"It's Here: US Gets World Cup Underway Against Australia"], [u"WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  Heather O'Reilly guesses she was about 14 when the United States last won a World Cup.", u'She remembers going to a match in New Jersey and seeing her heroes play in person, then gathering in front of the TV with her family to watch the dramatic final at the Rose Bowl. The United States defeated China on penalty kicks, prompting Brandi Chastain to famously doff her jersey in celebration.', u"O'Reilly was hooked.", u'"I was a big dreamer as a kid," she said. "I was at Giants Stadium and I got teary-eyed when the women marched out to the national anthem. And I did say to myself, \'I want to be there some day. I want to be like Mia Hamm one day.\'"', u"Now the veteran midfielder is about to play in her third World Cup. She'd like nothing more than to help the United States claim its third championship, and first since that sunny day in Southern California 16 years ago.", u"The United States kicks off the tournament on Monday with a match against Australia at Winnipeg Stadium. The Americans have competed at every World Cup since the women's tournament started in 1991.", u'The last time, in 2011 in Germany, the United States advanced to the final but fell to Japan on penalty kicks.', u"O'Reilly says that loss drives the team now.", u'"We were in the finals, and that\'s a lot to be proud of, but we feel like there\'s still a lot of unfinished business. Christie Rampone is the only one of us who has a World Cup championship under her belt. So there\'s a lot of eager and determined women here that want to bring this home."', u'In addition to the Australians, the U.S. team is part of a difficult group that includes Sweden and Nigeria. Those two teams open group play in the early match on Monday at Winnipeg Stadium.', u'An expanded field of 24 teams is competing in the monthlong tournament being played in six Canadian cities. It concludes on July 5 with the championship match in Vancouver, British Columbia.', u"The event is being played as a scandal rocks soccer's international governing body. FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation last week after the U.S. Department of Justice indicted 14 people on corruption charges related to soccer.", u"WALTZING WITH THE MATILDAS: Australia hasn't managed to beat the United States in 25 previous meetings. Co-captain Lisa De Vanna would like to see that streak end on Monday. The match is significant for De Vanna because it's her 100th international appearance.", u'"Every game I play for the Matildas I wear my heart on my sleeve and to finally make it to 100, it\'s a big milestone," said De Vanna. "It\'s hard to focus on that when you\'ve got such a big game but it\'s a great honor and to be co-captain of this team just caps it off."', u"De Vanna, 30, is playing in her third World Cup. Australia's dangerous forward has 35 goals in 99 international appearances.", u'The Matildas are making their sixth World Cup appearance. Their best finish was sixth place in 2007.', u"OH! CANADA! Canada was still buzzing over the 1-0 victory over China in Saturday's World Cup opener, dramatically won in the final moments on captain Christine Sinclair's penalty kick in stoppage time.", u"When Ukrainian referee Natalia Rachynska called the foul on China's Rong Zhao, Canada's coach John Herman said he nearly burst into tears.", u'"It was an emotional moment for this team because we\'ve worked bloody hard, you know? This team has worked hard, they\'ve sacrificed a lot," he said. "It was always going to end the right way with Sinclair scoring in the opening game.', u'Look, we know China was going to be tough, we knew what they were going to do to us, we knew it was going to be frustrating," he added. "And when the call came, I celebrated like we just scored. Because I knew there was only one woman that was going to step up in the 90th minute and write the script, like she always does."', u'Canada faces New Zealand on Thursday in Edmonton, Alberta.', u"SUNDAY RECAP: Isabell Herlovsen scored twice in Norway's 4-0 victory over Thailand in Group B's opening match in Ottawa. The Thai women are the lowest-ranked team (No. 67) to make it into the field.", u'Top-ranked and two-time World Cup champion Germany smashed Ivory Coast 10-0 on hat tricks by both Celia Sasic and Anja Mittag. It was the second-most lopsided win in World Cup history.', u'So what was most lopsided win? Germany had that won too, an 11-0 rout of Argentina in 2011.', u"LOOKING AHEAD: The United States and Group D isn't the only World Cup action on Monday: Group C also opens play in Vancouver with defending champions Japan facing Switzerland after Cameroon plays Ecuador."]), ([u'After Hiccup in Monaco, Mercedes F1 Success Resumes'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Even as his team's strategic blunder cost him a chance at victory in Monaco, Lewis Hamilton knew that he had the fastest car.", u'Given the chance, he showed it.', u"Hamilton won the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday, leading from the pole to the checkered flag with no threat from anyone except his Mercedes teammate, Nico Rosberg. Hamilton's problems in the previous race were also internal: A late strategic blunder by his team cost him a chance at a fourth victory of the year.", u'"I wouldn\'t say it\'s a relief," Hamilton said after picking up his fourth victory of the year. "I was quickest all of the previous race weekend as well. Obviously we had the problem which enabled Nico to win the race. But, otherwise, generally I had good pace for the last two races."', u"A four-time winner on the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve and the current leader in the Formula One standings, Hamilton finished the 70 laps on Montreal's Isle Notre-Dame in 1 hour, 31 minutes, 53.145 seconds \u2014 2.285 seconds faster than Nico Rosberg in the other Silver Arrow Mercedes.", u'"Did I need this?" the reigning Formula One champion asked the cheering crowd after returning to the top of the podium for the first time since winning three of the first four races of the season.', u'"I think so," he said with a smile. "I think so."', u'Hamilton expanded his lead over Rosberg in the championship standings to 151-134. His only stumble was when he locked his brakes a few laps from the end, and other than that the main excitement was a groundhog wandering onto the track and then quickly scurrying back to safety.', u'Rosberg briefly took the lead when his teammate pitted during lap 29, but Hamilton took it right back when the German stopped to change his tires a lap later.', u'"I was pushing like mad to try to put the pressure on, but he didn\'t make any mistakes," said Rosberg, who had won the previous two races. "It was a good race. Unfortunately, I couldn\'t make it happen. But second place \u2014 still OK."', u'Valtteri Bottas was third, giving Williams its first appearance on the podium all season, thanks to a spinout by Kimi Raikkonen in the 27th lap. Despite posting the fastest lap of the day \u2014 with an average speed of 126.7 mph (203.9 kph) \u2014 the Finn finished fourth, right ahead of Ferrari teammate Sebastien Vettel.', u'The 2013 Canadian GP champion and No. 3 in the points race, Vettel started near the back of the pack after failing to make it out of the first qualifying session. He was pushed to 18th on the starting grid because of a five-position penalty for passing another car with the red flag out in practice.', u'But the four-time F1 champion steadily moved up and solidified his hold on third in the standings, with 108 points.', u'Hamilton won three of the first five races this season and finished second two other times heading into the Monaco Grand Prix on May 24. He was leading there when a late crash brought out the safety car, and Mercedes called him in to change tires.', u'Rosberg and Vettel passed him, and it was too late for Hamilton to retake the lead; he finished third, gritting his teeth all the way to the podium. Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe apologized, but Hamilton insisted he was looking forward, not back.', u'On Sunday, he proved it on the track.', u'"Great to get back on the top step," Hamilton said.', u'The day was not as good for McLaren, with both cars failing to finish.', u'Jenson Button had a disastrous weekend, unable to get onto the track in qualifying and retiring 16 laps early on Sunday. Fernando Alonso was the first one out of the race, complaining that he lost power in the 44th lap.', u'After the race, Alonso tweeted to Button a picture of the order of finish upside down.', u'"Is this a bit better?" he asked his teammate. "Well, probably depends upon how you look at it."']), ([u'Trio of Hotshot Shortstops Could Lead Off Baseball Draft'], [u"SECAUCUS, N.J. \u2014  Shortstop is the hot spot in this year's Major League Baseball draft.", u"Vanderbilt's Dansby Swanson, Florida high school star Brendan Rodgers and LSU's Alex Bregman are contenders to go No. 1 overall to the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night. All three are expected to be selected within the top five picks \u2014 if not the first three \u2014 so they won't have to wait long to hear their names announced by new Commissioner Rob Manfred at the draft's site at MLB Network's studios.", u"Swanson and Bregman are both finalists for the Golden Spikes Award, given to college baseball's top player, while Rodgers has been tabbed as the best high school hitter available \u2014 and, by some, the top overall prospect in the draft.", u'The Diamondbacks are picking No. 1 overall for the first time since 2005, when they took then-shortstop Justin Upton, who developed into an All-Star outfielder. Illinois fireballing left-hander Tyler Jay, righty Carson Fulmer of Vanderbilt and Georgia high school catcher Tyler Stephenson are also in the mix for the top pick, but the Diamondbacks could swing for some draft history.', u"Swanson or Bregman could become the first college shortstop to go first since Brown University's Bill Almon in 1974. Only once have the first two picks been shortstops: 1982, when Shawon Dunston (Cubs) and Augie Schmidt (Blue Jays) led off the draft.", u'Here are some other things to know about the draft, which is celebrating its 50th anniversary:', u'WHEN? WHERE?: Starts Monday at 7 p.m. EDT and continues for 40 rounds over three days, with the first two rounds broadcast live from MLB Network. Rounds 3-10 will be held Tuesday and rounds 11-40 Wednesday \u2014 both days via team conference calls. Teams pick in reverse order of finish from the overall standings from last season. Also, trades are not allowed, as is common in other sports.', u"GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY: Major League Baseball's first June draft occurred in 1965, when the Kansas City Athletics selected Arizona State outfielder Rick Monday with the No. 1 pick. Johnny Bench, Nolan Ryan, Graig Nettles, Sal Bando, Gene Tenace, Joe Coleman and Tom Seaver (who didn't sign) were among the big-name players taken that year. The draft has evolved immensely since those days, when many players found out who selected them by telegram. While it lacks the hype of the NFL and NBA drafts, baseball's version has become increasingly popular by broadcasting the first few rounds live since 2007.", u"MANFRED'S DEBUT: This year's event marks the first for the new commissioner, who took over for the retired Bud Selig in January. Manfred will take the stage to announce the names of each of the team's first-round draft picks, and will shake hands and pose for pictures with the players in attendance.", u'SHOWING UP: Four prospects are expected to be at the draft site, including Rodgers, Pennsylvania high school right-hander Mike Nikorak, Indiana high school righty Ashe Russell and New York high school outfielder Garrett Whitley. All four are expected to be first-rounders.', u"WHO ELSE IS THERE? Each of baseball's 30 teams has a former player and/or current member of its front office representing them at the draft. Among those scheduled to attend are Hall of Famers Andre Dawson (Marlins), Reggie Jackson (Yankees), Tommy Lasorda (Dodgers), Mike Schmidt (Phillies) and Tony Perez (Marlins). Ken Griffey Jr., the No. 1 overall pick in 1987, and B.J. Surhoff, the top selection in 1985, are also among those expected to attend.", u'TOP PROSPECTS: In addition to the three shortstops and Jay, Fulmer and Stephenson, other players likely to be selected early include: Georgia high school outfielder Daz Cameron, son of former All-Star Mike Cameron; Florida high school outfielder Kyle Tucker, brother of Astros outfielder Preston Tucker; Arkansas outfielder Andrew Benintendi; Missouri State righty Jon Harris; and UC Santa Barbara right-hander Dillon Tate.', u'DANDY VANDY: With Swanson, Fulmer and right-hander Walker Buehler all expected to be picked early, Vanderbilt could join Rice as the only college to have three players taken in the first half of the draft. Rice had pitchers Philip Humber, Jeff Niemann and Wade Townsend selected in the first eight picks in 2004. Either way, the defending College World Series champion Commodores will likely become just the fifth college program to have three players chosen in the opening round.', u'ACTIVE ASTROS: Houston, which had the No. 1 pick in the last three drafts, has the second overall selection this year as compensation for not being able to sign pitcher Brady Aiken last year. Aiken has re-entered the draft, but is coming off Tommy John surgery. The Astros will also have the No. 5 overall pick, making them the first team in draft history to pick twice in the first five spots']), ([u'What to Watch For in Game 3 of Stanley Cup Final'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  The Stanley Cup Final is back in Chicago. And it brought along all sorts of questions.', u'It is unclear who will start in goal for the Tampa Bay Lightning in Game 3 on Monday night. The Blackhawks could make a couple of changes to their lines and defensive pairings after a 4-3 loss on Saturday night left the best-of-seven series tied at a game apiece.', u'"The games are on the line from start to finish," Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said Sunday. "I think there\'s a lot of respect from our team what Tampa Bay is able to do, the quality of their team. They got some depth. We got to know going forward we got to be better than we were in the first two games."', u'So far, it has been a lot of fun. Chicago rallied for a 2-1 victory in the opener on Wednesday night, with Teuvo Teravainen collecting a goal and an assist during an impressive third period. But the teams were just warming up for Game 2, when they combined for four goals in the second and Tampa Bay used a power-play score from Jason Garrison in the third to earn a crucial victory.', u'"There was a lot of up-and-down action," Lightning defenseman Braydon Coburn said, describing the frenetic play Saturday night. "Everything happened quick out there as opposed to some other series and some other games. I thought that might have been one of the fastest ones we played so far in the playoffs. Both teams back and forth. Guys making plays quickly with the puck, just the pace up and down the ice."', u'With the series shifting to the United Center for Game 3, here are a couple areas to watch Monday night:', u'BETWEEN THE PIPES: Lightning goaltender Ben Bishop left midway through the third period of Game 2. He returned for a brief stretch and then departed for good. Andrei Vasilevskiy made five saves to help close out the win.', u'There has been no word from the Lightning on why Bishop departed. Coach Jon Cooper said he could be available for Game 3.', u'"You\'ll have a better indication, I guess, tomorrow at the skate," Cooper said. "Although our morning skates are all optional anyway. Bish, notoriously he goes on sometimes during them and sometimes he doesn\'t. I\'m sure you\'ll get a clue then tomorrow."', u"SHAKING IT UP: Forward Bryan Bickell and defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk could be inserted into the Blackhawks' lineup.", u"Bickell was hurt in Game 7 of the Western Conference finals. The Blackhawks haven't disclosed the nature of Bickell's injury, but the rugged forward said he passed the league's concussion tests.", u'Van Riemsdyk is coming back from surgeries on his left knee and right wrist. The rookie has not played for the Blackhawks since Nov. 16.', u'MISSING STARS: Captains Jonathan Toews of the Blackhawks and Steven Stamkos of the Lightning have been shut down so far this series. It is the same story for Blackhawks winger Patrick Kane, who failed to register a shot on goal in Game 2.', u'"I think both teams have some very skilled players that the other team is paying close attention to," Stamkos said. "That\'s when you get into secondary scoring. You saw it in Game 1 for them. You saw it in Game 2 for us. That might be a trend going forward."', u'HOME AND AWAY: The Blackhawks, who are going for their third Stanley Cup title in the last six seasons, are 26-5 in their last 31 home playoff games, including a 7-1 record this year. But the Lightning have won seven of their 10 road playoff games, including three victories at Madison Square Garden in the Eastern Conference finals against the Rangers.', u'"I think our fans will be excited to get back," Toews said. "This is where they\'ve wanted to be all year. You see those signs, \'Bring back the Cup.\' Everyone has been waiting for this moment."', u'CLOSE, VERY CLOSE: Seven of the last nine games between the Lightning and Blackhawks have been decided by one goal.', u'___']), ([u'LEADING OFF: Diamondbacks Pick 1st in Draft, Astros Sliding'], [u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today:", u'___', u'ON THE CLOCK', u"The Arizona Diamondbacks have the first pick in the amateur draft, which begins at 7 p.m. EDT from MLB Network studios in Secaucus, New Jersey. It's the 50th anniversary of the initial draft in 1965 \u2014 and the first for new Commissioner Rob Manfred. This year's class is deep at shortstop, with LSU's Alex Bregman, Vanderbilt's Dansby Swanson and Florida high schooler Brendan Rodgers among the top prospects.", u'HOMECOMING', u'Padres outfielders Justin and Melvin Upton Jr. and closer Craig Kimbrel return to Turner Field for the first time since being traded from Atlanta to San Diego before the season. Kimbrel needs one save to become the youngest player in big league history to reach 200, having piled up 186 with the Braves.', u'SLIDING', u'The AL West-leading Astros have lost a season-high four in a row as they visit the Chicago White Sox. At 20, Houston shortstop Carlos Correa is set to make his major league debut after being the top overall draft pick in 2012.', u'NICE TIMING', u'Chris Colabello has a 17-game hitting streak for Toronto, the longest active string in the majors. He extended it with a two-run single in the bottom of the ninth inning that beat Houston on Sunday.', u'TAGGED', u"Royals outfielder Alex Rios is 13 for 27 with four doubles and a home run lifetime against Phil Hughes, the Twins' starter in the series opener.", u'STARTING UP', u"Pirates veteran A.J. Burnett has won six starts in a row. He'll face the Brewers, and is 2-6 in 11 career starts against them."]), ([u"Lingmerth Doesn't Crack and Wins the Memorial"], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  David Lingmerth stood over a short par putt on the third playoff hole at the Memorial and finally knew exactly what it meant.', u'An hour earlier, he looked like a winner when he signed for a 3-under 69 and watched on TV as Justin Rose hit a shank out of a bunker that plunked a spectator in the head and left him 55 yards short of the pin in a nasty lie. Rose needed to make par or Lingmerth would win.', u'"I saw where his second shot ended up and I thought, \'You know what? That could be a hard up-and-down.\' But he hit a beautiful chip shot in there," Lingmerth said.', u'On the first playoff hole, Rose chipped out of deep rough behind the green to 20 feet, leaving a difficult putt that swung hard to the left. Lingmerth had 10 feet for par and figured that would be for the win.', u'"And then he drops it in ... and this big, huge roar," Lingmerth said of Rose\'s putt. "Crazy feeling."', u'He calmed himself and made the biggest putt of his career just to stay alive.', u'Rose finally made one mistake too many \u2014 a drive on No. 10 into the right rough, a fairway metal into the gallery on the left, a chip down the slope some 18 feet by the hole and he still had just under 5 feet for bogey when Lingmerth settled over the winning putt.', u"Make it and he's a PGA Tour winner for the first time.", u'"I can\'t believe it," Lingmerth said after it dropped for par and he gave a soft fist pump, more emotion than he had shown amid all the pressure of Sunday. "I\'m so happy right now I don\'t know where to go."', u'The first stop was a handshake with tournament host Jack Nicklaus. He goes to the Masters next April for the first time. He has a three-year exemption on the PGA Tour.', u'And it only got better.', u"Sunday was his father's birthday (and his parents' anniversary), and Lingmerth's wife used FaceTime so Thomas Lingmerth could watch the press conference of his son sitting next to a crystal trophy as Nicklaus raved about the performance.", u"And when it was over, Lingmerth handed the phone to Nicklaus, who spoke to the Swede's father and wished him a happy birthday.", u'It was the biggest smile Lingmerth showed all day.', u"His first PGA Tour victory didn't come easily.", u'Rose began the final round with a three-shot lead and was going for his eighth victory over the last five years. That was gone in four holes, and Rose had to scramble just to get back into the hunt, and made that par save from deep rough for a 72 to force a playoff.', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth chipped in twice \u2014 for birdie and for eagle \u2014 in his closing round of 65 to reach 13-under 275, and he hung around for two hours to see if it would be good enough for a playoff. It took a long time to get his answer.', u'Francesco Molinari of Italy reached 15 under with an 18-foot birdie putt on the 14th hole, where Rose made bogey from a bunker. Lingmerth joined him in the group ahead with a birdie on the 15th. Rose made birdie on the 15th for a three-way tie.', u'Lingmerth finished with three pars and was the first to post at 273. Molinari dropped out with an 8-iron that failed to clear the water on the par-3 16th, leading to double bogey. Rose had such a wild Sunday that he had six pars, six bogeys and six birdies on his card.', u'The winning putt for Lingmerth came on No. 10. The most important putt was on No. 18, the 10-footer he made to match the 20-foot par that Rose knocked in.', u'"He needs to look back at that putt that kept it going on the first extra hole," Rose said. "He did everything he needed to."', u'Spieth wound up in a tie for third, a good finish that gives him momentum going to the ', u'.', u'Tiger Woods showed improvement \u2014 it was hard not to after a career-worst 85 on Saturday. He shot 74 and finished last, 29 shots behind, with his worst 72-hole score (302) in his PGA Tour career.', u'"I did not win, and I wasn\'t even close," Woods said. "So hopefully in two weeks\' time, things will be a lot better and I\'ll be ready to try to win a U.S. Open."', u'The next step for Lingmerth was to try to qualify for the U.S. Open.', u'As if 21 holes were not enough, Lingmerth faced a 36-hole qualifier for the U.S. Open on Monday. He moved to No. 71 in the world, and only the top 60 are eligible after next week. The forecast was for rain. The possibility was for the qualifier to be stretched into Tuesday, if it even starts.', u'Lingmerth could use a day off to let sink in all that happened at Muirfield Village.', u'"Boy, did he play well coming down the stretch?" Nicklaus said.', u'Lingmerth smiled at words that, considering the source, were almost as valuable as the trophy.']), ([u'Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks'], [u'(Reuters) - The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 in Game Three of the Stanley Cup Final on Monday.', u'After a split of the opening two games of the best-of-seven series, Chicago looked like they would seize the advantage when Brandon Saad put them 2-1 up early in the final period.', u'However, that lead was wiped out almost immediately when Ondrej Palat equalized 13 seconds later, and with a little over three minutes left, the home crowd were stunned into silence again when Cedric Paquette tipped in a pass from Victor Hedman for the winner.', u"Tampa Bay goaltender Ben Bishop, who had to leave Saturday's Game 2 in the third period, appeared to have mobility issues at times but he kept the Lightning in the game, particularly in the first period, when the Blackhawks outshot their opponents 17-9.", u'Game Four will take place on Wednesday in Chicago.', u'(Reporting by Cameron French; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Lewis Hamilton Wins in Canada'], [u'Lewis Hamilton won the Canadian Grand Prix, his fourth win of the year and his fourth at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal.', u'Nico Rosberg, Hamilton\u2019s Mercedes teammates, was second but never threatened. Hamilton leads the ', u' standings in a quest for his second straight world championship.', u'\u25a0 Martin Truex Jr. earned his first Nascar Sprint Cup Series victory since 2013 with a win in the Axalta We Paint Winners 400 at Pocono Raceway in Long Pond, Pa.']), ([u'Report Details Hope Solo\u2019s Arrest'], [u'The United States women\u2019s team goalkeeper Hope Solo was combative with officers after her arrest last year on accusations that she assaulted her half sister and her teenage nephew, an episode in which authorities described Solo as the \u201cprimary aggressor,\u201d according to an ESPN report.', u'Solo initially faced two misdemeanor counts of domestic violence in the altercation at her half sister\u2019s house in Kirkland, Wash., last June, though those charges were dismissed on procedural grounds this year. Solo, who had pleaded not guilty, portrayed herself as a victim in interviews after the dismissal of the case.']), ([u'Suzann Pettersen Earns 15th Title at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'], [u'Suzann Pettersen of Norway birdied two of the final three holes to win the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic in Cambridge, Ontario, for her 15th tour victory and her first since October 2013.', u'Pettersen closed with a three-under-par 69 in windy conditions for a one-stroke victory over Brittany Lang at Whistle Bear Golf Club. Pettersen finished at 22-under 266.']), ([u'Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run during a three-run eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night.', u'Matt Carpenter drew a leadoff walk from reliever Adam Liberatore, and scored the tying run on a triple down the right-field line by Matt Holliday that skipped past Yasiel Puig \u2014 who was playing his second game after missing 39 because of a strained left hamstring.', u"Holliday's hit came off Juan Nicasio (1-2). Peralta, who leads St. Louis with 34 RBIs, followed with his clutch hit and scored on Mark Reynolds' one-out double to left-center.", u'Kevin Siegrist (3-0) pitched one inning for the victory. Trevor Rosenthal, the sixth Cardinals pitcher, threw a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 attempts.', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to delete incorrect reference to pinch-runner Peter Bourjos.']), ([u'Bradley Wiggins Sets Hour Record'], [u', the former ', u' winner, has broken cycling\u2019s prestigious hour record, covering 54.526 kilometers (33.88 miles) in an hour in London\u2019s Olympic Park. Wiggins smashed the record set last month by Alex Dowsett, who managed 52.937 kilometers (32.89 miles).']), ([u'Yale\u2019s Crew Tops Harvard'], [u'Yale\u2019s heavyweight crew team defeated ', u' in their 150th regatta, the nation\u2019s oldest collegiate sporting event.', u'Yale finished in 18 minutes 35.8 seconds, almost 17 seconds ahead in the annual four-mile race along Connecticut\u2019s Thames River.']), ([u'Cavs Pushed to OT but Beat Warriors in Game Two'], [u'REUTERS \u2014  The Cleveland Cavaliers let an 11-point lead slip in the fourth quarter but dug deep in overtime to beat Golden State 95-93 on Sunday and square the NBA Finals series at 1-1.', u'Matthew Dellavedova made a pair of free throws to put Cleveland ahead with 10 seconds to go in overtime and the injury-hit Cavs held on for the Game Two triumph.', u'James had scored 44 points in his team\u2019s series opening loss and again carried the offensive burden with 39 points, 16 rebounds and 11 assists for the Cavaliers, who lost All Star Kyrie Irving to a serious knee injury in Game One.', u'Irving had surgery on Saturday to repair his fractured left kneecap, a procedure described as successful by the team.', u'James said it have been a difficult time for the team.', u'\u201cVery emotional win right here with everything we\u2019ve been through,\u201d he told reporters. \u201cFor us to tough it out like this (and) be able to come back and even the series is big time.\u201d', u'Cleveland\u2019s relentless defense held Golden State to 39 percent shooting and made it a forgettable night for regular season MVP Stephen Curry.', u'Curry had just 19 points on 5-for-23 shooting but he capped the home team\u2019s comeback with a game-tying layup with eight seconds left in regulation that forced overtime.', u'Curry then put Golden State ahead 93-92 with a pair of free throws with half a minute left in the extra session but then fluffed  a potential game-tying shot and committed a turnover on the Warriors last two possessions.', u'\u201cShots I normally make, I knew as soon as they left my hand that they were off,\u201d Curry said. \u201cThat doesn\u2019t usually happen. One game isn\u2019t going to alter my confidence.\u201d', u'Klay Thompson led Golden State\u2019s offense with 34 points.', u'Cleveland had key additional key performances from Timofey Mozgov (17 points, 11 rebounds) J.R. Smith (13 points) and Dellavedova, who led the defensive stand against Curry.', u"\u201cHe's a courageous kid that plays right,\u201d said Cavaliers coach David Blatt of Dellavedova.", u'\u201cHe played big tonight, and we needed him to.\u201d', u'Game Three is on Tuesday in Cleveland. The opening two games have both gone to overtime, a first for the NBA Finals.', u'(Reporting by Jahmal Corner; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Mo Farah Withdraws in England'], [u'Mo Farah\u2019s absence because of doping allegations surrounding his coach overshadowed the action in the Diamond League in Birmingham, England, as Jeneba Tarmoh won a photo finish in the 200 meters and Marvin Bracy won the 100 in 9.93 seconds.']), ([u'Lucie Safarova Part of Doubles Title'], [u'Lucie Safarova made sure she left the ', u' with at least one winner\u2019s trophy after she and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women\u2019s doubles title Sunday.', u'Less than 24 hours after losing to Serena Williams in the singles final, Safarova and Mattek-Sands beat Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova, 3-6 6-4 6-2.']), ([u'Questions Begin at Third Draft Slot as Top Prospects Perform at Combine'], [u'BUFFALO \u2014  They were pushed, prodded, measured, weighed and otherwise subjected to a kind of scrutiny familiar to anyone who has inspected produce before buying.', u'But in this case, the commodities were teenagers, the top draft-eligible hockey prospects in the world, who last week were examined and tested \u2014 physically and mentally \u2014 at the 2015 N.H.L. scouting combine here at HarborCenter, part of a two-rink hockey complex completed in 2014 by the host Sabres.', u'For the first time in its history, the combine moved from the Toronto area, where it had been held the last several years in a crowded ballroom in Mississauga, Ontario. There were other changes, too. Physical testing took place over two days, Friday and Saturday, instead of one. And new tests were added, all designed to mimic skills better suited for hockey.', u'Yet the basic purpose of the combine did not change. It was an opportunity for teams to better predict the professional potential of a group, made up mostly of 18-year-olds, based on their body types, quickness, agility, stamina and attitude.', u'\u201cNo player has to prove anything, because this is not a competition,\u201d said Dan Marr, the N.H.L.\u2019s director for central scouting, while describing the three components of the combine \u2014 medical screening, personal interviews and physical testing.', u'Yet the environment and the personalities of the participants invite comparison, from the news media, the fans and the scouts.', u'\u201cThey try to tell us it\u2019s not a competition, but we\u2019re all naturally pretty competitive, so we want to do our best,\u201d said Noah Hanifin, a ', u' and the player ranked third in the draft class by N.H.L. Central Scouting. \u201cThey will push us to our limits, and whatever happens, happens.\u201d', u'Much of the interest focused on Jack Eichel, a 6-foot-2, 194-pound ', u' and the second-ranked player in the draft. \u201cI was looking at the scoreboard,\u201d Eichel said, explaining how he had followed the test results, posted on monitors on the arena floor.', u'He added, \u201cIt\u2019s in anybody\u2019s competitive nature to want to top all the scores.\u201d', u'For more than a year, Eichel has been compared relentlessly to Connor McDavid, ', u' who played for the Erie Otters in the Ontario Hockey League the last three seasons. The analysis only intensified throughout the week of the combine, when the two players had a chance to meet.', u'McDavid is the top-ranked player in the draft. It is thought that he and Eichel can contribute immediately in the N.H.L. next season. Edmonton is expected to select McDavid first at the draft on June 26 at BB&T Center in Sunrise, Fla. The Sabres are expected to take Eichel with the second pick.', u'Last season McDavid, who is six feet and 188 pounds, finished third in the O.H.L. in scoring, with 120 points, despite having missed 21 games with an injury.', u'Eichel led the N.C.A.A. with 71 points and won the Hobey Baker Award as the nation\u2019s top college player. He led the Terriers to the N.C.A.A. final, where they lost to Providence.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a fine line,\u201d Marr said of ranking McDavid over Eichel, before citing McDavid\u2019s quickness at processing and executing the game as deciding factors.', u'\u201cWe actually feel the best is yet to come, that there\u2019s still room for growth\u201d for McDavid, Marr said.', u'Earlier in the week, word leaked out that during private interviews with team staff members, Eichel had told the Sabres that he was the best player in the draft.', u'\u201cI\u2019m pretty confident in my own abilities,\u201d Eichel said when asked about it. \u201cI know everyone is making a big deal that I said a comment like that. That wasn\u2019t me comparing myself to Connor or anything like that. It was just me thinking I\u2019m the best player in the draft, more confidence in my own self. I didn\u2019t think it was a big deal. I thought it was confidential within the team.\u201d', u'McDavid, who tends to be more soft-spoken, said: \u201cIt\u2019s not up to me to decide. A lot of people will do a lot of talking, and they\u2019ll judge with their own eyes. I believe in my abilities, and I feel I\u2019m the best player in the draft. I\u2019m not sure, maybe you\u2019ll hear a different answer from Jack.\u201d', u'When it came to testing this week, Eichel was superior to McDavid. Eichel ', u': bench press, pull-ups and agility, and vertical and standing broad jumps. Eichel\u2019s results ranked well against other prospects, too. He had the best endurance result (12 minutes 15 seconds) in a grueling test in which the prospects pedal a bike against stiff resistance while wearing an oxygen mask. He ranked fifth in vertical jump, fourth in bench press and fifth in the standing broad jump, and he had the strongest right-hand grip.', u'None of that will alter his or McDavid\u2019s standings, which are cast.', u'Things get more interesting with the next picks, starting with the Arizona Coyotes\u2019 selection in the third slot.', u'Don Maloney, Arizona\u2019s general manager, was reluctant to reveal his hand. He indicated that little of what had happened at the combine would determine his course early in the draft. He did allow, though, that some of his team\u2019s later selections could be affected.', u'\u201cWe have to tweak this,\u201d Maloney said of his scouting staff\u2019s recommendations. \u201cWe\u2019re not going to take a guy who was 20th on our list and jump him up on our list because he had a nice long jump and looked good in a T-shirt. That\u2019s not the way it works.\u201d']), ([u'N.B.A. Finals: Matthew Dellavedova Shines in Cavaliers\u2019 Taut Win'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014 For better or worse, Matthew Dellavedova has a knack for making himself the story.', u'Stepping into Cleveland\u2019s starting lineup for the injured All-Star Kyrie Irving on Sunday night, Dellavedova hit two free throws with 10.1 seconds left in overtime. He then harassed Stephen Curry into an air-ball jumper as the ', u' survived a furious rally by the Golden State Warriors for a 95-93 victory that evened the N.B.A. finals at one game apiece heading back to Cleveland on Tuesday night.', u'After eight full quarters and two overtimes, neither team has been able to achieve any meaningful separation, and ', u' said the Cavaliers\u2019 effort was a demonstration that they would not soon disappear.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s what it is; it\u2019s the grit squad that we have,\u201d he said.', u'Led by James\u2019s triple-double of 39 points (albeit on 11-for-34 shooting from the field), 16 rebounds and 11 assists, the Cavaliers built an 11-point lead with 3 minutes 14 seconds left in the fourth quarter. But the Warriors \u2014 who had misfired on 3-point attempts all night, with Curry the worst culprit (2 for 15) \u2014 stormed back to send a second straight game to overtime on Curry\u2019s driving scoop.', u'In overtime, the Warriors rallied from an early 5-point deficit and took a 93-92 lead when Curry hit two free throws with 29 seconds left. Then James found an open James Jones for a 3-point attempt from the right corner that missed.', u'Dellavedova, at 6 feet 4 inches, wedged into the lane among much bigger players, got his hands on the ball and was fouled trying to tap it in.', u'He made both free throws and then, as he had done all night, aggressively defended Curry, who missed a left-side jumper from about 19 feet. James got the rebound, was fouled and missed one of two free throws.', u'But with the Warriors out of timeouts, Curry\u2019s rushed pass upcourt went awry, James let out a triumphant howl, and a series that had been supposed to tilt toward a Golden State blowout after Irving fractured his left kneecap in overtime of Game 1 looked more like a tossup.', u'Klay Thompson led Golden State with 34 points, but the usually high-scoring Warriors made only 8 of 35 3-point shots \u2014 many of them rushed from deep against a gritty Cleveland defense that was personified by Dellavedova.', u'Curry, the league\u2019s most valuable player this season, said his shot \u201cdidn\u2019t feel right\u201d from the beginning and offered limited praise for Dellavedova, his unheralded opponent.', u'\u201cHe played hard and stuck to their game plan,\u201d Curry said, adding: \u201cI\u2019m not going to let one game alter my confidence. I doubt this will happen again.\u201d', u'James, however, saw Curry\u2019s misfiring differently.', u'\u201cIt had everything to do with Delly,\u201d James said. \u201cHe just kept a body on Steph. He made Steph work. He was spectacular, man, defensively.\u201d', u'Forcing the Warriors into a tough, inelegant game more suited to the Eastern Conference, the Cavaliers did an excellent job trapping Curry and Thompson off the high screen. And Dellavedova bothered Curry by doggedly chasing him, not allowing Curry to free himself off the ball.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s a courageous kid that plays right,\u201d Cavaliers Coach David Blatt said of Dellavedova. \u201cThere was a lot of nonsense swirling around about his style of play. I think anyone that looks at him objectively and fairly recognizes someone that just plays hard, heartfelt and tough basketball.\u201d', u'Dellavedova, a second-year pro from Australia who played college basketball at nearby St. Mary\u2019s, had already had a memorable and turbulent postseason.', u'With his playing time increased while Irving was struggling with knee tendinitis and a foot sprain, Dellavedova gave Cleveland a lift with long-range shooting and all-around hustle. But what was inspiring for the Cavaliers was infuriating for opponents.', u'After entanglements with Dellavedova led to the ejections of Chicago\u2019s Taj Gibson in the second round and Atlanta\u2019s Al Horford in the Eastern Conference finals, Dellavedova had all of Cleveland, James included, ', u', not dirty.', u'But Irving \u2014 who was also born in Australia, while his father, Drederick, was playing pro basketball there \u2014 acknowledged that he and Dellavedova had had their share of practice tussles over the past two seasons.', u'Andrew Bogut, the Warriors\u2019 center and another Australian, said before Game 2 that Dellavedova could provide the energy and emotional lift the Cavaliers needed after the deflating news on Irving \u2014 and that he might be better at chasing Curry given the condition of Irving, who has never been considered a stout defender.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s a big-game player,\u201d Bogut said of Dellavedova. \u201cBig shots in college, big shots for the national team. He\u2019s always doubted \u2014 and that\u2019s what he thrives on.\u201d', u'The downside for the Cavaliers \u2014 and no small concern for them \u2014 was how they would compensate for Irving\u2019s ability to create off the dribble and, at the same time, ease some of the pressure on James to manufacture scoring opportunities for himself and his teammates.', u'But James dominated their offense on Sunday night. Having drawn criticism for launching a long jumper with a victory in his grasp at the end of regulation in Game 1, he attacked the paint. With the Warriors forced to converge around him, James found open shooters on the perimeter and helped center Timofey Mozgov to a 17-point night until Blatt matched the Warriors\u2019 small lineup by sending Mozgov to the bench.', u'In Europe and Israel, Blatt was known for his defensive schemes, and in Game 2, the Cavaliers never let the Warriors find a rhythm. Maybe it was a coincidence, Curry being due for an off night, or the fact that Dellavedova was annoying him. But the results were clear, and if not for Thompson, Curry\u2019s Splash Brothers partner, Golden State would have been blown out.', u'For much of the night, James did not get much help except from Mozgov. But J. R. Smith and Dellavedova made big 3-point shots as the Cavaliers built their lead late in regulation, and in overtime, Dellavedova scored the 2 biggest points of all, those two free throws, after his offensive rebound.', u'\u201cI mean, that\u2019s the classic thing you practice as a kid growing up,\u201d he said. \u201cDown 1, you need to make both free throws.\u201d', u'Then he needed to stop Curry one more time.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019s just a team defensive cover,\u201d Dellavedova said, playing down the one-on-one angle. \u201cEverybody has to be alert the whole game because if you lose him for a second, he\u2019s going to get a good look.\u201d', u'The only things Curry and the Warriors were looking at late Sunday night were a long trip east and a much longer series than many had thought would be necessary.', u'On Tuesday night, Cleveland rocks. Game on.']), ([u'The 50th M.L.B. Draft Unfolds With a Surprise Factor'], [u'Unlike the made-for-television drafts in the N.B.A. and the N.F.L., there is still some mystery that surrounds Major League Baseball\u2019s draft despite this being the 50th anniversary of the event. So when Rob Manfred, M.L.B.\u2019s commissioner, walks to the dais Monday night to announce who the ', u' have taken with the No. 1 pick, the selection will be a surprise to nearly everyone other than Manfred, the team and the player selected.', u'Among the complicating factors are that the format is relatively new (the draft was conducted by conference call until 2009), the players have had far less news media exposure than their counterparts in the other major sports, and teams occasionally choose a player who is not the consensus top talent because strategically they would rather distribute their assigned bonus pool to several players rather than one top talent.', u'This year, the player many believe deserves to be the No. 1 pick, Brendan Rogers, a high school shortstop, will be one of the four players expected to be in attendance at the draft. But others believe he will not be taken by the Diamondbacks.', u'Though Rogers is the rare shortstop who is strong defensively while projecting a middle-of-the-order bat, most mock drafts have Arizona taking Dansby Swanson, a shortstop from Vanderbilt. Swanson may not match Rogers\u2019s potential in the field and at the plate, but he is considered closer to being ready for the major leagues and will most likely agree to a lower signing bonus.', u'Still, even Swanson is no safe bet to go No. 1. There have been plenty of surprises over the years. Stanford\u2019s Mark Appel was the consensus top pick in 2012 when his hometown Houston Astros chose first, but the team took Carlos Correa, a 17-year-old shortstop from Puerto Rico in what many assumed was an attempt to save money. The next year, Appel was back in the draft with far less fanfare. He chose not to sign with the Pittsburgh Pirates, who had taken him with the No. 8 pick. The Astros reversed course and drafted him.', u'Proving that the instant reaction to picks, and where players rank, is not a science, Correa has developed into the one of the two or three best prospects in baseball, while Appel has struggled to a 5.74 earned run average in 38 starts over three minor league seasons.', u'Another complicating factor for the draft is how teams will react to the events that unfolded last year with the Astros\u2019 selection of Brady Aiken. The first high school pitcher to be taken with the top pick since Brien Taylor in 1991, Aiken was unable to come to a contract agreement with the Astros, with the team reportedly concerned over problems with a magnetic resonance imaging test on his pitching elbow though Aiken insisted he was perfectly healthy.', u'Things ended poorly for the team and the player. Because the Astros had structured their offer to other players drafted based on the bonus pool available to them if they signed Aiken at a discount, they were unable to sign a few of their top picks, resulting in multiple grievances being filed. And Aiken, who was working out in hopes of entering this year\u2019s draft as the top prospect, tore his ulnar collateral ligament and will enter this draft while recovering from Tommy John surgery.', u'Now both will get another chance. The Astros will have the No. 2 pick as compensation for not having signed Aiken, and Aiken may be taken in the first round, as some team is likely willing to gamble on his potential to make a full recovery.', u'Monday\u2019s portion of the draft will include the first and second rounds as well as two competitive-balance rounds. The draft continues Tuesday with Rounds 3 through 10 and Wednesday with Rounds 11 through 40.', u'Joining Rogers in person at the draft will be Garrett Whitley, a high school outfielder, and the high school pitchers Ashe Russell and Mike Nikorak. While the potential is there for one of the players to endure a long wait before being selected, that player can take solace in the fact that Mike Trout, who attended the 2009 draft, had to wait until the 25th pick before his name was called. Things have turned out pretty well for Trout, the Los Angeles Angels outfielder and 2014 American League most valuable player.']), ([u'Cleveland, City of Champions (at Least in Indoor Soccer of the \u201990s)'], [u'Like anyone else around Cleveland, George Hoffman has gotten used to all the chatter about the city\u2019s sports championship drought, about the fact that no major local team has won a trophy since 1964, about how LeBron James and the ', u' this month could end 51 years of fan suffering.', u'But when Hoffman, 74, hears people rehashing those same old story lines, he has one thought: \u201cThey\u2019re wrong, and it bothers the hell out of me,\u201d he said, albeit in somewhat more colorful language.', u'Hoffman, to be clear, has long been an admirer of James and would love to see the Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors and win their first N.B.A. title. But he laughs at the idea of Cleveland as an accursed city of sports losers. As one of the former owners of the Cleveland Crunch, he has the firsthand experience, and the championship rings, to claim otherwise.', u'From 1994 to 1999, the Crunch won three titles in the National Professional Soccer League, forming a veritable dynasty of American indoor soccer. So as far as Hoffman and his players are concerned, Cleveland\u2019s so-called drought ended more than two decades ago \u2014 even if most people consider the Browns\u2019 N.F.L. title in 1964 the city\u2019s last professional championship.', u'\u201cI know it\u2019s not a major sport championship, but for us it was,\u201d said Hector Marinaro, 50, a prodigious scorer who won seven Most Valuable Player Awards. \u201cThat was our living. That was the pinnacle of our sport. It was something that we were proud of and we cherished.\u201d', u'Throughout this basketball postseason, Cavaliers players have been asked to imagine what it might be like to win a championship, to consider what it would mean to the people of the sports-crazy city. Marinaro and his former teammates could tell them the answer.', u'In interviews last week, former Crunch players, many of whom remained in the Cleveland area once their playing days were finished, reminisced about their 1994 championship, which they clinched on April 27 in a spellbinding, double-overtime game against the St. Louis Ambush at the Cleveland State Convocation Center.', u'An announced crowd of 11,162 filled the arena that night, and Zoran Karic, who was named M.V.P. of the league that season, recalled that the game was postponed 45 minutes because the lines outside to enter were so long.', u'Players generally describe the N.P.S.L. as having the rules of soccer mixed with elements of ice hockey and basketball. The finals were played in a best-of-five series. With a little more than three minutes left in the sudden-death second overtime, midfielder Andy Schmetzer played the ball off the wall near the left corner to Marinaro, who scraped it into the net just beneath the crossbar to break a 15-15 tie and give the Crunch a 3-1 series win.', u'The goal set off wild celebrations on the turf. Marinaro sprinted around the perimeter of the field, getting his arms and legs tangled in colorful streamers, before settling to the ground, where he was mobbed.', u'\u201cI remember Hector took off like Secretariat around the arena,\u201d said goalkeeper Otto Orf, whose clearance moments earlier had started the winning passing move. \u201cGuys were trying to catch him, and they couldn\u2019t.\u201d', u'Inside the locker room, the players sprayed champagne, gulped beer and chomped on cigars. At one point, they went back onto the field to celebrate with the lingering fans. Afterward, the players decamped to the Flats, which at the time was the city\u2019s hottest night life district, where partygoers surrounded them on the sidewalks outside the bars and clubs to congratulate them, take pictures and request autographs.', u'\u201cIt was as close to feeling like LeBron and the big boys as we\u2019d ever get,\u201d Marinaro said, laughing.', u'Winning in Cleveland, the players soon found out, was a pretty sweet thing.', u'In the days after that clinching game, players were invited to throw out the first pitch at Jacobs Field before a ', u' game. There was no grand parade, but the city held a rally for the team in Public Square downtown. Hoffman said that several thousand fans attended the rally and that Mayor Michael White gave him the key to the city.', u'Orf said it was obvious how important a role sports played in northeast Ohio. He was driving down Route 91 one day last summer, he said, when people started rolling down their windows and honking their horns. The drivers were reacting to news on their radios that James had decided to sign with the Cavaliers, the team that drafted him, after four seasons with the Miami Heat.', u'To carve out a space in Cleveland\u2019s sports memory, however small, therefore gave Orf and his teammates a big measure of satisfaction.', u'\u201cThe history and culture of sports here is great, and to be a part of it is very, very cool,\u201d Orf said. \u201cIt was nice, in some respects, to end that drought. Though, for many people, it hasn\u2019t been ended, and on a national stage, it hasn\u2019t ended. I don\u2019t ever try to pretend our sport was bigger than it was.\u201d', u'To the player, it was huge. The core of the team stayed together and won two more titles, in 1996 and 1999. The league disbanded in 2001, and indoor soccer has had a fractured existence since.', u'Marinaro said, at his peak, he made about $150,000 a year playing in the league. Like many of his teammates, he bought a home and started a family in the area. To this day, the former Crunch players gather to have lunch or play golf, and every few years, they try to reunite to play a friendly game.', u'Karic, who grew up in the former Yugoslavia, thought about quitting when he was traded to Cleveland from the San Diego Sockers in 1990. But he said going to Cleveland and experiencing the success he did was the best thing that could have happened to him in his career.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a minor sport, obviously, but it\u2019s a world championship,\u201d said Karic, who runs a soccer school in the area. \u201cIt is a big deal. People here love sports, and they love winners. It doesn\u2019t matter what sport you\u2019re playing.\u201d', u'Hoffman, who is retired and lives in Akron, agreed.', u'\u201cWhen you win a championship \u2014 a world championship \u2014 it means something,\u201d he said,', u'Like everyone else around Cleveland, he will be watching the Cavaliers in the coming days. He is hoping James can experience some of the same feelings he had two decades ago.']), ([u'Henry Carr, Olympic Sprinter and a Football Giant, Dies at 73'], [u'Henry Carr, a sprinter who captured two gold medals in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics and later played defensive back for the Giants, died on May 29 in Griffin, Ga. He was 73.', u'The cause was cancer, said his wife, Glenda.', u'Carr, one of the leading sprinters of his time, captured a gold medal in the 200 meters with an Olympic-record time of 20.3 seconds, winning by about a yard.', u'\u201cI didn\u2019t think it was that fast,\u201d he told The Track and Field News. \u201cThis was the easiest of my races.\u201d', u'He also propelled the United States 4x400-meter relay team to gold, running the final leg in 44.5 seconds, the team\u2019s fastest split. He combined with Ollan Cassell, Mike Larrabee and Ulis Williams for a world-record time of 3 minutes 0.7 of a second.', u'Carr was selected by the Giants in the fourth round of the 1965 N.F.L. draft. At 6 feet 3 inches and 185 pounds, he had a sturdy build to complement his speed and played at safety and cornerback.', u'His best season was 1966, when he had four interceptions and ran one back for a touchdown after picking off a pass by Los Angeles Rams quarterback Roman Gabriel on the Giants\u2019 goal line.', u'But he played only three seasons in pro football, all with the Giants. He was hampered by a knee injury in his final year.', u'Bob Hayes, who won two gold medals in the sprints at the Tokyo Games, also embarked on an N.F.L. career in 1965 and became a Hall of Fame receiver for the Dallas Cowboys.', u'Henry Carr was born on Nov. 27, 1941, in Montgomery Ala., the ninth of 11 children. The family moved to Detroit when he was a youngster, and he starred in track and field, football and basketball in high school. He played football for one season at Arizona State, then concentrated on track and field.', u'\u201cWinning the Olympics was more of a personal, individual achievement,\u201d Carr told The Associated Press in 1966, contrasting track and field with pro football. \u201cI think football is even more of an achievement for me. I can do more concrete things for myself and use football as a steppingstone for the future, along with my Olympic connections.\u201d', u'He had difficulty finding work after his football career ended, his wife said. He began using drugs, but turned his life around when he and his wife were baptized as Jehovah\u2019s Witnesses in May 1973.', u'\u201cIn time, I hit rock bottom morally as a man, coming into association with drug dealers and prostitutes,\u201d Carr wrote in a 1976 article for the Jehovah\u2019s Witnesses publication The Watchtower.', u'Mrs. Carr said in an interview on Sunday that her husband was raised Baptist and had not been a churchgoer, but that he joined the Jehovah\u2019s Witnesses after he began reading the Bible to find spiritual comfort.', u'Carr was a Jehovah\u2019s Witness elder, helping preside at church meetings. He also he did contracting work and owned a restaurant. He was living in Detroit when he became a Jehovah\u2019s Witness, then moved to Griffin, Ga., when he was told that ministers were needed in that area. He later moved back to Detroit but had been living in Griffin for about 10 years when he died.', u'He was inducted into the National Track and Field Hall of Fame in 1997.', u'In addition to his wife, Carr is survived by two daughters, Piper and Andrea Carr; a son, Peyton; four brothers, Emmitt, Linwood, Jasper and Ethan; three sisters, Flozell Coachman, Charity Harris and Escalita Jones; and five grandchildren.', u'Carr ultimately considered the fame he achieved as an athlete to be of little consequence.', u'\u201cStars are soon replaced and generally forgotten,\u201d he wrote in The Watchtower. \u201cRather than competing with others to be best, helping and serving others is what brings true satisfaction.\u201d']), ([u'Sunday at the Women\u2019s World Cup'], [u'Top-ranked GERMANY beat IVORY COAST in a 10-0 rout, the second-most lopsided win in the history of the Women\u2019s World Cup, which dates to 1991. Ivory Coast, in the tournament for the first time, was issued six yellow cards and had only four shots on goal.', u'In the early game in Ottawa, NORWAY dominated THAILAND, 4-0, to open Group B play.', u'Norway, ranked 11th, squandered several scoring chances against Thailand, which ', u' in the wake of a steroid scandal involving five players from North Korea. Thailand goalkeeper Waraporn Boonsing had a spectacular save on a penalty kick in the 75th minute, Isabell Herlovsen of Norway had a goal nullified by an offside call, and Ada Hegerberg twice hit the post.', u'Celia Sasic of Germany scored off a pass from Anja Mittag in the 31st minute for the fastest hat trick in the event\u2019s history. (In the 64th, Mittag, too, completed a hat trick.)', u'\u201cI told my mom, \u2018That\u2019s what I want to do\u2019 \u2014 that I wanted to play on the best team in the world.\u201d', u'SYDNEY LEROUX, an American striker born in Canada, who added of the U.S., \u201cIf we don\u2019t come home with the gold, that\u2019s not good enough.\u201d', u'It is game day at last for the UNITED STATES, which plays AUSTRALIA on Monday at 7:30 p.m. Eastern in Winnipeg, after SWEDEN and NIGERIA tangle in an early game. The Americans have never failed to reach the semifinals at the World Cup, and most analysts expect them to continue that run this year. There are a few concerns about the team \u2014 Alex Morgan\u2019s fitness, the midfield\u2019s creativity \u2014 but Australia may not be the team most capable of exploiting them.', u'JAPAN begins its title defense in Vancouver with a game against SWITZERLAND, one of three Women\u2019s World Cup debutantes in Group C. The other two, CAMEROON and ECUADOR, meet on the undercard at B.C. Place. Watch for how Japan uses midfielder Homare Sawa. The star of its 2011 championship squad, Sawa, 36, ', u' by Coach Norio Sasaki \u2014 many thought for good \u2014 but ', u' for one final run.']), ([u'Blue Jays Beat Astros With 9th-Inning Rally'], [u'Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a game-winning two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the ', u' beat the visiting ', u', 7-6, on Sunday for their fifth straight win.', u'Jose Bautista hit two solo homers and Russell Martin added a two-run shot for Toronto, which scored three times in the ninth to complete a three-game sweep. Colabello\u2019s game-ending single extended his hitting streak to 17 games, the longest active run in the majors.', u'Liam Hendriks (1-0) pitched two innings for the win. Luke Gregerson (2-1) recorded his second blown save in 17 chances.', u' Chris Archer became the first pitcher in more than 100 years to reach double digits in strikeouts without a walk in three straight starts, leading Tampa Bay to a win at Seattle.', u'Archer (7-4) struck out 11 in seven innings. The statistics agency Stats found no other pitcher with such a string of starts in its research dating to 1914.', u' Pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur drove in two runs with a two-out double in the seventh inning to help Philadelphia beat visiting San Francisco and stave off a series sweep.', u'Freddy Galvis led off the inning with a single. After another hit and a double play, Ben Revere worked a walk to set the stage for Francoeur.', u' Salvador Perez hit a solo homer with two outs in the eighth inning, lifting Kansas City over visiting Texas.', u'Perez hit his eighth homer, sending a pitch from Keone Kela (4-2) into the Royals\u2019 bullpen.', u'Wade Davis (3-1) picked up the victory, working around Prince Fielder\u2019s double in the eighth. Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities.', u' Kris Bryant tripled, doubled, singled and scored twice as visiting Chicago sent Washington to its eighth loss in 10 games.', u'Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth for his first save since 2012, when he led the National League with 42 for St. Louis before being injured. Closer Hector Rondon threw a perfect eighth a day after Manager Joe Maddon said he might put him in some lower-pressure situations to become settled.', u' Rusney Castillo hit a solo homer and a run-scoring single during a seven-run rally in the eighth inning that sent Boston over visiting Oakland for a three-game sweep.', u'Xander Bogaerts delivered a go-ahead two-run double. The Red Sox had eight hits in the comeback before the ambidextrous Pat Venditte, Oakland\u2019s fifth pitcher of the inning, got the last out.', u' Yoenis Cespedes and J. D. Martinez homered in the sixth inning to power Detroit to a win in Chicago. The Tigers have won consecutive games after dropping eight straight, their longest skid since 2005.', u'Alfredo Simon (6-3) struck out seven and allowed four runs \u2014 one earned \u2014 in eight innings. Joakim Soria earned his 16th save in 18 chances.', u' Gerrit Cole pitched seven strong innings to win his fourth straight start, Starling Marte had a two-run single in the three-run fifth inning, and Pittsburgh won at Atlanta.', u'Cole, the 2011 first overall draft pick, became the first Pirate since Emil Yde in 1924-25 with 30 victories in 53 or fewer career starts.', u'Cole (9-2) allowed six hits, three walks and struck out seven, throwing 74 of his 116 pitches for strikes.', u' Jay Bruce homered twice to drive in all four runs, and Johnny Cueto earned his first win in almost a month, leading Cincinnati over visiting San Diego.', u'Cueto and relievers J. J. Hoover and Aroldis Chapman combined to retire the last 15 batters, helping the Reds avoid a sweep.', u'Cueto (4-4) gave up four hits in seven innings, striking out nine and walking two. It was his first win since May 9.', u' Matt Wieters hit his first home run in more than a year, and Bud Norris won in his return from the disabled list as Baltimore prevailed at Cleveland.', u'Adam Jones also went deep to help the Orioles take two of three in the series.', u' Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two-out homer in the 10th inning, lifting Miami to a win in Colorado.', u'Hechavarria drove a slider from reliever Boone Logan (0-2) into the trees beyond center field.', u' Mike Pelfrey pitched eight strong innings, his longest outing in three years, and Minnesota avoided a series sweep by beating visiting Milwaukee.', u'Eddie Rosario and Eduardo Escobar drove in runs for the Twins, who otherwise struggled with runners on base. Glen Perkins worked a scoreless ninth for his major-league-leading 21st save in 21 chances.', u' Jhonny Peralta singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning and homered, leading St. Louis to a victory in Los Angeles.', u'Yasiel Puig committed a costly fielding error during a three-run Cardinals rally after Matt Carpenter had drawn a leadoff walk from reliever Adam Liberatore.']), ([u'Testing the Mettle of a Team, and Its Star: Alex Morgan'], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014 For a woman who has not played a competitive soccer game in about two months, Alex Morgan has managed to remain a brilliant ray of sunshine on the eve of the Women\u2019s World Cup. So what if a bone bruise in her left knee has sidelined her since early April, leaving the United States women\u2019s team without its best goal scorer ahead of a tournament it is desperate to win.', u'\u201cOnce June 8 comes, there is no question in my mind that my knee will not be bothering me,\u201d Morgan said last month. \u201cI\u2019ll be 100 percent.\u201d', u'Confidence is one thing and reality is another \u2014 even for Morgan, the charismatic No. 13 who is beloved by marketers and also, in growing numbers, the public. She may be the face of United States women\u2019s soccer, but that doesn\u2019t mean she is superhuman. And June 8 is now here.', u'While Morgan has been working on her strength and fitness, there is nothing that can replicate the pace and intensity of a World Cup game. Not a pretournament exhibition match or even the most difficult practice. Morgan has had none of the former, and only a precious few of the latter entering the Americans\u2019 opening game of the World Cup on Monday against Australia.', u'Her poor knee has no idea what it\u2019s about to go through. And on artificial turf, no less.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t expect Alex to be 90-minutes fit,\u201d the former United States coach Tony DiCicco said. \u201cBut out there, she\u2019s devastating and that won\u2019t change. This time, the team might not have her out there for as long.\u201d', u'United States Coach Jill Ellis said Sunday that Morgan had recently looked \u201cgreat, sharp\u201d in practice, but would not say how she would use her in the opener. All Ellis said was that Morgan would be available to play Monday \u2014 which doesn\u2019t guarantee a thing.', u'But cryptic answers aside, Ellis would be delirious not to call on Morgan, who is at the center of what the United States team wants to do. She is fast and mobile. She is good in the air and technically solid.', u'But is she fit? On Saturday, Morgan asked her 1.7 million Twitter followers, \u201cWho\u2019s ready for Monday?\u201d and answered, \u201cI am.\u201d Yet on Sunday, both Ellis and Morgan acknowledged that Morgan\u2019s fitness would be an issue.', u'Morgan said it would take her several games to get up to speed. When asked to name the last time she played a 90-minute game, she initially said, \u201cI can\u2019t really remember.\u201d', u'\u201cIf push comes to shove, I can play 90 minutes,\u201d she said, explaining that she might grow more fatigued than someone like Abby Wambach, but that she would still hang in there. \u201cIf called upon to start, I\u2019ll be ready.\u201d', u'There is a good chance that Morgan could start the tournament looking as dangerous as ever, but only in spurts. Her knee and her lungs may simply not be ready yet.', u'DiCicco said the transition from a long layoff to game action would take some time. The question is, does Morgan have enough of it?', u'\u201cWhen you can\u2019t play as much, you\u2019ve got to use your mental training,\u201d DiCicco said. \u201cHow much does that help? It\u2019s player to player. But if you\u2019re going to take a chance on a player, you want to take a chance on Alex Morgan because she can change the game.\u201d', u'Still, the fan chant that now follows United States national teams \u2014 \u201cWe believe that we will win!\u201d \u2014 may have to be modified, in Morgan\u2019s case, to something more like, \u201cWe just have to wait and see!\u201d Same rhythm. Not exactly the same punch.', u'Brandi Chastain, who scored the decisive penalty kick when the United States last lifted the World Cup trophy, said she was sure her old team wouldn\u2019t be shaken by Morgan\u2019s injury.', u'\u201cWith Morgan coming back, it\u2019s good for conversation, good for drama outside the team, but the inner circle knows that every player is valuable,\u201d Chastain said, giving the example of how the United States\u2019 captain, Christie Rampone, earlier this year was replaced by the newcomer Julie Johnston, who has settled effortlessly into the starting lineup.', u'Chastain also knows, of course, that it\u2019s not so simple to replace one player with another, because sometimes certain parts of a team are not interchangeable. Example: If Rampone, the most experienced American defender, is 85 percent back from her knee injury, should she regain her starting spot over a 100 percent Johnston? Is a semi-fit Morgan better than a fully fit Abby Wambach, whom Ellis suggested last week might see some time as a late-game substitute?', u'Those are questions that can be answered only by Ellis, whose job I don\u2019t envy as the United States tries to win its first World Cup since 1999.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s a chess match that Jill will have to play the whole time,\u201d Chastain said, \u201cand one wrong move could change the whole outcome.\u201d', u'So do you start Morgan, or don\u2019t you? Chastain said no, unless Morgan is 100 percent. Save her for when you need her the most. But DiCicco said you must.', u'\u201cShe\u2019s the closest thing we\u2019ve had to Mia Hamm,\u201d DiCicco said, adding that Morgan as a starter was once a no-brainer, but has now become complicated \u2014 at the worst possible time, too.', u'Morgan is valuable because of her skill set and because her mobility opens up opportunities for other players. But after not being able to go full speed for about eight weeks, she isn\u2019t very likely to be ready to \u2014 literally \u2014 hit the ground running. Even the world\u2019s best athletes have a period of transition between coming back from an injury and reaching their height again.', u'Still, a part of the game with Morgan is better than a whole game without Morgan, right? And being able to turn to Wambach or Sydney Leroux off the bench is quite the backup plan.', u'What better way to kick off the World Cup than with soccer\u2019s brightest star on the field, one who sparkles off it, too? Morgan might lift ratings, and higher ratings lure more sponsors and more sponsors mean more money and more money grows the game.', u'You know what else grows the game? Goals. The United States, with a Morgan-less starting lineup, failed to score any in their final exhibition, against a less-than-fearsome South Korea in late May at Red Bull Arena.', u'That underwhelming performance did little to inspire confidence that the Americans would find the net when playing much better teams like ', u' or Germany, if that time comes at the World Cup. And without that confidence \u2014 even though Morgan exudes it \u2014 there goes the United States team\u2019s chance of bringing home its first world championship in 16 years.', u'So, no pressure, Alex Morgan. No pressure.']), ([u'Lightning Owner Wants to Build to Last, in Tampa and on Ice'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  As a money manager, Jeff Vinik made hundreds of millions of dollars by taking big bets on undervalued assets. But when he turned 50, he wanted to do something else. He did not play golf and could visit only so many museums.', u'So he told his wife, Penny, that he was going to buy a hockey team. Then he did what made him a wealthy man: He studied.', u'He bought textbooks on sports management, spoke to team owners around the country, met with N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman for three hours and even used Google to search \u201cHow to buy a hockey team.\u201d', u'Fifteen months later, in March 2010, he bought the ', u', a team that had won a Stanley Cup but also had a parade of owners who lost tens of millions of dollars.', u'\u201cWhen I do something, I try to immerse myself in it,\u201d said Vinik, who has an engineering degree and used to run the nation\u2019s largest mutual fund. \u201cI\u2019ve been in the stock market my whole life, and it\u2019s the same process.\u201d', u'The estimated $110 million he paid for the Lightning was a bargain. Thanks to an improving economy, the N.H.L.\u2019s new television deals and the team\u2019s progress on the ice, the Lightning are now worth about twice as much as Vinik paid for them, according to Forbes. Led by young stars like Steven Stamkos and Ben Bishop, the Lightning are now fighting in the Stanley Cup finals against the ', u' in a series that is tied at a game apiece.', u'Given the club\u2019s disarray before he arrived, Vinik, 56, might be excused for taking a victory lap. But he is just getting started. In December, he unveiled plans to develop 40 acres of mostly barren land that he owns or leases around Amalie Arena, the Lightning\u2019s downtown home. In partnership with Cascade Investment, which manages Bill Gates\u2019s money, Vinik envisions at least $1 billion in spending on new office towers, low-rise apartments, shops and a medical school. Though the real estate project and the club are separate, they are complementary, he said.', u'\u201cForty acres downtown with water on three sides, I don\u2019t know if you can find that anywhere in America,\u201d Vinik said. \u201cThis is a great place, but it hasn\u2019t been fully developed.\u201d', u'With the Buccaneers struggling in the N.F.L. and baseball\u2019s Rays battling with public officials to get a new stadium, the Lightning have become the sports darlings of the region. This has turned Vinik, a soft-spoken, bookish man who had limited interaction with the news media when he worked in finance, into a kind of local rock star.', u'He routinely appears on television, meets fans on game nights and receives standing ovations at employee meetings. He also speaks to local civic groups, meets with politicians and flies around the country trying to persuade chief executives to move their operations to his adopted city.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s my co-cheerleader-in-chief,\u201d said Bob Buckhorn, the mayor of Tampa, which is expected to spend about $20 million to upgrade the roads, sewers and other infrastructure for the development. \u201cWhen the mayor says it, it\u2019s expected. But when you have Jeff Vinik selling Tampa, it\u2019s different.\u201d', u'As a relative newcomer, Vinik has tried to overcome doubt about whether he was in Tampa just to make a quick buck, as sports owners have done in other markets. He has spent $62 million to upgrade Amalie Arena, a county-owned building, and pledged $10 million to the Lightning\u2019s Community Hero Program, which gives $50,000 to a local charity at each home game. In 2012, he stopped commuting from Boston and moved his family to the area.', u'Vinik\u2019s vision for the arena district is not new. The Toronto Maple Leafs, the Los Angeles Lakers and Kings, the New England Patriots and others play in homes that are centerpieces of larger developments. But in some ways, Vinik\u2019s plan is more audacious because Florida\u2019s cities are known more for their sprawl than density, and because he has requested relatively little from public officials.', u'\u201cHe is not asking for a lot,\u201d said Philip Porter, a frequent critic of public financing for sports teams who teaches the economics of sports at the University of South Florida. \u201cHe receives a few subsidies, like a parking garage, but it isn\u2019t like he was asking for a new arena.\u201d', u'The stability and vision under Vinik\u2019s ownership are all the more startling \u2014 and reassuring, if you\u2019re a fan \u2014 given the revolving door of owners who have held the club since the franchise was awarded, in 1990, along with the Ottawa Senators.', u'After the original financiers for the team backed out, Phil and Tony Esposito, brothers who are in hockey\u2019s Hall of Fame, persuaded Kokusai Green, a Japanese golf course operator, to bankroll the club. But the group\u2019s titular owner, Takashi Okubo, was never seen in Tampa and never attended a game. After the economic bubble collapsed in Japan, his company took more money out of the team than it put in, leaving the team chronically short of cash.', u'Conditions were so bad that the Internal Revenue Service investigated the team, and George Steinbrenner, the Yankees\u2019 principal owner and a minority investor in the Lightning, pleaded to get out.', u'Even so, the team, which played its inaugural year of 1992 in a small arena at the Florida State Fairgrounds, drew big crowds in a converted baseball stadium called the Thunderdome in St. Petersburg, where the Rays now play. In 1996, the Lightning \u2014 who got their name because Tampa is considered the lightning capital of the country \u2014 moved into their current home in downtown Tampa.', u'In 1998, Art Williams, an insurance executive, bought the team, fired the Esposito brothers and poured money into the club. But the team languished and losses mounted, so he sold the team to Bill Davidson, the owner of the Detroit Pistons.', u'Under Davidson, the team flourished. John Tortorella was hired as coach, and Martin St. Louis, Brad Richards and Vincent Lecavalier formed a solid core on the ice. In the 2003-4 season, the Lightning racked up 106 points and then beat the Islanders, the Canadiens, the Flyers and the Flames to win their only Stanley Cup.', u'The next season was scrubbed because the owners locked out the players, and by 2008, the team had returned to mediocrity. Davidson sold the club to OK Hockey, a group headed by Oren Koules, who produced horror movies, and Len Barrie, a former N.H.L. player and real estate developer. After two years of mounting losses on and off the ice, they sold the club to Vinik.', u'He quickly cleaned house, hiring Steve Yzerman, the former Detroit star who later worked for the Red Wings, and Tod Leiweke, who had been chief executive of Vulcan Sports and Entertainment, which owns the Seattle Seahawks and Portland Trail Blazers. In 2011, they rebranded the Lightning to give the club a more traditional look and a feeling of permanence.', u'\u201cThey wanted it to feel like it was Original Six team, simple colors, very clean, and evolutionary from where they were,\u201d said Edward M. O\u2019Hara, the chief creative officer at SME, the design firm that helped rebrand the team. \u201cThey keep saying the uniforms are part of their success, so I told them to keep that in mind when they are handing out Stanley Cup rings.\u201d', u'Starting in 2011, Vinik started upgrading Amalie Arena, adding a state-of-the-art video board and a massive digital pipe organ. The investments, along with the team\u2019s improving record on the ice, helped increase attendance more than 21 percent. Revenue has steadily risen as well, helped by several playoff appearances.', u'Profits have been another story. The team had an operating loss of nearly $12 million last year even as revenue grew, according to Forbes. Kurt Badenhausen, who calculates team valuations at Forbes, said that the Lightning\u2019s local television deal lags behind those of teams like the Blackhawks and the Rangers.', u'That means the Lightning are more reliant on ticket sales. According to the Fan Cost Index, the Lightning raised ticket prices 5.4 percent last year but still have the third lowest prices in the N.H.L.', u'\u201cFor a small- to mid-market team like Tampa, it\u2019s hard to make money unless you make the playoffs,\u201d Badenhausen said.', u'The team\u2019s playoff run this year, though, has given the Lightning a lift. Vinik said the team was on the cusp of breaking even. But he added that he did not buy the team to make a quick profit, but to build something more permanent.', u'\u201cThe growth around there the next five to 10 years will be astonishing,\u201d Vinik said. \u201cOf course, I\u2019d like to win the Stanley Cup now, but we\u2019re developing something for the long term.\u201d']), ([u'Passing Up Event at Home, David Lingmerth Wins the Memorial'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  David Lingmerth reluctantly passed on the European Tour stop in his native Sweden this year, as he had the previous two. While his compatriot Alex Noren won by four strokes Sunday at PGA Sweden National, Lingmerth was more than 4,000 miles away, locking horns with the 2013 ', u' champion, Justin Rose, in the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village Golf Club.', u'Lingmerth was trying to secure his first PGA Tour victory in his 68th start. Standing in his way was Rose, a seven-time tour winner who won this tournament in 2010. At the end of regulation, Rose and Lingmerth were tied at 15-under-par 273.', u'Rose, who closed with a 72, and Lingmerth, who carded a 69, finished two strokes ahead of Francesco Molinari and Jordan Spieth, who signed for his final-round 65, the day\u2019s low score. Spieth then waited nearly two hours to see if his 13-under clubhouse lead would hold.', u'It was Spieth\u2019s sixth top-three finish in his last 10 starts. Lingmerth\u2019s play had gone the opposite way. He came into the Memorial having missed the cut in four of his previous five starts. He did not expect to win at the start of the week, and he described himself as \u201cjust all confused\u201d after prevailing in the playoff Sunday with a par on the third extra hole.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s one thing to be a PGA Tour player,\u201d Lingmerth said. \u201cIt\u2019s a whole nother thing to be a winner out here. Just to be on that list of PGA Tour winners is a special feeling and something that no one can take away from me.\u201d', u'Lingmerth\u2019s final putt, a tricky 5-footer, dropped roughly eight hours after Tiger Woods, a five-time champion here, finished with a 74 for a 14-over 302, his worst 72-hole score as a professional.', u'\u201cWhether it\u2019s the first day or last day, it doesn\u2019t matter: Play all out,\u201d Woods said.', u'Whether it was the first hole of the playoff or the third, it did not matter for Lingmerth; he never faltered against Rose, who was trying to become the fourth multiple winner of the wraparound season after Spieth, Jimmy Walker and Rory McIlroy.', u'\u201cHe seems cool, calm and collected,\u201d said Rose, who referenced Lingmerth\u2019s 10-foot par putt on the first hole that extended the playoff. He shook his head. \u201cHe did everything he needed to.\u201d', u'Lingmerth did not have much time to let the victory \u2014 and the three-year tour exemption that comes with it \u2014 sink in. He will play Monday in the 36-hole sectional United States Open qualifying. He said his caddie joked, \u201cWhy do we have to play extra holes when we\u2019re going to play 36 tomorrow?\u201d', u'A desire to compete in the men\u2019s second major of the year is what caused Lingmerth to discontinue playing in his homeland\u2019s signature event. It was too hard to qualify for the United States Open when he was crisscrossing continents.', u'\u201cIt is a little heartbreaking not to get to play in Sweden,\u201d Lingmerth said. \u201cBut, yeah, sometimes you have to make those decisions, and this year I\u2019m definitely happy I made this one.\u201d']), ([u'At Center of FIFA Scandal, a Divisive Politician in Jack Warner'], [u'PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad and Tobago \u2014 The prime minister of this Caribbean republic walked out of a session of Parliament on Friday, angrily chastising a fellow politician and former ally, Jack Warner, who finds himself and his two sons at the center of soccer\u2019s widespread corruption scandal.', u'\u201cHere we are now, a focus of the international world, not for the good and great things but because of the actions of one man,\u201d Kamla Persad-Bissessar, the prime minister of Trinidad and Tobago, admonished Mr. Warner in a confrontation that dominated the television news here Friday night and the front pages of Saturday\u2019s newspapers.', u'A onetime acting prime minister, as well as a former minister of national security and transportation, Mr. Warner, 72, is a polarizing populist, loved and loathed, a man about whom there appears to be no neutral opinion.', u'Four years ago, Mr. Warner lost his lofty position as a vice president of FIFA, soccer\u2019s world governing body, in a bribery scandal. Now he stands accused of racketeering by United States authorities, charged with, among other things, taking a $10 million payment to influence voting on South Africa to host the 2010 World Cup. He has denied any wrongdoing.', u'His sons, Daryan and Daryll Warner \u2014 both in their 40s, residents of the Miami area and said to be holders of advanced degrees \u2014 have pleaded guilty to related charges and have cooperated with the authorities.', u'There have been 14 soccer and sports marketing officials indicted and much financial duplicity alleged in what prosecutors are calling a $150 million corruption scandal. But perhaps nothing matches the Shakespearean theater of the Warner family: the drama of accused deceit, fraud and self-enrichment; the comedy intended and unintended; and the possibility that two sons have turned against their father or have agreed to take the fall to protect a beleaguered patriarch.', u'\u201cYou have to pinch yourself when you go to bed at night,\u201d said Brent Sancho, Trinidad\u2019s new sports minister and a 2006 World Cup participant who has long jousted with the elder Mr. Warner. \u201cYou think you\u2019re writing a fiction novel. It\u2019s hard to believe what transpired and for such a long period of time.\u201d', u'Jack Warner, as is his style, has been operatically defiant in proclaiming his innocence. He has suggested that he acted only according to FIFA\u2019s standard practices. He has threatened to release an \u201cavalanche\u201d of secrets about FIFA and its embattled president Sepp Blatter, who last week announced his intended resignation.', u'Mr. Warner has said, too, without proof so far, that he can somehow link FIFA to Trinidad\u2019s 2010 general election and that he has helped political leaders financially with his personal largess.', u'\u201cDo not take down this country to whatever place that you may be going to,\u201d Ms. Persad-Bissessar, the prime minister, said Friday, urging Mr. Warner to cooperate with the authorities so that Trinidad and Tobago could rescue its image from what she called \u201cshame and scandal.\u201d', u'Undeterred, Mr. Warner, who is an opposition member of Parliament and intends to run for prime minister, said, \u201cI will have the last laugh.\u201d', u'Neither Daryan nor Daryll Warner could be reached. Benjamin Brafman, the prominent New York lawyer representing Daryan Warner, declined to comment.', u'On July 15, 2013, Daryll Warner secretly pleaded guilty to wire fraud and illegal structuring of financial transactions to evade currency reporting transactions. The plea was related in part to mortgage fraud in the purchase in 2005-6 of a $990,000 condominium in Miami on behalf of himself and two family members.', u'On Oct. 18, 2013, Daryan Warner, then 45, entered federal court in Brooklyn, also to furtively plead guilty in the soccer investigation. As Mr. Warner began to address the court, he was interrupted by Judge William Kuntz of United States District Court, who offered his usual good-natured instruction to speak clearly.', u'\u201cTake your time,\u201d Judge Kuntz told Mr. Warner, according to an unsealed transcript of the hearing. \u201cTake a drink of water. Slowly and loudly. Channel your inner Lord Vader, not your inner Woody Allen, O.K.? That\u2019s what I say all the time.\u201d', u'Mr. Warner then pleaded guilty to wire fraud, money laundering and evading currency reporting requirements. The plea was made in connection with the illicit resale of tickets to the 2006 and 2010 World Cups for a substantial profit. Mr. Warner forfeited $1,177,843.95, part of the money he made on the 2006 tickets.', u'On May 27, Jack Warner was arrested in the billowing FIFA scandal as his sons\u2019 guilty pleas were made public. Intense speculation stirred here: Had the sons betrayed their father to seek leniency for themselves?', u'\u201cIt\u2019s hard to speculate,\u201d said Mr. Sancho, the sports minister. \u201cBut it seems they had a lot of talks with police. It seems they turned on him.\u201d', u'Others suggest the situation is more complicated. The elder Mr. Warner has said that he spoke with both of his sons on May 27 and knew they had been giving information to the authorities.', u'On Saturday morning, Mr. Warner declined to speak with a reporter at his office in the borough of Chaguanas. Indra Maraj, general secretary of the Independent Liberal Party, founded by Mr. Warner, said the family dynamic was a \u201cquestion for Mr. Warner and his sons.\u201d', u'Then she smiled. \u201cPeople will be surprised,\u201d she said.', u'The brothers, according to court documents, deposited more than $600,000 in various currencies in the second half of 2011 at banks from Miami to New York to Las Vegas, trying to avoid detection by making a pattern of deposits under the threshold of $10,000, above which banks must alert federal officials.', u'Once, Daryan Warner was asked for his driver\u2019s license after making a deposit of 7,500 euros \u2014 then above the reporting limit \u2014 at a Chase branch in New York. He asked for a return of 500 euros, reducing his deposit to $9,336.60, according to details of court documents first reported by The Financial Times, while Daryll Warner once inadvertently deposited $10,308.80 worth of euros.', u'The Internal Revenue Service investigated the deposits, and the Warner sons began cooperating with the authorities, pleading guilty in apparent hopes of reduced sentences.', u'Prosecutors have said they will recommend that Daryan Warner receive an ', u'. In Daryan Warner\u2019s guilty plea, the United States authorities noted that no criminal charges would be brought against him for his acknowledged participation in fraud and money laundering while \u201caiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe and/or kickback payment made by the South African bid committee\u201d in its attempt to host the 2010 World Cup.', u'(Law enforcement officials in Switzerland are investigating allegations of bribery pertaining to the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bids, which went to Russia and Qatar, respectively. ', u', the independent chairman of FIFA\u2019s audit and compliance committee, ', u' that those bids could be revoked if evidence emerges that shows they were tainted by bribes.)', u'South Africa sought unsuccessfully to host the 2006 World Cup before being named as the organizer of the 2010 World Cup. In the early 2000s, according to the indictment of Jack Warner, an unnamed relative of his flew to Paris, accepted \u201ca briefcase containing bundles of United States currency in $10,000 stacks in a hotel room\u201d from a high-ranking South African bid official, boarded a return flight and carried the briefcase back to Trinidad and Tobago and Mr. Warner.', u'Valentino Singh, sports editor of The Trinidad and Tobago Guardian newspaper and a biographer of Jack Warner\u2019s, described him as a man who \u201chas been loved and hated, had highs and lows,\u201d and was a kind of paradox, \u201calways moving from one extreme to the next.\u201d', u'\u201cThat is really a microcosm of Trinidad,\u201d Mr. Singh said. \u201cHe represents us.\u201d', u'As a caring father, Mr. Warner set his sons up in various businesses so that \u201cthey would be financially well off,\u201d Mr. Singh said. \u201cThey were set up, they are victims in this.\u201d', u'Whatever the true relationship between father and sons, said Shaka Hislop, a former Trinidad goalkeeper and a longtime critic of Jack Warner\u2019s, the federal investigation \u201cdesperately needed to happen sooner or later.\u201d', u'If Daryan and Daryll Warner were hardly known in the broader world of soccer, Jack Warner has made headlines in controversies since the 1980s. Once known by some as Teflon Jack, Mr. Warner began to feel charges of corruption stick in 2011.', u'As president of Concacaf, soccer\u2019s governing body for North America, Central America and the Caribbean, Mr. Warner presided over a region with 35 of the then-208 votes in the 2011 FIFA presidential election. As Mr. Blatter sought a fourth term, Mr. Warner supported Mohamed bin Hammam of Qatar.', u'At a meeting at the Hyatt Regency here in May 2011, Mr. Warner was accused of offering $40,000 apiece to Caribbean soccer officials on behalf of Mr. bin Hammam to influence the presidential voting. When one official complained, according to the federal indictment of Mr. Warner, he responded: \u201cThere are some people here who think they are more pious than thou. If you\u2019re pious, open a church, friends. Our business is our business.\u201d', u'But Mr. Warner had a falling out over the incident with his top lieutenant in Concacaf, Chuck Blazer of the United States. It was a costly rift. In June 2011, Mr. Warner resigned as a vice president of FIFA and president of Concacaf. Mr. Blazer would secretly plead guilty to federal corruption charges in 2013, admit that he took bribes to influence votes for the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, and cooperate with federal authorities.', u'When Mr. Warner resigned his soccer posts in 2011, Ms. Persad-Bissessar, Trinidad and Tobago\u2019s prime minister, stood by him, calling him a \u201cson of the soil.\u201d', u'In 2013, though, a report by Concacaf accused Mr. Warner of fraud and misappropriation of funds, including taking ownership of a $20-plus million athletic complex here. Facing charges of financial mismanagement, he resigned in April 2013 as Trinidad\u2019s minister of national security.', u'Two years later, when he was arrested on May 27, Mr. Warner spent a night in jail before posting bail. According to news accounts, he surrendered his passport and must report to the police twice a week. Interpol has put him on its wanted persons list.', u'Still, Mr. Warner, a former history teacher, has kept a pugilist\u2019s resolve. He made a television address called \u201cThe Gloves Are Off.\u201d He invoked Gandhi. He said he feared for his life. He promised to reveal soccer and political secrets, saying he could not stand silent against those \u201cwho now seek to actively destroy the country which I love.\u201d', u'Mr. Warner retains a fierce loyalty among his constituents, who describe him as a father figure ready to help the needy, an indefatigable advocate who can get things done. He was in his office by 5:30 a.m. Saturday and had greeted dozens of people by midmorning. Justin Paul Persad, 21, a clerical assistant to Mr. Warner, compared him to a dolphin.', u'\u201cHe never really sleeps,\u201d Mr. Persad said, \u201cand he\u2019s always finding ways to help his constituents.\u201d', u'Perhaps, though, Mr. Warner did not help his credibility when he recently insisted that the American investigation of soccer corruption stemmed from resentment over a failure by the United States to be named host of the 2022 World Cup. It was awarded amid much controversy to Qatar.', u'Seeking to prove his point, Mr. Warner ', u', whose headline suggested FIFA had assuaged the Americans with a replacement tournament: \u201cFIFA Frantically Announces 2015 Summer World Cup in the United States.\u201d', u'Mr. Warner apparently did not realize that the headline was satirical. His gaffe resulted in many laughs here and, taken with his political threats, brought more serious reflection. Roodal Moonilal, Trinidad\u2019s minister of housing and urban development, told reporters that Mr. Warner was \u201ca desperate man.\u201d', u'Lasana Liburd, an investigative reporter who has relentlessly pursued Mr. Warner, wrote on his website, ', u', that ', u'; he is trying to save himself.\u201d', u'\u201cAnd like a cornered cat,\u201d Mr. Liburd wrote, \u201che is doing his best impression of a lion.\u201d']), ([u'Mets\u2019 Bats Back Jacob deGrom in Win Over Diamondbacks'], [u'PHOENIX \u2014 ', u' hurried around the bases and straight for the dugout, his head down, as if he were worried the umpire would call his home run back. His manager, Terry Collins, greeted him with a firm and grateful handshake, and Granderson plopped down on the bench and let out a sigh.', u'For the ', u', scoring runs has lately felt something like free climbing Camelback Mountain here, a daunting and physically challenging task. Now with David Wright, Travis d\u2019Arnaud and Daniel Murphy out with injuries, the Mets have statistically one of the worst offenses in baseball.', u'On Sunday, they seemed to vent their frustration all at once, taking it out on the ball and Arizona starter Josh Collmenter. The Mets crushed four home runs off Collmenter, two by Granderson and one each from Wilmer Flores and Eric Campbell, and beat the ', u', ', u'.', u'Jacob deGrom, the Mets\u2019 starter, pitched brilliantly, but that has come to be expected. He threw seven innings, allowed two earned runs and struck out 10 batters to make sure the offense\u2019s effort stood up, improving to 7-4.', u'\u201cYou\u2019ve got to make some of these games easy,\u201d Collins said. \u201cYou can\u2019t live on the edge all the time. It makes it really, really hard for everybody to loosen up a little bit. We\u2019ll take it, and we\u2019ll go home.\u201d', u'The Mets now return to New York in sole possession of first place in the National League East, with a sliver more confidence in their ragged offense and with the comfort of knowing reinforcements are probably on the way. Collins indicated that d\u2019Arnaud, Dilson Herrera and Bobby Parnell might join the team within a week and that Vic Black was progressing, too.', u'The hitters, d\u2019Arnaud and Herrera, just have to play a few more rehabilitation games, mostly to regain their timing and form. For the pitchers, the recovery process is more complicated. Black is still searching for his command, and Parnell \u2014 about 14 months removed from Tommy John surgery \u2014 is still regaining his velocity.', u'During his last outing, on Saturday, Parnell\u2019s fastball was around 92 miles an hour, Collins said, down from 95. But Collins said that he was not concerned and that he expected Parnell\u2019s velocity to jump once he felt the adrenaline of pitching in the majors.', u'Easing Parnell back will take a delicate touch, though. His job, at first, will simply be to prove his elbow is sturdy. The Mets will test whether he can pitch on back-to-back days. They will monitor his workload, manage his rest and even be mindful of how often he warms up.', u'The Mets can afford to do that because Jeurys Familia has thrived in his new role as closer, recording 17 saves in 18 chances and earning Collins\u2019s trust.', u'More will be expected of d\u2019Arnaud and Herrera. The Mets have struggled to string together hits. Their base runners are stranded so often they almost look bored. One slump from Granderson, Michael Cuddyer or Lucas Duda seems enough to derail the entire offense.', u'\u201cWe don\u2019t need names,\u201d Collins said. \u201cWe need performance.\u201d', u'Referring to d\u2019Arnaud and Herrera, he added, \u201cWe can\u2019t go through a two-week spring training with them.\u201d', u'The Mets\u2019 four home runs cured their woes Sunday.', u'Granderson\u2019s average has hovered near .230 for much of the season. He had mostly blended in, when the Mets needed him to stand out. He had hit one home run in his last 19 games before he belted one to lead off the game and homered again in the fifth.', u'\u201cYou can\u2019t put all that weight on us,\u201d Cuddyer said of the veterans. \u201cYou can\u2019t try to hit a three-run home run with nobody on base. You can\u2019t have that mentality. You try to put together a good at-bat and hope everybody in line does the same.\u201d', u'Campbell followed suit, hitting a two-run homer. Just a few days ago, he had ended an 0-for-28 streak. He also had made a throwing error that led to a run. But the home run seemed to compensate for all that.', u'Flores takes so much scrutiny for his defense that hitting a home run seems to be the only way he can validate himself anymore. His solo shot in the sixth was his ninth, which placed him first among shortstops.', u'As Flores crossed the plate, Collins stood at the dugout entrance, clapping. He had been awaiting an outburst like this, and he appeared to be savoring it.']), ([u'A Map for Tiger Woods: Jack Nicklaus\u2019s Late Career'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014 The 39-year-old legend could not win a golf tournament for trying, giving rise to amateur diagnoses that the infirmities in his game were incurable. On Sunday, Jack Nicklaus remembered that 1979 season, the first winless year of his Hall of Fame career.', u'\u201cMy short game was so bad, I was putting around bunkers,\u201d Nicklaus said, adding, \u201cSometimes you have to step back and make an assessment of what\u2019s going on and start over.\u201d', u'As Nicklaus spoke, ', u' was on the course that Nicklaus built here at Muirfield Village, applying the finishing strokes to the worst 72-hole score of his professional career. A day after carding a 13-over-par 85 in the third round of the Memorial Tournament, Woods posted a 74 for a 14-over 302. His previous high score was a 298 at a 2010 World Golf Championships event a couple of hours up the interstate in Akron.', u'Through 54 holes, Woods was in last place, affording him the experience of playing Sunday as a single \u2014 a first for him in his career, he said. Like parents of a child whose confidence is flagging, the roughly 1,000 fans who rose early to accompany Woods on his front nine cheered lustily every time his drive found the fairway or his approach found the green.', u'\u201cThe crowds were awesome,\u201d said Woods, who completed 18 holes in 2 hours 51 minutes. \u201cTo come out this early and to have that many people support you like that, it was very special.\u201d', u'Woods, 39, showed his appreciation by doffing his cap often and mouthing \u201cThank you\u201d as he made his way from one hole to the next. A woman who said she was celebrating her 26th birthday slapped hands with Woods and broke into a happy dance.', u'A few fans expressed wonderment that Woods showed up at all. They said they halfway expected him to withdraw and slip out of town under the cover of night. They do not really know Woods at all.', u'Asked what he was playing for on Sunday, Woods said: \u201cJust trying to shoot under par. Just go out there and shoot the best score I possibly can. Just because I\u2019m in last place doesn\u2019t change how I play golf.\u201d', u'That mind-set has carried Woods to 79 PGA Tour victories, including 14 majors. His last victory came in Akron in August 2013. Since then, Jordan Spieth, 21, has won the Hero World Challenge \u2014 an unofficial tour event hosted by Woods \u2014 the Australian Open, the Valspar Championship and the Masters.', u'In that span, Rory McIlroy, 26, has won two majors, two World Golf Championships events, two European Tour titles and the Wells Fargo Championship. Patrick Reed, 24, has four victories, including a World Golf Championships event. And Rickie Fowler, also 26, has won the Players Championship. \u201cPeople say, \u2018What\u2019s wrong with Tiger?\u2019 but what people I don\u2019t think realize is the new generation of golfers is unbelievable,\u201d said Kerry Sweeney, a player from Eastern Florida State College who was one of five male collegians honored Sunday with the Nicklaus Award.', u'Sweeney, the National Junior College Athletic Association recipient, added: \u201cI\u2019m not taking anything away from Tiger; he\u2019s an awesome player, has an awesome r\xe9sum\xe9. But the people nowadays don\u2019t realize how great the golfers actually are in the real world.\u201d Maverick McNealy, the Division I award winner from Stanford, recalled a weekend visit to his campus last fall by Woods, who attended the school for two years before turning pro in the summer of 1996.', u'\u201cHe was incredibly generous,\u201d McNealy said of Woods, who spent 10 to 12 hours on the practice range during that weekend and mingled freely with the Stanford players.', u'By the end of each day\u2019s session, McNealy said, \u201cWe would all be standing around Tiger, who would lead a clinic. He\u2019d show us how he played different shots.\u201d', u'McNealy added: \u201cThe biggest realization for me was that Tiger didn\u2019t do anything magical. It wasn\u2019t anything different than anyone else was doing. He just did everything really, really well, really meticulously, and just did the little things better than everyone else.\u201d', u'After handing the collegians their trophies, the 75-year-old Nicklaus spent a few minutes talking about golf as a great teacher that confers lifelong lessons on sportsmanship and humility while continually testing character.', u'The game does not get easier with age. Priorities change, and often people\u2019s focus shifts, from fame and fortune to family. Woods is a divorced father with joint custody of his two young children. There is a reason he was at the Muirfield Village range until darkness fell one day last week, working on his swing until a blood blister formed on the inside of his left index finger. At home, much of his free time is spent entertaining his daughter and son.', u'In 1985, Nicklaus told The Columbus Citizen-Journal, \u201cLet\u2019s face it, it\u2019s tough for someone in his 40s to give up the things that are necessary in order to win.\u201d', u'At 46, Nicklaus won the 1986 Masters for his 18th major title. It was also his last PGA Tour victory. Nicklaus said that after 1979, \u201cI just sort of revamped my swing, revamped my short game and moved forward with a positive attitude. I hope that he does the same.\u201d', u'Nicklaus suggested Woods would be better off taking ownership of his swing and tinkering with it on his own instead of relying on a coach. If only it were as easy as handing Woods a candy bar and watching him morph after his first bite from a sphinx back into golf\u2019s American Pharoah.', u'\u201cThis is a lonely sport,\u201d Woods said. \u201cThe manager is not going to come in and bring the righty or the lefty. You\u2019ve just got to play through it. And that\u2019s one of the hardest things about the game of golf, and it\u2019s also one of the best things.\u201d']), ([u'Tempers Are Hot, but So Are the Yankees'], [u'Before their 6-2 win over the ', u' at Yankee Stadium on Sunday, ', u' players posed for pictures, many of them selfies, with season-ticket-holding fans.', u'That, perhaps, gave the players an opportunity to look at themselves and ponder their erratic season. They started it by losing six of their first nine games, followed that by winning 18 of their next 24, and then lost 10 of the next 11.', u'Now, though, it seems the winning has returned: The Yankees have won six straight for the first time since July 2013, and on Sunday they completed their second straight three-game sweep.', u'\u201cYou\u2019d like to have the highs go longer and the bads go shorter,\u201d Manager Joe Girardi said after the game. \u201cYou want more consistency, always.\u201d', u'If the Yankees have had a mix of good and bad, Sunday\u2019s starter, ', u', has been largely the latter. Entering Sunday, he was 2-7 with a 5.45 E.R.A. in 11 starts and had not won at home since Sept. 20, 2013.', u'Girardi said that Sabathia, 34, was a different pitcher from the one he was when he arrived in New York six years ago. Sabathia, who missed most of last season with a knee injury, used to have a fastball that could reach 97 miles per hour, but it has since fallen to the upper 80s and low 90s. He now relies more on location and movement.', u'\u201cThis is not a guy that we\u2019re going to throw 120 pitches anymore,\u201d Girardi said of Sabathia, a left-hander who threw 87 pitches Sunday.', u'The first inning, then, was not promising. Sabathia allowed back-to-back home runs by Mike Trout and Albert Pujols, and 11 pitches in, the Yankees trailed by 2-0.', u'The Angels, Yankees catcher John Ryan Murphy said, jumped on Sabathia\u2019s two-seam fastball in the first, so the two of them decided to emphasize the four-seamer for the rest of the game. Sabathia did not allow another run.', u'\u201cC. C. did a great job of staying aggressive, staying in the strike zone, not letting the first inning overwhelm him,\u201d Murphy said.', u'In Sabathia\u2019s previous outings, that might not have mattered much because of a lack of run support: In six of his 11 starts, the Yankees scored three or fewer runs. On Sunday, that was not a problem.', u'Chris Young led off the fifth inning with a solo home run, tying the game. After Murphy and Didi Gregorius singled, Brett Gardner lined a three-run shot over the right-field wall to give the Yankees a 5-2 lead. For insurance, Jose Pirela hit his first career home run in the seventh.', u'Sabathia was not in the dugout to watch. After inducing Kole Calhoun into an inning-ending double play in the sixth, Sabathia asked the home-plate umpire, Dan Bellino, about a pitch earlier in the inning, which Bellino had called a ball.', u'Sabathia thought Bellino had been calling the same pitch, which was low in the zone, a strike for most of the game, including the last pitch on a strikeout by Chase Headley.', u'\u201cHe said, \u2018It was down,\u2019 \u201d Sabathia said in the clubhouse. \u201cI said: \u2018It\u2019s not down. You just called it on Headley.\u2019 And that\u2019s when he threw me out.\u201d', u'After Sabathia was ejected, he stayed on the field, protesting angrily. Girardi then ran out of the dugout to defend his pitcher and was ejected as well. \u201cI turned my head and went to the dugout,\u201d Murphy said, \u201cand the next thing I know, Joe is jumping over the fence.\u201d', u'Murphy, who is 5 feet 11 inches and 205 pounds, tried to restrain Sabathia, who is 6-7 and 285. \u201cAfter I got tossed,\u201d Sabathia said, \u201cI just wanted to get my money\u2019s worth.\u201d', u'Speaking for Bellino after the game, Tom Hallion, the umpire crew chief, said, \u201cThe whole thing started with arguing balls and strikes.\u201d He did not elaborate.', u'Before the game, Girardi was asked whether Sabathia had demonstrated any conspicuous signs of frustration with his season.', u'\u201cNo,\u201d he said. \u201cOn the day that he pitches, yes, maybe. But when he comes to work every day, he\u2019s prepared, and he does what he needs to do to prepare. And C. C. has always been professional, a real competitor. And that\u2019s what he\u2019ll go out and do today.\u201d', u'Sabathia finished with six innings and the win, having allowed five hits and two runs. He struck out seven and walked one.', u'As for his spat with Bellino, he had a simple conclusion: \u201cI guess he didn\u2019t want me to ask him.\u201d']), ([u'After American Pharoah\u2019s Runaway, Pondering Whether to Quit While Ahead'], [u'Everyone knows there is no cheering in the press box, and crying is frowned upon as well. Both rules were violated as American Pharoah thundered down the stretch and into the record books, setting off a cathartic celebration at Belmont Park and beyond among those who appreciate racehorses.', u'American Pharoah is just the 12th ', u' champion and the first since Affirmed swept the ', u', the ', u' and the ', u' 37 years ago. It was a perfect moment that the sport had been longing for, and it was clear that the colt\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat; his trainer, Bob Baffert; and his jockey, Victor Espinoza, understood that.', u'In the wake of the achievement, Zayat and Baffert were gracious and insistent on deflecting attention away from themselves and onto American Pharoah.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s the one that won \u2014 it wasn\u2019t me,\u201d Baffert said, fighting back tears moments after the victory. \u201cIt was the horse.\u201d', u'In the postrace news conference, a giddy Espinoza continued to repeat what he had said shortly after crossing the finish line: \u201cWow! Just, wow!\u201d', u'So now what? On Sunday, American Pharoah was flown back to Louisville, Ky., to begin a well-earned vacation at Churchill Downs. The Ireland-based Coolmore has purchased the stallion rights for American Pharoah to stand at Ashford Stud in Kentucky, but Zayat said he intended to race his colt for at least the rest of the year.', u'\u201cIt is my genuine desire, as someone who loves horses, as a fan, to race him as long as I possibly could,\u201d he said. \u201cAt least \u2014 at least \u2014 until he finishes as a 3-year-old. I take this very responsibly. I think it\u2019s a huge, huge honor and privilege, and we owe it to the sport to do the right thing.\u201d', u'In the days and weeks ahead, there will be a great deal of talk about whether a new Triple Crown champion will give horse racing a badly needed shot in the arm.', u'It already has, and it will continue to do so in the short term. The news of American Pharoah\u2019s triumph resonated on websites and in newspapers globally, was celebrated on sports channels and network television, and was dissected and relived on radio talk shows.', u'It was not solely the fact that a Triple Crown sweep had been a long time coming that attracted the attention of casual sports fans \u2014 it was also how American Pharoah did it. He showed grit in a determined stretch duel to win the Derby, brilliance in running away with the Preakness and dominance in his five-and-a-half-length Belmont victory.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve never had a horse like that, and I\u2019ve never seen a horse run like that,\u201d Baffert said. \u201cEvery time he runs, he shows me something we\u2019ve never seen.\u201d', u'Even the most casual sports fan recognizes and is moved by sublime athletic achievement. During the past five weeks, American Pharoah has reminded them what an ethereal creature a thoroughbred is and how beautiful it is in full flight.', u'The reason that nearly four decades had passed, in which 12 other horses failed to pass the mile-and-a-half Test of the Champion, as the Belmont is known, is because it is hard. Five weeks, three long races and three different cities take a lot out of a horse. There are also fresh horses to face, first in Baltimore, then in New York.', u'In recent years, there has been talk of changing the Triple Crown format, leaving a month or even six weeks between races.', u'\u201cFor a while, I was starting to think maybe it\u2019s never going to happen,\u201d Baffert said. \u201cIt\u2019s changed, it\u2019s too tough \u2014 maybe it\u2019s the breed. It\u2019s not the breed. You just have to wait for these superior horses to come around. They don\u2019t come around that often.\u201d', u'Like it or not, horse racing is part of the American character. It predates baseball and is the only sport that was ever conducted out of the White House. In the early 1800s, President Andrew Jackson ran a stable from there.', u'It is on the decline mostly because of its own doing. Horse racing lacks uniform drug regulation and meaningful penalties for cheaters. The racetracks themselves treat their customers badly.', u'But when a John Henry or a Cigar, a Zenyatta or a ', u' comes along, America gets excited and wants to watch the horse run. American Pharoah is not going to save horse racing, but if he can attract new fans to the racetrack to watch him, some might fall for the sport.', u'It happens; I know.', u'So far, that seems to be the plan for American Pharoah, as long as he stays healthy. Baffert said he was looking at either the Haskell Invitational at Monmouth Park in New Jersey on Aug. 2 or the Jim Dandy Stakes in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., on Aug. 1 for the colt\u2019s next start. He also indicated that American Pharoah might try older horses for the first time in the Pacific Classic at Del Mar, near San Diego, on Aug. 22.', u'The $5 million Breeders\u2019 Cup Classic, this year at Keeneland in Lexington, Ky., on Oct. 31 seems like the most likely place for American Pharoah to end his career. It was first run in 1984, and if American Pharoah happened to win it, he would be something of a first.', u'How about sweeping horse racing\u2019s grand slam?', u'Baffert, too, feels beholden to show off his Triple Crown champion. But he also said that the health and the reputation of American Pharoah were his first responsibility.', u'He said he had seen horses return after contending for the Triple Crown and \u201cget beat, and I don\u2019t want to see that.\u201d', u'He added, \u201cI want to make sure that when you see him out there, you can feel good about it.\u201d', u'So do a lot of people.']), ([u'Amid the Mud and Straw, Workers on the Backstretch Savor a Special Day'], [u'At the distant edge of the horse-and-track village called Belmont Park, even the sparrows were excited. Their evening chatter all but shouted out the faint strains of \u201cNew York, New York,\u201d wafting over the stables and barns and ramshackle dorms where the horse people exist.', u'The brash melody signaled the approach of eight thoroughbreds to the post on Saturday for the 147th running of the ', u', including one contending to win the first ', u' in 37 years. From here, though, the crowd\u2019s lustful roar sounded like the hum of a neighbor\u2019s old air-conditioner.', u'This separating distance was fine with the grunts of Belmont, poorly paid and rarely seen, who had gathered to watch the historic race in the Recreation Hall. A squat place with worn plastic seats and a modest kitchen, it is where the hot walkers and the grooms, the exercise riders and the assistant trainers, come to eat, drink, bet, pray and talk to creatures able to talk back.', u'Patricio Gomez, 38, who had spent this morning like every morning, exercising horses until they glistened with exertion, had his money on Mubtaahij, a 10-to-1 shot. But in his heart, he allowed, he was pulling for American Pharoah, the Triple Crown contender.', u'Junior McFarlane, 49, a groom whose life is a blur of hay and feed and washing animals with soap and water, had himself a Coors Light and an allegiance to American Pharoah \u2014 though the lure of another possibility, another horse, was evident in his scanning eyes and hesitant voice.', u'And Cleveland Johnson, 64, an assistant trainer so battered from the vocation that one of his legs drags like an afterthought, had his little white betting slip in hand. He, too, was going with the favorite, and he explained why.', u'\u201cBack in the day, this was the king of sports,\u201d he said, putting English on the familiar reference to horse racing as the sport of kings. \u201cWe need it bad. The business is going down.\u201d', u'Yes, the horse people were joining the sparrows in cheering American Pharoah from that part of the 445-acre Belmont village called the backstretch, or the backside.', u'At the track so near and so far, 90,000 people celebrated in anticipation of horse racing history. The pageantry included women in hats that looked like exploded waterfowl; men in garish suits that on any other day would make them seem out of place and out of their minds; and glorious, sleek-brown animals strutting to the paddock.', u'People sipping mixed drinks in plastic cups before noon, once-a-year swells swanning into V.I.P. areas, novices trying to decipher the hieroglyphics of their tout sheets, a sun-dappled Saturday in June: the Belmont Stakes.', u'But the walk away from it all, through a mud-flecked tunnel, leads to the backstretch, a sprawl of low-slung stables and side streets, where Queens and Nassau County blend, and where the air hints of wet hay and manure. Here and there are Dumpsters bearing signs that say, \u201cStraw Only, No Garbage.\u201d', u'The walk continues, past small houses that serve as dorms, some well kept, others seeming on the brink of abandonment. Past soft, earthen paths the color of ash, marked with the prints of dances by horseshoe. Past cool, dark stables where the mysteries of human and horse meet.', u'The backstretch is a hierarchy. At the bottom are the hot walkers, who earn maybe $350 a week by cooling animals down after their workouts. Then come the grooms, who make about $500 a week doing just about everything: feeding, watering and bathing the horses, and keeping their stalls clean.', u'Above them are foremen, and assistant trainers, and trainers \u2014 and, somewhere in there, the exercise rider \u2014 with many also hoping for a customary 1 percent of a stable\u2019s earnings. \u201cBut good luck with that,\u201d one of them said.', u'In one barn, a few dozen yards from the Recreation Hall, a groom named Miguel Garcia, 41, raked the earth while four of his charges nibbled at netted bags of hay. He said that he shared a bedroom near Barn 24 and that he expected to be promoted soon to foreman, after almost 20 years as a groom.', u'He also confided that he was betting a couple of bucks on a horse named Frosted. \u201cI like American Pharoah,\u201d he whispered, peering out from a barn window. \u201cBut I like Frosted more.\u201d', u'Life hinges on the hope of something big coming along. Meanwhile, the people of the backstretch gravitate to the Recreation Hall, which is managed by Nick Caras, 56, the program director for the New York chapter of the Race Track Chaplaincy of America. Head-shaven and dynamic, he marks his time at Belmont not by the year, but by the horse: \u201cAffirmed,\u201d he said, referring to the last thoroughbred to win the Triple Crown. In other words: 1978.', u'The hall, he said, is where people far from their homes, whether Mexico or Louisiana, find community. There are pool tournaments and religious services and E.S.L. classes and movie nights. \u201cIt\u2019s just \u2014 something,\u201d he said.', u'Caras had planned to hang balloons in the colors of Belmont \u2014 green and white \u2014 but ran out of time. It might have been too much anyway, given that the concrete walls are painted green and white. Besides, the discarded white betting slips on the floor served as fallen confetti.', u'Outside the squat building, in the distance, came that steady, air-conditioner hum of anticipation from the grandstand.', u'Inside, though, the horse people were just as invested, and drinking and betting just as much. But drinking only beer, and betting only in increments of two, five, or maybe, maybe, 20 bucks.', u'Some gathered to watch the televisions in the kitchen area. Others sat in a side room where Mass is held on Sundays, and where the betting booths in the corner, manned by two clerks, look like a pair of confessionals at which supplicants might say: Father, forgive me, but give me 20 across the board on the three horse.', u'The start of the race approached.', u'The exercise rider Patricio Gomez, his black Chicago White Sox cap on backward, looked up at the television screens mounted on the wall. The groom Junior McFarlane, who had two of his horses race \u201cnot too well\u201d today, looked up as well. And the assistant trainer Cleveland Johnson looked up while leaning on a table. Had to, he said. One leg and both knees were shot from years of kneeling before horses in the cold earth.', u'The gates opened, and the Recreation Hall fell silent. Then, as American Pharoah seized the lead, the room stirred.', u'\u201cCome on!\u201d someone shouted.', u'\u201cHombre!\u201d said another.', u'And then, with a Triple Crown winner now in its midst, the backstretch cheered \u2014 Yahoo! Yes! Yip-yip-yip! \u2014 while outside that hum now sounded like the collective exhalation of Nassau and Queens.', u'McFarlane, smiling, left the Recreation Hall. Johnson, smiling, left too, dragging his foot. And Gomez, who lost his bet but won \u2014 \u201cIt is beautiful, you see?\u201d \u2014 took a final gulp of his beer before heading toward the door.', u'It was only 7 in the evening. But the people of the Belmont backstretch would be back before dawn, tending horses to the encouragement of sparrows.']), ([u'French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Defeats Novak Djokovic for Title'], [u'PARIS \u2014  A memorable ', u' men\u2019s final full of long rallies and bold strokes had just ended, and Gustavo Kuerten appeared on the red clay to hand out the trophies.', u'It seemed just the right time and place. Kuerten, the endearing Brazilian better known as Guga, is a reminder that the world\u2019s greatest clay-court tournament does not always follow the script. His victory in 1997 with a world ranking of 66 was a samba beat out of the blue, and this year\u2019s French Open had a big surprise ending in store as well.', u'It was supposed to be No. 1 seed ', u'\u2019s year, maybe even his destiny, to complete the career Grand Slam, and if any further confirmation was required, it came in the quarterfinals when he outclassed Rafael Nadal, the nine-time French Open champion, in straight sets.', u'But Stan Wawrinka had other plans and other weapons, and on Sunday he kept summoning the moxie and precision power required to bring the highflying Djokovic once more back to earth at the only Grand Slam tournament he has yet to win.', u'\u201cI played the match of my life,\u201d the eighth-seeded Wawrinka said after his 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 victory.', u'Wawrinka has played a lot of big-time matches in the last three seasons, winning the Davis Cup with Switzerland last November and the Australian Open in 2014. He beat Djokovic on his way to that title, winning an epic quarterfinal by 9-7 in the fifth set. He beat an ailing Nadal in the final.', u'\u201cI haven\u2019t heard it personally, but I can imagine that people are saying that Stan would never have won in Australia if Rafa was not getting hurt in the final,\u201d said Magnus Norman, Wawrinka\u2019s coach. \u201cNow this time no one can say anything.\u201d', u'Djokovic held a 17-3 lead over Wawrinka going into Sunday\u2019s final and had been a champion on a mission for the last eight months: sweeping to title after title with his improved serve, volleys and forehand.', u'But the crushed red brick surface of Roland Garros continues to turn into quicksand. Djokovic has now lost in the final here in 2012, 2014 and 2015 and four times in the semifinals.', u'With Nadal no longer untouchable, this was surely his year to become the eighth man to win all four major singles titles.', u'Instead, Wawrinka won his first French Open on his 11th attempt, making him the oldest men\u2019s champion here since Andreas Gomez, who was a slightly older 30-year-old when he upset Andre Agassi in 1990.', u'The Roland Garros crowd applauded Wawrinka warmly. A native French speaker, he has strong support here, even if he heard more than a few boos in the wake of last year\u2019s Davis Cup victory over France.', u'But above all, the crowd Sunday was sensitive to Djokovic\u2019s plight. Last year when he lost to Nadal, they cheered him at length during the awards ceremony. This year, the applause lasted significantly longer, and though Djokovic had held his emotions together until then, he began to tear up as the claps and roars simply did not stop.', u'He eventually turned to Wawrinka with the microphone in his hand. \u201cIt\u2019s not easy for me to speak right now, but I have to say that in life some things are more important than victories, and those are character and respect,\u201d Djokovic said. \u201cI have great respect for you Stan. You are a great champion with a big heart, and you deserve this title.\u201d', u'Many great modern men\u2019s players have never won the French Open, including Jimmy Connors, John McEnroe, Pete Sampras, Stefan Edberg and Djokovic\u2019s coach, Boris Becker.', u'\u201cI think people tend to create more of a story where it\u2019s just me, and it feels like I\u2019m the only player who wants to win the trophy, and nobody wants to win it as much as I do,\u201d Djokovic said. \u201cThis is completely untrue. Every single player who is here, especially the top players, wants to win this trophy as much as I do.\u201d', u'Wawrinka, long in Roger Federer\u2019s shadow at home in Switzerland, has now won two Grand Slam titles in the last two years to the 33-year-old Federer\u2019s none. They continue to have a brain trust in common, including the Swiss Davis Cup coach Severin Luethi and, perhaps most important in this grueling era, the physical trainer Pierre Paganini.', u'Both were in Wawrinka\u2019s box on Sunday, but Wawrinka dedicated his victory to Norman, the former Swedish star who lost to Kuerten in the 2000 final here and also had to watch his former pupil Robin Soderling lose twice in the French Open final.', u'\u201cThis one is for you,\u201d Wawrinka said to Norman. \u201cYou\u2019ve won it.\u201d', u'It was quite a Roland Garros turnaround for Team Wawrinka. He lost here in the first round last year. Though viewed as a marathon man, he won this year without having to go the full five-set distance.', u'Wawrinka routed Federer in straight sets in the quarterfinals, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in four in the semifinals, and saved his best for last, against Djokovic, the game\u2019s best closer this season.', u'But then Wawrinka did have the edge of an extra day\u2019s rest before the final. Djokovic\u2019s five-set semifinal victory over Andy Murray was contested over two days, finishing Saturday afternoon after being halted at 3-3 in the fourth on Friday evening.', u'With the margins at this level often so thin, that could well have made the difference, but Djokovic did not grab at the caveat (at least not with both hands).', u'\u201cI don\u2019t want to come up with an excuse, saying these two matches took a lot out of me, and I lost today,\u201d he said. \u201cI don\u2019t think that\u2019s fair to Stan. I don\u2019t think that\u2019s fair to sit here and whine about now what has happened.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cMaybe in some important moments, I didn\u2019t feel I had that explosivity in the legs, but look, in the end of the day, he was just a better player.\u201d', u'Wawrinka certainly was the bigger offensive threat, which was part of the game plan. With his big serve and enormous power off both wings, including his showstopping one-handed backhand, Wawrinka has the rare ability to break down Djokovic\u2019s world-class defenses.', u'Time and again, the elastic-limbed Djokovic hit a deep crosscourt shot that would usually have created a safe haven only to see Wawrinka lunge to his left or right and rip a forceful, fast-twitch shot down the line.', u'Wawrinka finished with 60 winners to Djokovic\u2019s 30 and only had four more unforced errors: 45 to 41. But those ratios did not define the match. The pressure points did, and the match turned for good with Djokovic serving at 4-5, 30-0 in the second set.', u'Wawrinka ripped a backhand pass winner that Djokovic greeted with a cheery thumbs up. Three points later, Djokovic was smashing his racket twice on the clay and receiving a code violation after losing the set.', u'Later, in one of the key games of the match, Wawrinka rallied from a 0-40 deficit on his own serve at 3-4 in the fourth set. He then broke Djokovic in the next game before serving out the title, saving a break point when Djokovic mistimed a forehand and then finishing it off on his second match point with a final cocksure backhand winner that landed on the line.', u'He and Djokovic soon embraced at the net, and Kuerten, the man who beat Norman in 2000, handed the trophy to a surprise champion.', u'\u201cStan told me this morning that he\u2019d try to get it back for me,\u201d Norman said, grinning.']), ([u'James Carries Cavs to OT Win Over Warriors, Evens NBA Finals'], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  The final buzzer sounded, and LeBron James wasn't done.", u'As fans filed out of the quieting arena, James grabbed the ball and spiked it with all his might. He flexed his arms and pounded his chest, letting out a roar that echoed from California to Cleveland.', u'James turned in a triple-double to remember, Matthew Dellavedova made the go-ahead free throws in overtime, and the Cavaliers overcame a fourth-quarter collapse to outlast the Golden State Warriors 95-93 on Sunday night to even the NBA Finals at a game apiece.', u"James finished with 39 points, 16 rebounds and 11 assists in 50 minutes, carrying Cleveland's depleted roster to victory on the NBA's toughest home floor. The Warriors had been 47-3 at ear-piercing Oracle Arena.", u'"I tried to give it all to my teammates. And they do a great job of giving it back to me. Total team effort," said James, who shot 11 of 35 from the floor and seemed to wear down as the game dragged on. "To be back in the same position we were in three days ago and to come back and even the series is big time."', u"It was the second straight overtime game, and one the Cavs never should've let happen.", u'Stephen Curry had a horrific shooting performance but converted the tying layup for the Warriors late in regulation. The MVP also put Golden State in front 93-92 on free throws with 29.5 seconds left in overtime.', u'Then, Draymond Green met James at the rim to block his left-handed layup, but the Cavs retained possession. After James Jones missed a 3-pointer, Dellavedova grabbed the rebound and was fouled.', u'"That\'s the classic thing you practice as a kid growing up," Dellavedova said. "I felt like I\'ve been in that situation a million times before."', u'Dellavedova made both to put Cleveland up with 10.1 seconds to play. Curry air-balled a jumper contested by Dellavedova, James got the rebound and hit one of two free throws with 4.4 seconds left.', u"After James made his free throw, Curry, without a timeout, raced up court and tried to pass ahead to Klay Thompson. But Iman Shumpert batted the ball away to seal the Cavs' win.", u'Game 3 is Tuesday night in Cleveland.', u"It was a pivotal point for the Cavs, who won their first finals game in franchise history. They were swept by the Spurs in their only other appearance in 2007, when James was just growing into the planet's best player.", u'Cleveland was staring at a major deficit again. Teams with a 2-0 lead have gone on to win 28 of 31 series.', u"Now that's one thing the Cavs won't have to overcome.", u'James is still left trying to carry Cleveland to its first championship in 51 years after Kyrie Irving fractured his left kneecap in Game 1. Irving had surgery in Cleveland on Saturday to join sidelined starters Kevin Love and Anderson Varejao, both of whom had already been lost for the season with injuries.', u'He got a little help this time.', u'Timofey Mozgov had 17 points and 11 rebounds but sat out a lot late in the fourth quarter and overtime when the Warriors went to a smaller lineup. J.R. Smith scored 13 points and Dellavedova had nine.', u"Cavs coach David Blatt went with the same lineup that won Games 2 and 3 of the Eastern Conference finals when Irving was out with an injured knee. He started Dellavedova in Irving's place, and the scrappy Australian corralled Curry as much as anybody has this season.", u'Curry scored 19 points and shot 5 of 23 from the floor, including 2 of 15 from 3-point range, and had six turnovers.', u'"Shots I normally make I knew as soon as they left my hand that they were off. That doesn\'t usually happen," Curry said. "Mechanically, I don\'t know if there is an explanation for it, just didn\'t have a rhythm and didn\'t find one the whole game."', u'Klay Thompson tried to pick up the backcourt slack, scoring 34 points. But the Warriors went 8 for 35 from long range and shot 39.8 percent overall.', u'The Cavs, who shot 32.2 percent, outrebounded the Warriors 55 to 45. It was the lowest shooting percentage for a winning team in the playoffs since at least 1984-85.', u'"It\'s the grit squad right now," James said. "If you expect us to play sexy cute basketball, that\'s not us right now. Everything is tough and it has to be that for rest of series."', u'James sat for just 52 seconds in the first half and got two quick breaks in the third quarter. He nearly had to stay on the sideline when Green hit him the face as drove hard for a layup in the fourth quarter.', u"James dropped to a knee near the baseline and walked gingerly to the bench, where he sat with his head down before returning to make both free throws. He seemed to deliver the dagger with a pull-up 3-pointer to extend the Cavs' lead to 83-72 with 3:13 to play in the fourth quarter. He stopped and turned to Cleveland's bench, taking out his mouthpiece and staring at the stunned and silent crowd.", u'But Golden State gave its fervent fans more reason to cheer.', u"Curry broke his 18-minute scoring drought with a 3-pointer during the Warriors' furious rally, which he finished with a tying finger-roll with 7.2 seconds remaining.", u"Cleveland called timeout, and got James the ball isolated on Andre Iguodala at the top of the key. James drove hard to his left and his layup rimmed out, and Tristan Thompson's tip missed to send the game to overtime.", u'"This is the finals. It\'s hard. It\'s supposed to be hard," Warriors coach Steve Kerr said. "We had a tough night. So you have to move on. You\'ve got to learn from it and get better, and that\'s what we\'re going to do."', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show an official NBA scoring change that James attempted 35, not 34 shots.', u'___']), ([u"Curry's Shot Goes Missing for Warriors in Game 2 Loss"], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Cleveland wasn't the only team missing a crucial component in Game 2 of the NBA Finals. While Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving was back in Ohio recovering from knee surgery, the Golden State Warriors have no idea where Stephen Curry's shot went.", u'The reigning MVP missed 18 of 23 shots, including an air ball with 4.4 seconds left in overtime that sent the Warriors to a 95-93 loss Sunday night that left the finals tied at a game apiece.', u'"Shots I normally make, I knew as soon as they left my hand that they were off," Curry said. "That doesn\'t usually happen. I mean, mechanically I don\'t know if there is an explanation for it, just didn\'t have a rhythm and didn\'t find one the whole game."', u'With Curry offering little help to fellow Splash Brother Klay Thompson, the Warriors head to Cleveland without home-court advantage and mired in what could be a tough series after many experts practically handed them the title when Irving was lost for the series after Game 1.', u'Thompson scored 34 points but the rest of the team shot just 34.5 percent as the Warriors lost for only the fourth time in 51 home games this season.', u'"Our offense was horrible," forward Draymond Green said. "I think we did a really good job on defense. But we were really, really bad offensively. It\'s hard to win when you can\'t score and we struggled to score tonight."', u'Curry was the biggest culprit as he was just 2 for 15 from 3-point range and failed to deliver in the closing seconds of overtime. With Cleveland leading 94-93, Curry shot the air ball over Matthew Dellavedova.', u'After LeBron James made one of two foul shots, Curry threw a bad pass to Thompson and the Cavaliers left with the win.', u'"I doubt this will happen again, with the adjustments I\'ll make once I\'ll look at the film," Curry said. "One game is not going to make me stop shooting or alter my confidence at all."', u"Curry finished with 19 points and did make the tying layup with 7.2 seconds left in regulation but that wasn't enough for Golden State.", u'After swishing his trademark warmup shot from the tunnel on his first try before the game, Curry struggled to make just about anything once the game started.', u'He was just 1 for 6 in the opening quarter, with the only make coming on a beautiful reverse. But he missed three attempts from long range in what would prove to be an omen for the night.', u'"Early in the game I thought I was a little hesitant when I had an open shot, kind of pausing for a second and then trying to raise up and shoot it, and you just don\'t get a rhythm that way," he said.', u'He went more than 18 minutes without scoring a single point in one stretch starting early in the third quarter. He missed two shots on one possession, a jumper and then a 3-pointer from his favorite spot in the left corner. Curry had made 13 of 14 from that spot coming into the game this postseason.', u'"So sometimes the ball doesn\'t bounce your way, it doesn\'t go in, it\'s fine. You keep playing," coach Steve Kerr said. "I\'ve seen it with everybody. I\'ve seen it with Michael Jordan, Tim Duncan. It doesn\'t matter who you are. Nobody is immune from a tough night."', u"He finally broke the drought with a 3-pointer with less than 3 minutes remaining in the fourth and added two free throws the next possession to cut Cleveland's lead to 85-80.", u"Curry wasn't alone with a rough offensive night for the Warriors. No other player besides Curry and Thompson reached double figures and Marreese Speights even missed a breakaway dunk in the closing seconds of the third quarter.", u'Besides Thompson, the best shooter in a Warriors shirt might have been the fan who made a halfcourt shot to win a BMW during an in-game contest.']), ([u"Boca Back to Winning Ways With Rout of Newell's Old Boys"], [u'BUENOS AIRES \u2014  Boca Juniors returned to winning ways with a crushing 4-0 home victory over Newell\u2019s Old Boys in the Argentine championship on Sunday, though none of their fans were there to see it.', u'Boca, playing at an empty La Bombonera for a second time as punishment for crowd violence at their Libertadores Cup tie with arch-rivals River Plate last month, broke a run of two league defeats and stayed second with the win.', u'They have 31 points from 15 matches at the halfway point in the championship, which now shuts down for a month for the Copa America in Chile. The tournament kicks off on Friday.', u'\u201cThe win is good for our spirits,\u201d said Boca coach Rodolfo Arruabarrena. \u201cI liked the team ... we have 33 players in the squad and the kids who played responded well.\u201d', u'Central defender Daniel Diaz gave Boca the lead in the fifth minute with a free kick in a line-up missing midfield pair Fernando Gago and Nicolas Lodeiro, who are both on international duty with Argentina and Uruguay.', u'Dani Osvaldo was also missing after being absent from training all week due to a personal issue.', u'The striker may have played his last game for Boca since his loan spell from Southampton ends on June 30, though the club have said they want to try to keep him.', u'San Lorenzo lead the standings by one point after being held 0-0 by Belgrano on Saturday.', u'River, with 28 points from 13 matches, are playing at Olimpo in Sunday\u2019s late match and could go top before the championship resumes as they have a game in hand at Tigre that could be played during the recess.', u'Racing Club are two points behind San Lorenzo after beating Velez Sarsfield 3-1 at El Cilindro, where Diego Milito had a penalty saved but rounded off the win with a brilliant solo goal near the end.', u'(Writing by Rex Gowar; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Astros Calling Up Top Prospect Carlos Correa'], [u'HOUSTON \u2014  The Houston Astros are calling up top prospect Carlos Correa, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2012 draft.', u'The team announced Sunday night that Correa will join the Astros in Chicago on Monday, in time for the opener of a three-game series against the White Sox. Correa was with Triple-A Fresno after beginning the season with Double-A Corpus Christi, and was hitting a combined .335 with 10 home runs, 44 RBIs and 21 doubles with 18 stolen bases.', u'The Astros have also optioned right-hander Jake Buchanan to Fresno, and a subsequent move to the 40-man roster will be made Monday.', u'At 20, Correa will be the youngest player in the majors. He was drafted out of the Puerto Rico Baseball Academy when he was 17.']), ([u'Team by Team Analysis of Canadian Grand Prix'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Team by team analysis of Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix (listed in current championship order):", u'- - - -', u'MERCEDES (Lewis Hamilton 1, Nico Rosberg 2)', u"Hamilton's fourth win of the season, fourth in Canada and 37th of his career. He started on pole for the sixth time in seven races and now leads Rosberg by 17 points. The one-two was Mercedes's fourth of the season and 20th in F1.", u'-', u'FERRARI (Kimi Raikkonen 4, Sebastian Vettel 5)', u'Raikkonen started third and missed out on the podium, spinning at the hairpin. The team changed his strategy from one stop to two. Vettel made up 13 places from his grid position but finished off the podium for only the second time this year.', u'-', u'WILLIAMS (Valtteri Bottas 3, Felipe Massa 6)', u'Bottas became the first driver from outside Mercedes or Ferrari to finish on the podium this season. Massa drove a strong race from 15th on the grid.', u'-', u'RED BULL (Daniil Kvyat 9, Daniel Ricciardo 13)', u'Red Bull slipped further behind Williams with a performance that equalled their worst of the season. Kvyat started eighth, Ricciardo, who won last year, ninth and struggled for pace.', u'-', u'LOTUS (Pastor Maldonado 7, Romain Grosjean 10)', u"Lotus moved up to fifth. Maldonado scored his first points of the year with his best result since 2012 and Grosjean made it a double haul despite tangling late on with Manor's Stevens and collecting a five second post-race time penalty as well as having to pit. The Frenchman had started fifth.", u'-', u'SAUBER (Marcus Ericsson 14, Felipe Nasr 16)', u'Ericsson was classified 14th but had to stop his car on track with a fuel problem. Nasr suffered an intermittent loss of power and overheating brakes.', u'-', u'FORCE INDIA (Nico Hulkenberg 8, Sergio Perez 11)', u'Hulkenberg now heads to Le Mans for his 24 Hours debut after only his second scoring finish of the season. The German came out worse in a battle with Vettel, spinning off before resuming. Both were fighting the Red Bulls for position.', u'-', u'TORO ROSSO (Carlos Sainz 12, Max Verstappen 15)', u"Verstappen had a 15-place grid penalty and 10-second 'stop go' at his first stop as a result of his crash in Monaco and exceeding his engine allocation. Sainz lost one place from his grid start in a race he had expected to be hard.", u'-', u'MCLAREN (Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button retired)', u'Third successive retirement for Alonso and still no points for the Spaniard. Both cars retired with unrelated exhaust problems. Button had started last after failing to take part in qualifying due to engine problems.', u'-', u'MANOR MARUSSIA (Will Stevens 17, Roberto Merhi retired)', u"Merhi suffered the team's first retirement after a broken drive shaft. Stevens collided with Grosjean as the Frenchman passed him, snapping the Manor's front wing in two.", u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Affirmed\u2019s Owner and Jockey Share in a Celebration, 37 Years After Their Own'], [u'In the crazy euphoria of a historic racing moment, Patrice Wolfson stood in her box at Belmont Park on Saturday evening, soaking up the emotion and, like the rest of us, trying to digest what had just happened: ', u', dominating almost from the start, had become the ', u' to win the ', u'.', u'The last thoroughbred to do it had been Wolfson\u2019s gem of a horse, Affirmed, in 1978.', u'As American Pharoah opened up an insurmountable lead in the ', u', celebrations erupted everywhere.', u'\u201cI was so happy,\u201d Wolfson said before pausing midsentence to glance over as security, seeming to appear from nowhere, cleared a path for Bill Clinton to leave the box.', u'After Clinton left and relative calm was restored, Wolfson completed her thought about the history that had just unfolded.', u'\u201cThe fans got what they wanted; we\u2019ve all waited 37 years for this,\u201d she said. \u201cI never thought it would take so long.\u201d', u'When Wolfson left the track in 1978, she never imagined that not until three-plus decades and five presidents later would she see another Triple Crown.', u'I asked Wolfson how long it had taken for the reality of winning a Triple Crown to settle in. She smiled. \u201cIt hasn\u2019t to this day,\u201d she said. \u201cIt was such a feat, such an achievement.\u201d', u'I asked how she would like to see American Pharoah\u2019s owners use the horse\u2019s newfound status.', u'\u201cI would hope he would run as a 4-year-old,\u201d she said. \u201cLet\u2019s hope.\u201d', u'(Asked about the horse\u2019s future, the owner ', u' said, \u201cHe will probably retire at the end of this year.\u201d)', u'As Wolfson walked into the trustees\u2019 room, she went over to the table where the former jockey Steve Cauthen was seated.', u'In 1978, Cauthen was the 18-year-old wonder who rode Affirmed to victory over Alydar in the ', u', the ', u' and the Belmont.', u'Cauthen, obviously, has paid close attention to the army of talented Triple Crown hopefuls who have come to Belmont with aspirations of making history only to fall short.', u'\u201cThey faded for whatever reasons,\u201d he said. \u201c', u' had an off day; I\u2019ll Have Another didn\u2019t make it to the race; a couple of them just got caught in the last furlong because they ran out of stamina.\u201d', u'American Pharoah never wavered, never faltered.', u'Cauthen said he had listened carefully to how the veteran trainer Bob Baffert spoke about American Pharoah. From those comments, Cauthen felt that Baffert, who has had his share of heartbreak at Belmont, sensed he had a horse who had the key to the Triple Crown lock.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s had a lot of great horses, but he talked about this one like he\u2019s in a different league than even the other great horses he\u2019s had,\u201d Cauthen said. \u201cYou could just tell that he held this horse in a higher esteem.\u201d', u'I\u2019m always intrigued by the reactions of great athletes who see their accomplishments and long-held records challenged, matched or broken. When Barry Bonds broke Hank Aaron\u2019s career home run record, Aaron was gracious, noting that records were made to be broken.', u'I asked Cauthen how he felt about watching the winning jockey, ', u', move into the historic station Cauthen had occupied for 37 years.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s been a great ride,\u201d he said. \u201cI wasn\u2019t expecting it to last this long. All that it did was prove how tough it is to do.\u201d', u'Cauthen said he had never rooted against a horse going for a Triple Crown.', u'\u201cBut I wanted a good horse to do it, and today that happened,\u201d he said.', u'After years of going to Belmont, anticipating a Triple Crown winner only to leave without seeing history made, I wondered how I\u2019d react if the feat were achieved on my watch. Or if it would ever be.', u'We all found out shortly after 6:50 p.m. Saturday when a 3-year-old colt, a 43-year-old jockey and a 62-year-old trainer raced into history. In the process, they offered the strongest argument yet against changing the Triple Crown format.', u'Some reporters discreetly applauded, some slapped high-fives and one or two even cried as they wrote their stories.', u'I had become convinced that the Triple Crown, like Joe DiMaggio\u2019s 56-game hitting streak and Wilt Chamberlain\u2019s 100-point game, was something we would never see again.', u'Those elusive milestones remain the lure of sports. For all of the darkness \u2014 the back-room corruption, the misconduct, the entitlement \u2014 moments like these are what we dream of but can never predict.', u'Racing still has its dark side, though: In the fourth race on Saturday, the colt Helwan was euthanized on the track.', u'After Cauthen won in 1978, he looked back on the relatively short intervals between Triple Crown victories and thought the feat might have become too easy.', u'Wolfson walked away from the Belmont in 1978 with no idea that she would be the reigning Triple Crown-winning owner for the next 37 years.', u'On Saturday, I asked Wolfson how she felt about being replaced, or at the very least joined, in history by Zayat.', u'Wolfson smiled and reminded me that Affirmed\u2019s place in history was etched in stone.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s still the 11th winner of the Triple Crown,\u201d she said. \u201cIt\u2019s just another person being added to the club, and it\u2019s an exclusive club.\u201d']), ([u'Golf Capsules'], [u"DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  David Lingmerth didn't crack over the final two hours Sunday at the Memorial, outlasting Justin Rose with a par on the third playoff hole at Muirfield Village to win for the first time on the PGA Tour.", u'Showing great resolve and little emotion, Lingmerth gave a soft fist pump when his putt just inside 5 feet on the 10th green dropped. He earned every bit of that handshake with tournament host Jack Nicklaus.', u'"I can\'t believe it," the 27-year-old Swede said. "I\'m so happy right now I don\'t know where to go."', u"He'll be going to the Masters next year for the first time \u2014 but not the ", u' in two weeks. Lingmerth moves to No. 71 in the world and still has to qualify Monday.', u'It was the longest playoff in 40 years of the Memorial, and it could have ended much earlier \u2014 or been avoided \u2014 if not for so many clutch moments.', u'Rose overcame a shank from a bunker on the 18th hole in regulation and hit a 55-yard pitch out of deep rough to 3 feet to save par for an even-par 72 to force the playoff at 15 under. On the 18th in the playoff, Rose holed a 20-foot par putt that went in from the right side of the cup. That looked as if it might be a winner until Lingmerth calmly sank a 10-foot putt to match his par.', u'On the 18th on the second extra hole, Lingmerth got up-and-down from a bunker.', u'It ended on the 10th hole when Rose when into deep rough, hit a fairway metal into the gallery, chipped 18 feet by the hole and missed his par putt. Lingmerth two-putted from 45 feet.', u'Lingmerth closed with a 69.', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth closed with a 65 and wound up two shots behind in a tie for third with Francesco Molinari of Italy, who was tied for the lead until hitting into the water on the 16th for a double bogey. He shot 71.', u'Tiger Woods showed improvement \u2014 it was hard not to after a career-worst 85 on Saturday. He shot 74 and finished last, 29 shots behind, with his worst 72-hole score (302) in his PGA Tour career.', u'MANULIFE LPGA CLASSIC', u'CAMBRIDGE, Ontario (AP) \u2014 Suzann Pettersen birdied two of the last three holes to win the Manulife LPGA Classic for her 15th LPGA Tour victory and first since October 2013.', u'Pettersen closed with a 3-under 69 in windy conditions for a one-stroke victory over Brittany Lang at Whistle Bear Golf Club, the first-year venue after three seasons at Grey Silo in Waterloo.', u'Pettersen blasted out of a greenside bunker to 2 feet on the par-5 16th to set up a birdie that tied Lang for the lead, then hit a 5-iron to 8 feet for another birdie on the 191-yard, par-3 17th. The 34-year-old Norwegian parred the par-4 18th, hitting her long first putt to a foot.', u'Pettersen finished at 22-under 266. She ended a 35-event victory drought and is projected to jump from 10th to fifth in the world ranking.', u'Lang, the winner of the inaugural tournament in 2012 at Grey Silo, finished with a 65. She birdied Nos. 15-17 and closed with a par.', u"Colombia's Mariajo Uribe was third at 18 under after a 72. Cristie Kerr bogeyed the final four holes for a 73 to drop into a tie for fourth at 16 under.", u'PRINCIPAL CHARITY CLASSIC', u'DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Mark Calcavecchia won the Principal Charity Classic for his third Champions Tour title, shooting a 3-under 69 for a one-stroke victory over Joe Durant and Brian Henninger.', u'Calcavecchia never trailed during the final round at the Wakonda Club. The 13-time PGA Tour winner finished at 12-under 204.', u"Calcavecchia is coming off a serious hand injury. On Thanksgiving, Calcavecchia stumbled at his brother-in-law's house and his right hand went through two panes of glass, slashing a tendon and leaving a finger dangling. He had surgery in early December and couldn't swing a club for three months.", u'Durant shot a 69, missing a long birdie putt on the 18th hole. Henninger had a 68.', u'Rod Spittle was fourth at 10 under after a 68.', u'Davis Love III had a 68 to top the group at 9 under. He was making his fourth Champions Tour start since turning 50 in April 2014.', u'NORDEA MASTERS', u"MALMO, Sweden (AP) \u2014 Sweden's Alexander Noren won his second Nordea Masters title, closing with a 1-under 71 for a four-stroke victory over Denmark's Soren Kjeldsen.", u"Noreen finished at 12-under 276 on PGA Sweden National's Lakes Course for his fourth career European Tour victory. He also won the 2011 tournament at Bro Hof Slott.", u"Kjeldsen, the Irish Open winner last week, also closed with a 71. Sweden's Henrik Stenson, the top-ranked player in the field at No. 4, had a 74 to tie for 13th at 4 under.", u'GREATER DALLAS OPEN', u'LEWISVILLE, Texas (AP) \u2014 Tyler Aldridge won the inaugural Greater Dallas Open for his first Web.com Tour title, closing with a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory.', u'The 30-year-old Aldridge, a former Boise State player from Caldwell, Idaho, finished at 23-under 265 at The Lakes at Castle Hills. He earned $90,000.', u'Lucas Lee and Gregory Yates tied for second. Lee had a 65, and Yates shot 66.', u'Aldridge won in his 57th start on the tour. He opened with a 67 and shot consecutive 65s the next two days to take a two-stroke lead into the final round.', u'FIREKEEPERS CASINO HOTEL CHAMPIONSHIP', u'BATTLE CREEK, Mich. (AP) \u2014 Madeleine Sheils won the FireKeepers Casino Hotel Championship by two strokes for her first Symetra Tour title.', u'Sheils birdied two of the last four holes for a 4-under 68 and a 10-under 206 total at Battle Creek Country Club. The 25-year-old former Nebraska player from Boise, Idaho, earned $15,000 to jump from 24th to 10th on the money list with $26,356. The final top 10 on the money list will earn 2016 LPGA Tour cards.', u'Lindy Duncan and Katelyn Sepmoree tied for second. Duncan finished with a 68, and Sepmoree had a 71.']), ([u'IMSA Says Injured Worker From Belle Isle Out of Hospital'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  The International Motorsports Association says it has been informed that a safety worker injured in a race May 30 at Belle Isle has been released from the hospital.', u'IMSA spokesman David Higdon said Sunday the worker has been discharged and returned home. The IMSA previously said the worker had broken ribs, a collapsed lung and injuries to his spleen and kidney.', u'Several cars were involved in an accident scene at the end of the TUDOR United SportsCar Championship race, including one car that crashed into a safety truck that was on the track. One safety worker was evaluated and released from the infield care center, and another was hospitalized.', u'The IMSA says it launched a review in collaboration with the Detroit Grand Prix to determine what happened.']), ([u'A Triumph of Racing, and Broadcasting, That Was Worth the Wait'], [u'The prerace programming for the ', u' on Saturday on ', u' lasted nearly two and a half hours. Despite the quality of the broadcast, it felt too long, but perhaps that was appropriate given the 37-year wait for a ', u' winner.', u'The coverage was balanced enough so that if American Pharoah did not win, the Triple Crown spoiler would not have been a near stranger, as had been the case on previous broadcasts when networks presumed that viewers cared only about the Triple Crown hopeful.', u'Jerry Bailey, the jockey turned analyst, predicted without reservation that American Pharoah would win (\u201cHe might actually be peaking,\u201d he said), rejecting the conventional wisdom about the rigors of the mile-and-a-half race and a field of rested rivals. Randy Moss, another analyst, was less certain, wary of the history of Triple Crown misses.', u'\u201cBut maybe he\u2019ll blow our socks off,\u201d Moss said, predicting a win.', u'When the horses were loaded into the starting gate, I felt relief. Those seconds before the race had begun to feel a bit like the moments before the first pitch in Game 4 of the 2004 World Series. Yes, the Red Sox were ahead, three games to none, on the way to winning their first championship in 86 years. But they could have lost \u2014 they could have been swept in the next four games by the St. Louis Cardinals. American Pharoah had won the ', u' and the ', u' and was a 3-5 favorite to become the first Triple Crown winner in 37 years.', u'But he could have lost.', u'At nearly 7 p.m. Eastern, Larry Collmus, NBC\u2019s race caller, said: \u201cAll eyes on Stall No. 5. Is today the day? Is he the one?\u201d', u'When the race began, Collmus noted American Pharoah\u2019s imperfect departure from the gate but quick move to the lead. Collmus\u2019s narrative was clean and fervent, his voice rising as the field headed to the final turn.', u'He told me recently that he was planning what he might say \u2014 a \u201crehearsed ad-lib,\u201d he called it \u2014 if American Pharoah were victorious. Perhaps he used some of what he had jotted down, perhaps not. What he did say, as the horse headed to his triumph, was worthy and memorable: \u201cAmerican Pharoah makes his run for glory as they come into the final furlong.\u201d And then: \u201cAnd here it is; the 37-year wait is over. American Pharoah is finally the one. American Pharoah has won the Triple Crown!\u201d (I thought of Tom Durkin, who called eight races where the Triple Crown was at stake, but no victories, before retiring last year.)', u'NBC\u2019s cameras did not miss anything from angles behind, above, to the side of and in front of the field of eight horses. And as soon as American Pharoah crossed the finish line, NBC quickly cut to a lovely reaction shot of American Pharoah\u2019s trainer, Bob Baffert, and Baffert\u2019s wife, Jill.', u' How effective can a horse be as a corporate spokesman? American Pharoah will be in that position for as long as his fame continues. He cannot sign his name to T-shirts or to souvenir shoes. And of course, he cannot talk about the glories of a sponsor.', u'But let us assume that he and his team have a brand worth exploiting. We saw some of that come to life Saturday. The pants legs of his jockey, Victor Espinoza, bore the name of Wheels Up, a private aviation company. At the trophy presentation ceremony, Espinoza wore a cap bearing the name of another sponsor, the energy drink maker Monster, while the horse\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat, donned a Wheels Up cap.', u'Nothing, fortunately, was written in henna on the horse\u2019s body to promote, say, an offshore gambling website.', u'On the Steiner Sports website, the Triple Crown Collection was being advertised. As part of Steiner\u2019s deal with Espinoza, the site is taking orders for signed and framed photos of Espinoza; some will come with a disk of dirt from the Belmont Park track, said Brandon Steiner, who runs the memorabilia company.', u'Steiner, who has had deals to scoop up dirt at stadiums and ballparks around the country for years, said he planned to collect two buckets\u2019 worth at Belmont on Monday.', u'Steiner has signings planned for Espinoza and said he also had a deal with Baffert. But so far, Steiner has not added the horse to a stable of athletes that includes Derek Jeter and many Yankees.', u'\u201cI know this sounds crazy,\u201d Steiner said by telephone from a wedding. \u201cBut I\u2019d like to find a place big enough so that we can have the horse there so people can meet him and take pictures.\u201d', u'He might have to rule out the 92nd\xa0Street Y in Manhattan, a favorite place that he uses to stage events with his clients. But to sign American Pharoah, to make him a peer with Jeter, Steiner will have to meet with the Leverage Agency, the horse\u2019s marketer.']), ([u"Argentina's Men, Colombian Women Win Olympic Berths"], [u"BUENOS AIRES \u2014  Argentina crushed Uruguay 45-0 on Sunday to secure their place in the men's rugby sevens competition at next year\u2019s Rio Olympic Games.", u'Argentina were unbeaten in the South American qualifying tournament, played in the northern Argentine city of Santa Fe.', u'Only Chile, who with Uruguay earned a spot in a final men\u2019s qualifying tournament, troubled them in their six matches before the hosts ran out 17-10 winners on Friday.', u"\u201cWe came here to achieve this and we\u2019re very happy,\u201d Argentina's Franco Sabato, who scored two tries against Uruguay, was quoted as saying by the Argentine Rugby Union.", u'\u201cWe knew Uruguay would give us a tough match but we had faith in our game.\u201d', u'Colombia\u2019s women won all seven of their matches to book their place at the Rio Games, where rugby is making an Olympic comeback after 92 years.', u'Argentina and Venezuela qualified for the final women\u2019s qualifying tournament. Brazil\u2019s men\u2019s and women\u2019s team qualified as hosts.', u'(Writing by Rex Gowar in London; Editing by Peter Rutherford)']), ([u"Alonso Vents Frustration With 'Amateur' Jibe"], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Fernando Alonso warned McLaren they were making him look like an amateur after another dismal afternoon at the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday.', u'After being told over the car radio by his race engineer to save fuel after just 24 of the 70 scheduled laps, the Spaniard expressed his dismay by exclaiming: "I don\'t want. I don\'t want".', u'"We\'re going to have big problems later if we don\'t," the double world champion was informed in return.', u'"Already I have big problems now. Driving with this, looking like amateur. So I race and then I concentrate on the fuel," Alonso replied.', u'The Spaniard, who left Ferrari at the end of 2014, has yet to score a point in seven races this season as McLaren struggles to get to grips with a misfiring Honda power unit.', u"Neither he nor team mate Jenson Button finished Sunday's race at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, with both retiring with exhaust problems.", u"The retirement was Alonso's third in a row, something he has not suffered since he raced for now-defunct Minardi back in his 2001 debut season.", u'Button had started last, with an additional drive-through penalty, after engine problems prevented him from taking part in qualifying.', u"While Button showed his frustration after last month's Spanish Grand Prix, but then finished eighth in Monaco, Alonso has been resolutely on-message so far despite his passionate  reputation.", u'Alonso later explained that it had been just a simple disagreement.', u'"You are fighting and then you get to a group of cars where some people catch you and they are faster than you," he explained. "You look like an amateur driver and that\'s not good.', u'"We know we are not super-competitive, that we need to improve reliability. There are many things to do in our case. The weekend has provided us with some lessons to improve things. It was not easy here in Canada."', u'Racing director Eric Boullier played down the remarks.', u'"I saw him after the race and he was okay," he told reporters.', u'"It is easy to understand, you want to race and you have to save tyres and fuel and then you go into another territory. The  more you save, the less you charge the batteries so then you have a problem, then your tyres cool down and it is a mess."', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Bottas Puts Williams Back on the Podium'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Valtteri Bottas ended the Mercedes and Ferrari stranglehold on the Formula One podium and looked forward to more of the same after his third place for Williams in Canada on Sunday.', u'"I think we really needed this result," said the Finn after taking the chequered flag at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve some 40 seconds behind the Mercedes of world champion and race winner Lewis Hamilton.', u'"Like last year we saw that it really boosts confidence. We know again now that we are a top team and that we can fight for podiums."', u"Until Sunday, the only four drivers to stand on the podium in six races this year were Hamilton, his German team mate Nico Rosberg and Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen.", u'Bottas, who had started the race in fourth place, moved up to third when Raikkonen spun after a pitstop.', u'"The mistake Kimi made allowed us to get one position and we also changed the plan with the strategy during the race, which I thought was really dynamic," said the Williams driver, whose Mercedes-powered team finished last year third overall.', u'"I think the next couple of tracks, at least, will be pretty good for us. Austria, Silverstone, I think they will suit our car and I\u2019m quite confident also with the package we have coming to Austria," he said.', u'"If it works like all the updates so far we\u2019ve had, I think it should be a very good step and then possibly we could be fighting for many more podiums. I really hope it\u2019s possible."', u'Former champions Williams are currently third overall, 50 points clear of Red Bull.', u"Bottas's Brazilian team mate Felipe Massa, who started 15th, finished sixth and ahead of both the Red Bull drivers. Massa qualified on pole in Austria last year.", u'(Editing by Peter Rutheford)']), ([u'Tyler Aldridge Wins Inaugural Greater Dallas Open'], [u'LEWISVILLE, Texas \u2014  Tyler Aldridge won the inaugural Greater Dallas Open on Sunday for his first Web.com Tour title, closing with a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory.', u'The 30-year-old Aldridge, a former Boise State player from Caldwell, Idaho, finished at 23-under 265 at The Lakes at Castle Hills. He earned $90,000 to jump from 38th to ninth on the money list with $148,713.', u'"Nobody\'s going to hand you the tournament," Aldridge said. "You have to go get it. ... It\'s hard to win a golf tournament. It\'s very difficult. I felt some nerves out there, but who doesn\'t? That\'s what we play for."', u"Brazil's Lucas Lee and Monday qualifier Gregory Yates tied for second. Lee had a 65, and Yates shot 66.", u'Aldridge won in his 57th start on the tour. He opened with a 67 and had two 65s to take a two-stroke lead into the final round.', u'On Sunday, Aldridge made a 30-foot eagle putt on the par-5 12th and had five birdies and three bogeys.', u'"The eagle was huge," Aldridge said. "I had that same putt on Thursday. It was about the same read and the same distance and I thought to myself that I already made this putt once, and I was fortunate to make it again."', u'He hit only four of 14 fairways and 12 greens in regulation.', u'"I probably didn\'t hit it the best," Aldridge said. "Under the circumstances, I was probably pretty nervous. I\'ve worked so hard for this moment. It\'s the greatest feeling ever."', u'Yates turned professional two weeks ago after finishing his college career at Texas A&M.', u'"I was just trying to make a paycheck," said Yates, who earned $44,000 and got a spot next week in Ohio in the Rust-Oleum Championship. "I just played my first pro tournament a week ago on the mini-tour and made $3,000. I thought that was a pretty good check, but this one\'s going to be a little bigger."', u'Adam Long matched the course record with a 63 to finish fourth at 20 under.']), ([u'Bryant Gets 3 Hits, Cubs Hand Nationals 8th Loss in 10 Games'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Kris Bryant tripled, doubled, singled and scored twice as the Chicago Cubs sent the Washington Nationals to their eighth loss in 10 games, 6-3 Sunday.', u'Jason Motte pitched a perfect ninth for his first save since 2012, when he led the NL with 42 for St. Louis before getting hurt. Closer Hector Rondon threw a perfect eighth \u2014 a day earlier, manager Joe Maddon said he might put the right-hander in some lower-pressure situations to get settled.', u'Chris Coghlan and Starlin Castro both had two hits and two RBIs, helping the Cubs take three of four in the series. The Nationals fell out of the NL East lead, passed by the New York Mets.', u'Kyle Hendricks (2-2) went five innings, giving up three runs and six hits.', u'Jordan Zimmermann (5-3) had won his last four decisions. He began this game with a 1-4 career record against the Cubs, and ran into more trouble, giving up four runs on 10 hits in just five innings.', u'This was his first loss since April 18.', u'Castro gave the Cubs a 1-0 lead with an RBI single in the second. Ian Desmond hit a two-run homer in the bottom half.', u'Jonathan Herrera tied it for the Cubs with a two-out RBI single in the fourth. The Cubs then broke it open in the fifth and sixth.', u'Coghlan came up against Zimmermann with the bases loaded and no outs in the fifth and hit a two-run single that put the Cubs up 4-2. Yunel Escobar helped the Nationals with an RBI single in the bottom half.', u'The Cubs made it 6-3 with two in sixth against Blake Treinen. He threw a bases-loaded wild pitch for one run, and Castro drove in another with a single to left. Left fielder Michael A. Taylor threw out Miguel Montero at the plate on the same play.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Cubs: OF Chris Denorfia (left hamstring strain) came off the disabled list Sunday and returned to the starting lineup. He got three hits and scored a run.', u"Nationals: Escobar returned to the starting lineup after missing two games with a sore right wrist that he injured on a checked swing Thursday night. ... RHP Doug Fister (forearm tightness) threw a rehab assignment at Triple-A Syracuse Sunday, going 3 2-3 innings and giving up two runs on seven hits with six strikeouts. ... 1B Ryan Zimmerman was given a day out of the starting lineup. His foot injury (plantar fasciitis still bothering him, but he said it's nothing bad. ... CF Denard Span left after the seventh inning with no word on the cause.", u'UP NEXT', u'Cubs: LHP Jon Lester (4-4, 3.86) opens the series in Detroit on Tuesday while trying to bounce back from a shaky June 3 start when he gave up six runs on nine hits in five innings in a loss to the Marlins. That came after a strong month of May where he went 4-1 with a 1.76 ERA.', u"Nationals: RHP Max Scherzer (6-4, 1.85) starts the interleague series at Yankee Stadium, having won five of his last six starts. He's among major league leaders in several categories, including ERA (third) and strikeouts (fifth, 90)."]), ([u'Unheralded Lingmerth Wins Memorial in Playoff With Rose'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, took down Justin Rose in a playoff to claim the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday.', u'Lingmerth won for the first time on the PGA Tour after a par on the third sudden death hole was enough to beat 2013 ', u' champion and world number six Rose, with 18-time major champion and tournament host Jack Nicklaus looking on.', u'Tiger Woods shot a two-over 74, an 11-shot improvement on his career worst 85 on Saturday. The 39-year-old finished last at 14-over 302, the worst 72-hole total of his career.', u'For Lingmerth, the victory will live long in the memory.', u"\u201cThis is my third year on the PGA Tour, and it's one thing to be a PGA Tour player, but it's a whole other thing to be a winner out here,\u201d he said.", u'\u201cJust to be on that list of PGA Tour winners is a special feeling and something that no one can take away from me.', u'"And this tournament, with Mr. Nicklaus as host, I can\'t think of many other tournaments that would be put above this one so I\'m pretty thrilled.\u201d', u"Playing in the event instead of his home country's flagship event, the Swedish Masters, the 27-year-old shot a final round three-under 69 to finish at 15-under 273.", u"While the victory gives Lingmerth a three-year U.S. tour exemption and entry to the PGA Championship and next year's Masters, he still faces a 36-hole qualifier for the US Open on Monday.", u'The qualifier in Columbus for a place at the June 18-21 US Open at Chambers Bay is one of the main reasons he chose to play the event.', u'\u201cIt is a little heartbreaking not to get to play in Sweden but sometimes you have to make those decisions,\u201d he said.', u"\u201cAnd this year I'm definitely happy I made this one.\u201d", u"England's Rose, the 2010 Memorial champion, led by three overnight but trailed by the same margin through eight holes after a rough start. He was forced to make par on the final hole after hitting a spectator in the head with his approach, posting a 72 to set up the playoff.", u'\u201cI take confidence, really. I think for the most part I played well this week,\u201d said Rose.', u'\u201cI feel like I have another gear.\u201d', u'World number two and Masters champion Jordan Spieth shot a 65 to post the early clubhouse lead but eventually tied for third with Italian Francesco Molinari (71) at 13-under.', u'Molinari had a two-shot lead at the halfway point of the final round and a share of it through 15 holes before dunking his tee shot into water on the par three 16th.', u'The resulting double bogey was enough to drop him out of contention.', u'Australian Marc Leishman (69), veteran American Jim Furyk (71) and defending champion Hideki Matsuyama (70) of Japan shared fifth place at 12-under.', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry/Peter Rutherford)']), ([u'Hechavarria Homers in 10th, Marlins Beat Rockies 3-2'], [u'DENVER \u2014  Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two-out homer in the 10th inning, lifting the Miami Marlins to a 3-2 win over the Colorado Rockies on Sunday.', u"Hechavarria drove a slider from reliever Boone Logan (0-2) into the trees in straightaway center field. It was Hechavarria's first homer since April 25.", u'Marcell Ozuna had a two-out, two-run single in the first inning to help the Marlins take two of three in the series.', u'Carlos Gonzalez tied the game at 2 in the seventh with a solo homer. The Rockies had a chance in the ninth with two outs and runners on first and second, but Sam Dyson (3-2) got pinch-hitter Ben Paulsen to ground out.', u'A.J. Ramos closed in the 10th for his seventh save. He struck out Troy Tulowitzki as the Rockies shortstop tried to back away from an inside pitch. Plate umpire Mike DiMuro ruled Tulowitzki was in the act of swinging.', u"Jose Urena pitched six innings of three-hit ball and was in line for his first major league win, but the Miami bullpen couldn't protect a 2-1 lead. Urena kept the Rockies off balance with a fastball that routinely hit 95 mph. He was taken out for Carter Capps in the seventh.", u"Capps promptly gave up the homer by Gonzalez, the first homer the usually reliable reliever has allowed all season. Capps hung a slider that Gonzalez lined just over the fence in right. It was Gonzalez's second straight game with a home run.", u"Kyle Kendrick settled in after a rocky start and retired 12 straight before Dee Gordon's single in the fifth. Kendrick lasted seven innings and allowed two runs against a team he's typically bottled up in the past.", u"Kendrick is 14-3 with a 3.40 ERA versus the Marlins. He's tied with Livan Hernandez for the fifth-most wins against Miami, behind Greg Maddux (19), Tom Glavine (17), Tim Hudson (15) and John Smoltz (15).", u'Miami had back-to-back singles off Kendrick to begin the game. Just when it looked as though Kendrick might wiggle out of trouble, Ozuna delivered a two-run single to left. Ozuna is hitting .455 with 10 RBIs against Colorado in 11 career games.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Marlins: Reliever Bryan Morris doesn't expect to miss much time after leaving Saturday's game in the sixth inning with a strained lower back. ... Manager Dan Jennings said RHP Jose Fernandez (Tommy John surgery) will throw Monday for Class A Jupiter. ... RHP Mat Latos (left knee) will make a start Monday with Triple-A New Orleans. ... RHP Jarred Cosart (vertigo) is scheduled to make a rehab start with New Orleans sometime this week.", u'Rockies: LF Corey Dickerson, placed on the 15-day disabled list May 19 because of plantar fasciitis in his left foot, will play Monday in an extended spring training game in Scottsdale, Arizona. ... Although reliever Rafael Betancourt is struggling, manager Walt Weiss said there\'s nothing wrong with his arm. "He\'ll be fine," Weiss said.', u'UP NEXT', u'Marlins: LHP Brad Hand (1-1, 4.24 ERA) takes the mound Monday as Miami opens a three-game series in Toronto. The Blue Jays counter with RHP Marco Estrada (2-3, 3.77)', u'Rockies: RHP David Hale (1-0, 4.26) will be recalled when the Rockies host St. Louis on Monday. RHP John Lackey (4-3, 2.93) goes for the Cardinals.']), ([u"Soccer-U.S. Face Australia as 'Group of Death' Comes to Life"], [u"WINNIPEG \u2014  The United States may be one the hot favorites to win the Women's World Cup but first the Americans will have to survive the 'Group of Death' which begins on Monday with a tricky test against Australia.", u'No nation will face a tougher road to the final than those in Group D with three teams ranked in the world top 10, the U.S. (2), Sweden (5), Australia (10) and top African nation Nigeria (33).', u'For four years, the Americans have been haunted by a heartbreaking loss to Japan on penalty kicks in the final of the last World Cup in Germany.', u'"Germany for so many of the players was one of the greatest experiences of our lives and probably one of the hardest," recalled U.S. midfielder Lauren Holiday. "I think the second that the game against Japan ended, we wanted to go to another World Cup as soon as possible."', u"While the U.S. are regarded as women's soccer superpower, winning the last three Olympic golds, they have not enjoyed the same success at the World Cup, not having hoisted the global trophy since 1999.", u'Then it was Mia Hamm and Brandi Chastain leading the way. This time it is another generation and perhaps the last chance for striker Abby Wambach, one of the greatest American players of all-time.', u'A win by the U.S. over Australia on Monday, combined with a Sweden victory over Nigeria, would set up an intriguing showdown with former coach Pia Sundhage, who may know the U.S. players better than her own, in a match that could decide top spot in the group.', u'Before returning home to take over the Swedish national team, Sundhage led the Americans to two Olympic gold medals and a runner-up finish in the 2011 World Cup.', u'But for now the Americans must focus on the 10th ranked Matildas, who are capable of derailing U.S. ambitions.', u"While the U.S. are packed with some of women's soccer's biggest names like Wambach and Hope Solo, Australian names are largely unknown beyond their own borders.", u'That could change during the World Cup with speedy striker Lisa De Vanna and diminutive midfielder Katrina Gorry ready to make a big splash.', u'"If we can bring our \u2018A\u2019 game that day, I\u2019m sure we\u2019re going to be a big rival to the U.S., said Australian coach Alen Stajcic. "I\u2019m sure they\u2019re going to know they\u2019re in a game."', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'The Latest: Cavs Even NBA Finals, Beat Warriors 95-93 in OT'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  The latest from Game 2 of the NBA Finals:', u'___', u'8:30 p.m. PDT', u'LeBron James had heard the talk: With Kyrie Iriving out, the Cavaliers have no chance to win the NBA Finals.', u"When asked about it after the game by ABC's Doris Burke, James said:", u'"This is a group of guys that love to play together. Whatever it takes. When we defend like we did tonight, we\'re going to give ourselves a good chance to beat any team in this world."', u'___', u'8:20 p.m. PDT', u'LeBron James had 39 points, 16 rebounds and 11 assists, and the Cleveland Cavaliers tied the NBA Finals at one game apiece with a 95-93 overtime victory over the Golden State Warriors.', u'Matthew Dellavedova, starting after Kyrie Irving broke his left kneecap in Game 1, made two free throws with 10.1 seconds left in overtime for a 94-93 lead, then played tough defense and forced Stephen Curry to shoot an airball.', u'James followed with a free throw and the Warriors turned it over on their final possession.', u"It's Cleveland's first NBA Finals victory after the Cavs were swept in their previous appearance in 2007.", u'Klay Thompson scored 34 points but Curry was just 5 of 23 from the field for the Warriors, who won Game 1 in OT.', u'Game 2 is Tuesday in Cleveland', u'___', u'8:01 p.m. PDT', u'Never.', u'That was the last time LeBron James took 69 shots in a two-game span.', u"James' 31st shot Sunday night bounced off the rim as time expired, the Cavs and Warriors are in overtime for the second straight game \u2014 a first for the NBA Finals.", u'You have to wonder, though, how much legs James has left.', u'___', u'7:55 p.m. PDT', u'The NBA Finals have gone to overtime for the second game in a row.', u"With a fantastic flurry, the Golden State Warriors tied the Cleveland Cavaliers at 87-all on Stephen Curry's basket with 7.2 seconds left. The league's MVP had been having a miserable shooting night before a late flourish helped Golden State overcome an 11-point deficit with 3:14 to play.", u"LeBron James then missed on a drive and the Cavaliers couldn't knock in the offensive rebound.", u'Golden State won Game 1 108-100 in overtime.', u'___', u'7:13 p.m. PDT', u"The Warriors have 59 points after three quarters, which isn't very Warriors-like at all. In fact, it's a season-low \u2014 at the worst time, too.", u'"We\'re trying. We\'re trying to get the pace going a little bit," Warriors coach Steve Kerr told ABC\'s Doris Burke in the televised interview entering the fourth quarter. "Haven\'t had much flow tonight at all."', u"Even on a night where the offense wasn't working in the first 36 minutes, the defense was keeping Golden State close. Cleveland's lead is just 62-59 going into the final quarter.", u'"Defense has been pretty good. We\'re fighting. We\'re scrapping," Kerr said.', u'___', u'7:03 p.m. PDT', u'A fan won a BMW with a halfcourt shot in the third quarter, and that was some of the only good shooting that was seen.', u'Cleveland continued to lead late in the period as both teams struggled, particularly the Warriors.', u'Golden State was 5 of 23 from 3-point range, with Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson combining for a 4-for-17 start behind the arc. Golden State had its lowest-scoring quarter of the postseason.', u'The Cavaliers finally went to a third player off the bench with about 4 1/2 minutes left in the quarter, bringing in Mike Miller.', u'The shooting was so bad that Marreese Speights missed a wide-open dunk at the end of the quarter and the Cavs lead 62-59 heading  into the final stanza.', u'___', u'6:27 p.m. PDT', u'With no Kyrie Irving, LeBron James knows he has do more for the Cavaliers to win.', u'And he is.', u'For just the second time in his NBA career, the four-time MVP finished a first half with at least 20 points, six assists and six rebounds. He also did it against Philadelphia on Nov. 21, 2009.', u'"LeBron James is controlling the game," Dwyane Wade said at halftime, adding he expects more of the same from his former teammate in the second half. The Heat guard is a part-time analyst for ABC during the finals.', u'The only other player with a 20-6-6 first half this season was Russell Westbrook, who did it for Oklahoma City against the Knicks on Nov. 28.', u'___', u'5:43 p.m. PDT', u"Stephen Curry's struggles have helped the Cleveland Cavaliers rally to tie Game 2 of the NBA Finals at 20-all after one quarter.", u"The Warriors were rolling and led 20-12 after Curry's behind-the-back pass led to Leandro Barbosa's 3-pointer from the corner.", u"But Golden State didn't score again and the NBA MVP's jumper was uncharacteristically off. He missed five of his six shots, including all three 3-point attempts, and had just four points.", u"LeBron James had 10 for the Cavaliers, including two baskets in their closing 8-0 run. He took 10 shots in the first quarter. It's the fourth time this season \u2014 and the first in the playoffs \u2014 that he took so many shots in an opening period.", u'___', u'5:25 p.m. PDT', u'A quick start, and then a quick exit for Klay Thompson.', u'The Warriors All-Star guard scored nine points on 4-of-6 shooting in the first 5 minutes, but then had to go to bench after picking up a second foul.', u'Thompson had a bit of a slow start in Game 1, but came on later in the game and the Warriors thought he might be poised for a big night in Game 2.', u'"We\'re always looking for that moment where Klay kind of just gets in that crazy zone where he can just get hot really fast," teammate Andre Iguodala said Saturday. "I think in the playoffs we haven\'t had it yet, but I feel like it\'s slowly, but surely getting there."', u'Thompson might be on his way, once he gets back in the game.', u"His second foul was against Iman Shumpert, who came out aggressively with a couple of drives to the basket. Perhaps he can help replace the offense missing with Kyrie Irving's absence.", u'___', u'5:10 p.m. PDT', u'Forget the Warriors and Cavaliers. The best teamwork at Game 2 of the NBA Finals might come from the Santanas.', u'Ten-time Grammy winner Carlos Santana and his wife, drummer, Cindy Blackman Santana, performed a rocking national anthem together before the game.', u'Carlos Santana gave his wife a quick kiss, then started playing his guitar while she was banging the drums.', u'Carlos Santana is a Bay Area native who was wearing a yellow top similar to the color of the T-shirts fans wore all around Oracle Arena.', u"His wife is from Ohio, but wasn't wearing Cavs colors.", u"The game has started \u2014 first basket of the game went to Warriors' Klay Thompson, who started shooting 4-for-5 from the field.", u'___', u'4:55 p.m. PDT', u"Horse racing's 37-year championship drought ended Saturday. Can a 40-year one in the NBA be next?", u'Steve Kerr sure hopes so.', u"He said he took some inspiration from American Pharoah's victory in the ", u', which made him the first ', u' winner since 1978.', u'"Well, first of all congrats to my fellow Wildcat Bob Baffert," he said of the horse\'s trainer and fellow University of Arizona product. "Bear down."', u"The Warriors haven't won a title since 1975, when they made their last trip to the NBA Finals. Their 40 years between appearances is the longest drought in NBA history.", u"Kerr also watched Stan Wawrinka's ", u' victory over Novak Djokovic on Sunday morning.', u'"I like watching other sporting events and I do draw inspiration from them," he said.', u'___', u'4:30 p.m. PDT', u'Miami Heat guard Dwyane Wade joined the ABC pregame crew Sunday night, and fellow analyst Jalen Rose wasted no time asking the big question \u2014 "Are you leaving Miami?"', u"Wade, who can opt out July 1 and become a free agent, sidestepped the question. Neither he nor the Heat have commented publicly about the status of talks about his future, but a person with direct knowledge of the negotiations say the three-time NBA champion and the only team he's played for as a pro are nowhere near agreeing on their future together.", u'"We\'ll worry about that in July," Wade said. "Right now, we\'re going to focus on these finals. This is our biggest showcase."', u"Wade has been to the NBA Finals five times as a player, but says he's always makes a point to go even when the Heat aren't involved.", u'___', u'AP Basketball Writers Antonio Gonzalez and Tim Reynolds, and Sports Writer Josh Dubow contributed to this report.']), ([u'Canada Comes Good for Hamilton'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  An assured pole-to-flag win, without safety cars or strategy blunders, was just what Lewis Hamilton needed in Canada on Sunday -- even if relief was too strong a word.', u'"Did I need this? I think so. I think so," the Formula One world champion told the crowd on the podium after his fourth win in seven races this year and the expansion of his overall lead to 17 points.', u'"I love Montreal. I love this track; I love the city and really just a fantastic weekend and great to get back on the top step."', u'In Monaco, the previous race two weeks ago, a needless late pitstop  had robbed Hamilton of victory and handed it instead to Mercedes team mate and closest title rival Nico Rosberg.', u'Montreal, a favorite track where the Briton had won three times before including his first victory in Formula One back in 2007, allowed him to reclaim some of the lost points and get back to where he wanted to be.', u'The feeling, Hamilton emphasized, was not relief, however.     "I don\u2019t feel I needed to be relieved," he said. "I was quickest all of the previous race weekend as well.', u'"Obviously we had the problem which enabled Nico to win the race but otherwise generally I had good pace for the last two races," added the double world champion.', u'"So it\u2019s not a relief, it just feels good to continue with good strength and it\u2019s great that the team is continuing to be strong as well and continue to move forwards."', u"Mercedes motorsport head Toto Wolff, who found himself in the spotlight after Monaco for what some derided as one of the biggest gaffes in recent F1 history, felt a weight had been lifted off the team's shoulders.", u'"I must say that there after Monaco it was very difficult for the team to handle that sometimes," said the Austrian.', u'"We were exposed to massive criticism, it looked like all the victories and the world championship was forgotten and suddenly a bunch of idiots were managing the team.', u'"The result is a satisfying result considering what happened in Monaco."', u"Niki Lauda, the retired triple world champion who is now  non-executive chairman of Mercedes F1, said the result was 'perfect' for Hamilton.", u'"He couldn\'t have done a better job and that\'s it. The whole strategy and whatever we had to produce here was back to normal."', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Mitch Phillips.)']), ([u'Brazil Extend Winning Run to Nine With Win Over Mexico'], [u'SAO PAULO \u2014  Brazil took their winning run under coach Dunga to nine on Sunday when first-half goals gave them a comfortable 2-0 win over Mexico in Sao Paulo.', u'A week before they kick off their Copa America campaign against Peru, Brazil dominated a poor warm up match though there was a moment of brilliant by Philippe Coutino when they opened the scoring after 27 minutes.', u'The Liverpool midfielder dropped a shoulder and wafted past a Mexican defender before slotting the ball home from a tight angle to notch his first international goal.', u'Diego Tardelli doubled their lead nine minutes later after good work by Elias. The Corinthians midfielder nutmegged a Mexican defender and his pass left Tardelli with the simplest of finishes from six yards.', u'"It was good to come home and play at home again," said central defender David Luiz. "We\'re happy with the win and way we won."', u'The game was played at a slow pace, especially in a second half that had 12 substitutions and hardly a shot at goal.', u"Mexico were without Carlos Vela and Javier Hernandez, both of whom were rested for next month's Gold Cup in the US.", u"Brazil, meanwhile, were missing Neymar, who was celebrating Barcelona's Champions League triumph over Juventus.", u'The win means Brazil have won all nine of their games since Dunga took over in the wake of their 2014 World Cup 7-1 humiliation by Germany, a run that includes victories over Colombia, Chile, Argentina and France.', u'Brazil now play one more friendly against Honduras on Wednesday before heading to Chile. They kick off their Copa America campaign against Peru on June 14 before further Group C games against Venezuela and Colombia.', u"Mexico's first Copa match is against Bolivia on June 12. They also face Ecuador and hosts Chile.", u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Big Stars Held in Check So Far in Stanley Cup'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  One point. That is the combined total for Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Steven Stamkos through two games of the Stanley Cup Final.', u'The biggest stars for the Blackhawks and Lightning are looking to break out with the deadlocked series shifting to Chicago for Game 3 on Monday night.', u"Toews' third-period assist in Chicago's 4-3 loss to Tampa Bay on Saturday night was the 100th career playoff point for the captain \u2014 and his first of the final. Kane, who played alongside Toews for much of the first two games, failed to register a shot on goal in Game 2. Stamkos, the captain of the Lightning, is scoreless in his last four games.", u'The winner of the series very well could be the team that gets one of those scorers going.', u'"I mean, as an offensive guy, you want to be helping produce, especially at this time of year," Kane said. "But, you know, we said all along with our team, we don\'t really care where the goals come from, as long as they\'re coming from our team."', u"While Toews, Kane and Stamkos have been shut down so far, the big question hanging over the Stanley Cup on Sunday was which goalie would be in net for Tampa Bay in Game 3. Even coach Jon Cooper said he wasn't sure.", u'Ben Bishop left midway through the third period of Game 2. He returned for a brief stretch and then left for good. Andrei Vasilevskiy made five saves to help close out the series-tying win.', u'There has been no word from the Lightning on why Bishop departed. Cooper said he could be available for Game 3.', u'"You\'ll have a better indication, I guess, tomorrow at the skate," Cooper said. "Although our morning skates are all optional anyway. Bish, notoriously he goes on sometimes during them and sometimes he doesn\'t. I\'m sure you\'ll get a clue then tomorrow."', u'The 6-foot-7 Bishop had a franchise-record 40 wins this season. He is 12-9 with a 2.20 goals-against average in the playoffs.', u'Vasilevskiy, who turns 21 in July, has made 19 appearances this year, counting the playoffs, but Cooper and the Lightning insist they are comfortable with him in goal.', u'"If Bish can\'t go tomorrow, is that a blow to us? Sure it is," Cooper said. "But do we think the series is lost because Vasilevskiy is going in? Not a chance."', u"Tampa Bay's revolving door in net and the free-wheeling pace of Game 2 made Kane's blank scoresheet all the more surprising. It was only the second time that he failed to record a shot on goal in 112 career playoff games, according to STATS.", u'"It\'s not a stat you like to see, for sure," said Kane, who won the Conn Smythe Trophy in 2013 for playoff MVP. "At the same time going into the next game, I\'m not going to go in saying, \'I need to get a shot here or there.\' I just go out and try to make the right play and worry about the results from there."', u"Kane and Toews began the series on the same line after they helped the Blackhawks rally past the Ducks in the Western Conference finals. But coach Joel Quenneville broke up the duo near the end of Game 2 and likely will separate them again on Monday night, keeping at least one of the veteran scorers away from Tampa Bay's top defensive pairing of Victor Hedman and Anton Stralman.", u'"I think that maybe changing those two guys on different lines will get us a little bit more depth and a little bit more balance, see how they can defend it," Quenneville said.', u'Stamkos is in the middle of a streaky postseason. He had no goals and three assists in the first eight games, and then had a dazzling 10-game stretch of seven goals and seven assists. But he is without a point since he had a goal and an assist in a 2-0 victory in Game 5 of the Eastern Conference finals against the Rangers.', u"Stamkos, one of the NHL's most gifted scorers, led Tampa Bay and was second in the league with 43 goals in the regular season.", u'"I think both teams have some very skilled players that the other team is paying close attention to," Stamkos said. "That\'s when you get into secondary scoring. You saw it in Game 1 for them. You saw it in Game 2 for us. That might be a trend going forward."', u'___']), ([u'Calcavecchia Wins Champions Tour Event in Iowa'], [u'DES MOINES, Iowa \u2014  Wearing bacon-themed pants and using a putter he bought from an Iowa sporting goods store, Mark Calcavecchia broke through for one of his most satisfying wins.', u'Calcavecchia won the Principal Charity Classic on Sunday for his third career Champions Tour title, closing with a 3-under 69 for a one-stroke victory over Joe Durant and Brian Henninger.', u'Calcavecchia, who missed the cut in the Senior PGA Championship two weeks ago, never trailed during the final round at the Wakonda Club. The 13-time PGA Tour winner finished at 12-under 204.', u'"It\'s kind of out of nowhere. I\'m kind of in a little state of shock right now," said Calcavecchia, the 1989 British Open champion.', u'Durant shot a 69, missing a long birdie putt on the 18th hole. Henninger had a 68.', u'Rod Spittle was fourth at 10 under after a 68.', u'Davis Love III had a 68 to top the group at 9 under. He was making his fourth Champions Tour start since turning 50 in April 2014.', u'But the weekend as all about Calcavecchia \u2014 who picked up his first win since a gruesome injury to his right hand in November that left him wondering if his career was finished.', u'"It still bothers me. I wake up and these fingers hurt," Calcavecchia said. "But I get out there and start playing. ... I kind of get over the pain and forget about it."', u'After missing the cut at the Senior PGA in French Lick, Indiana, Calcavecchia took in the Indianapolis 500 before driving to Des Moines. In his second-round 77 in Indiana, Calcavecchia had a bit of a tantrum, breaking two clubs on the par-5 ninth hole. He broke the first over his knee after a bad second shot. After missing the green with his third, he snapped the shaft on that club by slamming it into the ground.', u"Calcavecchia stopped by a local golf shop earlier in the week, grabbed a putter he liked and drilled a dozen in a row on the store's putting green. The new putter was a hit on the course as well, helping Calcavecchia pick up his first Champions Tour win since 2012.", u'The player who appeared to have the best shot at overtaking Calcavecchia was Love\u2014 but he fell apart down the stretch.', u'Love, playing in just his second senior event of the year, birdied four out of five holes and pulled within a shot of Calcavecchia with three holes to play.', u'But Love bogeyed the par-4 16th after a chip try barely went a few feet.', u'Love then sent his tee shot on No. 17 into some rocks and had to take a penalty. He wound up with a double bogey.', u'"I got a little bit going on the back nine, obviously, and gave myself a chance," Love said. "I just needed to keep getting birdie putts. Missing the green at 16 and 17 just killed me."', u"Love's collapse helped clear the way for Calcavecchia \u2014 though his can't-miss trousers seemed to be a good luck charm as well.", u'Calcavecchia first wore the pants, which he got from the organizers of an annual bacon-themed festival in Des Moines, on Friday.', u'Calcavecchia went back to traditional pants Saturday.', u'But once he moved into first place, Calcavecchia knew he needed them for the final 18 holes.', u'"All of a sudden I grabbed the lead and I\'m like, \'I\'ve got to wear them. I\'ll give them one more shot,\'" Calcavecchia said.']), ([u'Lingmerth Goes the Distance and More to Win Memorial'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  David Lingmerth kept telling himself it was his turn to win Sunday in the Memorial, even amid so many signs that suggested otherwise.', u'He thought his 3-under 69 would be enough when Justin Rose shanked a shot from a fairway bunker, plunked a spectator in the head and had to get up-and-down from 55 yards on the final hole to force a playoff. And he did.', u"Lingmerth was looking at a 10-foot par putt for the win on the first extra hole until Rose made a 20-footer for par that fell in from the right side of the cup, and suddenly the Swede's putt was simply to stay in the game.", u"Lingmerth made them all until he was shaking hands with tournament host Jack Nicklaus to celebrate a victory he won't soon forget. He ended the three-hole playoff \u2014 the longest in 40 years at Muirfield Village \u2014 with a par putt from just inside 5 feet.", u"But it was that first extra hole and his 10-foot putt to match Rose's par that showed his resolved.", u'"I was thinking to myself that I\'d probably have a putt to win the tournament right there," he said. "And then he drops it in ... and this big, huge roar. Crazy feeling. So I took a few moments just to let the crowd and myself calm down because I knew how big that next putt was going to be. I\'ve been in a few playoffs. You win some, you lose some. But I didn\'t feel that it was my turn to lose this time. I was telling myself that I was going to make that putt."', u'Stoic through all the pressure, the most emotion he showed was after it was all over.', u"His first PGA Tour victory came on the birthday of his father, Thomas, and his parents' anniversary. Lingmerth's wife used FaceTime for the father to watch the press conference, and when it ended, Nicklaus took the spoke and spoke to him as Lingmerth smiled wider that he did all day.", u'There were a few other gifts.', u'Lingmerth is headed to the Masters for the first time, but not the ', u". He has a qualifier on Monday, as if 21 holes on Sunday wasn't enough. The victory also gets him into the PGA Championship, two World Golf Championships and gives him a three-year exemption on the PGA Tour.", u"Rose, who closed with a 72 with that superb par save on No. 18 in regulation, looked like a winner when he made the bending 20-foot par putt in the playoff. Nicklaus threw his hands up. Rose's son, 5-year-old Leo, shrieked with delight.", u'"When I made that putt on the first extra hole, I thought, \'Wow, I\'m going to steal this one.\' But it wasn\'t to be," Rose said.', u'He lost a three-shot lead at the start of the final round and closed with a 72. And on the third extra hole, he went from right rough to left gallery, chipped 18 feet by the hole and still had more than 4 feet for bogey when Lingmerth ended it.', u'"He needs to look back at that putt that kept it going on the first extra hole," Rose said. "He did everything he needed to."', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth closed with a 65 and wound up two shots behind in a tie for third with Francesco Molinari of Italy, who was tied for the lead until hitting into the water on the 16th for a double bogey. He shot 71.', u'Tiger Woods showed improvement \u2014 it was hard not to after a career-worst 85 on Saturday. He shot 74 and finished last, 29 shots behind, with his worst 72-hole score (302) in his PGA Tour career.', u'"I did not win, and I wasn\'t even close," Woods said. "So hopefully in two weeks\' time, things will be a lot better and I\'ll be ready to try to win a U.S. Open."', u'Spieth was nine shots behind going into the final day and could not have imagined having to spend an extra three hours in Ohio. He chipped in twice \u2014 for birdie on the par-5 seventh and for eagle on the par-5 15th \u2014 and closed with a birdie. He posted at 13-under 275 and stuck around all afternoon to see if it would be enough.', u"Lingmerth made sure it wasn't with a solid finish \u2014 a short birdie on the 15th to reach 15 under, and pars the rest of the way to reach 15-under 273. He did not make a bogey over the last 11 holes he played.", u'Rose had the wild finish.', u'A fan yelled in his swing from a tough bunker shot on the 14th, where he made bogey. He made birdie on the par-5 15th. He three-putted the 16th, only to make a 12-foot bending birdie putt on the 17th. And right when it looked like he was in trouble after the shank, he saved par with a pitch out of deep rough to 3 feet.', u"DIVOTS: Patrick Rodgers earned special temporary membership with a tie for 40th, meaning he gets unlimited exemptions the rest of the way. But it wasn't easy. He made bogey on the 15th and triple bogey on the 16th, only to finish birdie-birdie to lock it up. ... Kevin Kisner withdrew from the U.S. Open qualifier on Monday because he tweaked his back on the range Thursday. He felt better Sunday, closed with a 70 and tied for eighth. That moved him to No. 57 in the world, and if he can stay in the top 60 after next week, he'll be in the U.S. Open."]), ([u"Egypt Ex-Official Says FIFA's Warner Sought Money, Citing Influence in World Cup Selection"], [u"CAIRO \u2014  The former head of Egypt's football federation said on Sunday that ex-FIFA Vice President Jack Warner asked for $7 million from Egypt, suggesting it could help with Egypt's bid to host the 2010 World Cup.", u"Al-Dahshouri Harb told Reuters in a telephone interview that Warner expressed interest to him in being an adviser to Egypt's bid and had said the money could be used to support poor football associations in Latin American countries.", u'Harb quoted Warner as saying at a meeting in the United Arab Emirates: "I have many votes in Latin America and I could be your adviser in Europe. I have many friends (there)".', u'Harb said Warner asked for $7 million, saying he would not take the money for himself but to give to "the poor clubs and federations in Latin America."', u'The meeting took place before 2010, said Harb, who did not elaborate.', u'Warner could not immediately be reached for comment. He is among nine current and former FIFA officials and five corporate executives charged by the U.S. Department of Justice with running a criminal enterprise that involved more than $150 million in alleged bribes.', u'Warner has denied the charges against him and has said he never took a bribe. "I have been afforded no due process and I have not even been questioned in this matter," Warner, who is from Trinidad and Tobago, said in a statement last month. "I reiterate that I am innocent of any charges."', u'Egypt famously failed to receive a single vote when the host of the 2010 World Cup was announced in 2004. The tournament ultimately went to South Africa.', u"Aley Eddine Helal, Egypt's minister of youth and sports from 1999 to 2004, told an Egyptian TV show on Thursday that Harb had told him about the offer to help Egypt after their meeting.", u'"He came back and informed me that (Warner) had said: \'If you want to win, you must pay $6-7 million. One vote costs $1 million\'", said Helal.', u'He said Egyptian authorities had rejected the offer.', u'Reuters could not immediately reach Helal for further comment.', u'(Reporting by Yara Bayoumy and Stephen Kalin; Writing by Stephen Kalin; Editing by Peter Cooney and Frances Kerry)']), ([u'Home Run: Antron Brown Races to 50th NHRA Victory'], [u'ENGLISTHWON, N.J. \u2014  Antron Brown raced to his 50th NHRA victory Sunday, beating Brittany Force in the Top Fuel final in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at his home track.', u'Brown, from nearby Chesterfield, had a 3.843-second run at 318.47 mph at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park for the milestone victory. He has 34 victories in Top Fuel after winning 16 times in Pro Stock Motorcycle. The victory was his third of the season, and first in Top Fuel at the track.', u'The 2012 Top Fuel series champion and current points leader raced past Force, who lost traction early in the run and finished in 5.398 at 150.16.', u'Matt Hagan won in Funny Car, Greg Anderson in Pro Stock, and Jerry Savoie in Pro Stock Motorcycle.', u'Hagan also raced to his third victory of the season, beating Alexis DeJoria with a 4.132 at 299.53 in a Dodge Charger R/T. Hagan, the defending series champion, took the points lead.']), ([u'Groundhog Day: Animal Wanders Onto Track at Canadian GP'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  A groundhog that scampered onto the track during the Canadian Grand Prix showed the quickness of a Formula One driver when it scurried to safety and avoided the oncoming racecars.', u'The rodent had wandered onto the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve when Felipe Massa came bearing down with two other cars in pursuit. Massa swerved to avoid it, and the scared animal retreated back under the fence.', u'"In this country, you have such beautiful wildlife," Formula One spokesman Matteo Bonciani told The Associated Press. "I\'m so happy that, in the end, it was all right."', u"The open-wheeled cars hit a top speed of 212 mph (342 kph) in Sunday's race, which was won by Lewis Hamilton.", u"Massa said it's always surprising when an animal appears on the track, though it is not unprecedented. Dogs have wandered into races in India and Brazil and a groundhog also appeared during the 2008 Canadian GP.", u"Massa had enough time to react, but worried that the two cars trailing him wouldn't see the groundhog.", u'"It\'s dangerous more for the animal than for me," the Brazilian said. "But if we hit it it\'s not good for our car, either."']), ([u'Sevilla Midfielder Vidal to Join Barcelona'], [u'BARCELONA (Reuters)- - Sevilla midfielder Aleix Vidal will join treble winners Barcelona pending a medical for a reported 23 million euros (16.73 million pounds), the Catalan club said on Sunday.', u'Vidal has stood out for the Europa League winners this season and has been rewarded by his first call up to the latest Spain squad by coach Vicente del Bosque.', u'"Barcelona and Sevilla have reached an agreement for the transfer of Aleix Vidal," Barcelona said in a statement.', u'Vidal will have a medical on Monday and then sign a five year contract for Barcelona, who won the Champions League on Saturday following their La Liga triumph and King\u2019s Cup victory.', u'However, Barca will be unable to play Vidal until January 2016 due to a FIFA ban on bringing in new players for two transfer windows after breaking rules over the signing of foreign under-18 players.', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Sasic, Mittag Both Net Three as Germany Rout Ivory Coast'], [u"OTTAWA \u2014  Forwards Celia Sasic and Anja Mittag both scored hat tricks as Germany crushed Ivory Coast 10-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B football match on Sunday, notching the second biggest win in tournament history.", u'Sasic netted three times in the first half against a hapless Ivory Coast side who had goalkeeper Dominique Thiamale to thank for preventing an even worse defeat. Mittag scored another two before half-time.', u'Top-ranked Germany, who won all 10 of their qualifying matches with a staggering 62-4 goal difference, came into the tournament as one of the favourites and showed why against woeful debutants Ivory Coast, who are ranked a lowly 67th.', u'Ivory Coast adopted an inept offside trap right from the start and stuck to it in the first half, despite German players regularly steaming through to score.', u'"It was nice, we scored a lot of goals. I\'d be lying if I said it wasn\'t fun," said Mittag.', u"The Germans took off Sasic at half-time but were still far too strong. Mittag netted Germany's sixth goal after a terrible error in the Ivory Coast defence while Simone Laudehr, Sara Daebritz, Melanie Behringer and Alexandra Popp also scored.", u'"We just took the wind out of their wings and they lost their energy and we just kept going," said German coach Silvia Neid.', u"The heaviest defeat in Women's World Cup history came in 2007, when Germany beat Argentina 11-0.", u"Only a string of excellent saves from Thiamale and some lazy finishing prevented Neid's side from racking up a record.", u'Ivory Coast coach Clementine Toure refused to be downcast, praising her goalkeeper and saying the players would benefit from the experience.', u'"We have to ignore the score and the negative points ... we were playing the best team in the world," she told reporters.', u'The Germans, who won the World Cup in 2003 and 2007, are looking to make up for the disappointment they suffered when they hosted the tournament in 2011, losing to Japan in the quarter-finals.', u'Germany are now top of Group B, ahead of Norway, who earlier beat Thailand 4-0. They meet Norway on June 11 in a game that will decide who tops the group.', u'(Reporting by David Ljunggren, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Rose, Lingmerth in Memorial Playoff'], [u'DUBLIN \u2014  Unheralded Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, and world number six Justin Rose were headed to a sudden death playoff at the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday.', u'Lingmerth shot a final round three-under-69 to finish 18 holes at 15-under-273 while Rose, who led by three overnight, made a clutch par after hitting a spectator in the head on the 18th for a 72 to join him on top.', u'Rose, the 2013 U.S. Open champion was looking to become the seventh man to win the Memorial multiple times, having claimed the first of his seven PGA Tour titles here in 2010.', u'Lingmerth was searching for his inaugural PGA Tour win.', u'(Reporting by Ben Everill, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Suzann Pettersen Wins Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'], [u"CAMBRIDGE, Ontario \u2014  Suzann Pettersen was pointing for the KPMG Women's PGA Championship, the major championship next week at Westchester Country Club outside New York City.", u'Her left shoulder finally pain-free and her hard work with new instructor Butch Harmon showing, the 34-year-old Norwegian ended up putting it all together at the Manulife LPGA Classic.', u'"I hope I didn\'t peak one week early," Pettersen joked Sunday after winning her 15th LPGA Tour title and first since October 2013. "But this is just a start. This is what I\'ve been working for. I\'m starting to feel that the process is kind of coming together. This is a start of a big summer."', u'Pettersen birdied two of the last three holes, closing with a 3-under 69 in windy conditions for a one-stroke victory over Brittany Lang at Whistle Bear Golf Club.', u'Pettersen blasted out of a greenside bunker to 2 feet on the par-5 16th to set up a birdie that tied Lang for the lead, then hit a 5-iron to 8 feet for another birdie on the 191-yard, par-3 17th. The European Solheim Cup star parred the par-4 18th, hitting her long first putt to a foot.', u'After playing bogey-free in opening rounds of 66, 65 and 66, Petersen dropped strokes Sunday on Nos. 2 and 5. She rallied with birdies on Nos. 8-9, eagled the par-5 12th, and made a bogey on the par-4 13th.', u'"I felt I played some really good golf this week," Pettersen said. "I was pretty flawless through three rounds and broke that effort pretty quickly with a couple of bogeys, but I managed to get my head together and play some good golf. I played aggressive and it was a good day on the golf course."', u'Pettersen finished at 22-under 266. She ended a 35-event victory drought and is projected to jump from 10th to fifth in the world ranking.', u'"I went to see Butch and I have only good things to say about Butch," Pettersen said. "He\'s been a great inspiration to me to take my game to a new level. He definitely has the belief. He\'s no sugar-coater. He gives me what I need every single time.', u'"What we\'ve done so far is good and this is hopefully just a start. But it\'s nice to kind of see the results. When you do changes, I can feel the difference in what\'s happening and what\'s going on."', u'Lang, the winner of the inaugural tournament in 2012 at Grey Silo, finished with a 65. She birdied Nos. 15-17 and closed with a par.', u'"I\'m going to take nothing but positives away from this week," Lang said. "It was fantastic golf with three majors coming up. But the competition out here, it\'s unbelievable. It\'s really hard to win nowadays and it\'s great, it\'s great for women\'s golf. The girls are just, there\'s so much talent, so much depth."', u"Colombia's Mariajo Uribe was third at 18 under after a 72.", u'Cristie Kerr bogeyed the final four holes for a 73 to drop into a tie for fourth at 16 under.', u'Top-ranked Lydia Ko tied for 27th at 10 under after a 71.']), ([u'Fellaini Nets Double as Belgium Humble France'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Marouane Fellaini played chief tormentor as France suffered a 4-3 home defeat in a home friendly against Belgium on Sunday, one year before the European Championship kicks off on their turf.', u'Manchester United midfielder Fellaini scored two first-half goals before Radja Nainggolan and Eden Hazard, from the penalty- spot, added to the tally after the break.', u"Les Bleus replied through Mathieu Valbuena's second-half penalty and late goals by Nabil Fekir and Dimitri Payet.", u"It was France's second loss since the 2014 World Cup, coming just over two months after a 3-1 home defeat by Brazil.", u'"They were very efficient, we under-performed defensively, we were better after the break," France coach Didier Deschamps told reporters.', u'"We can\'t be hyper confident ahead of the Euro 2016, but we can\'t be too worried."', u"Deschamps's side got off to a good start but failed to really threaten while Belgium scored with their first chance.", u'Fellaini picked up the ball in the area after a poor clearance by the French defence and fired home from close range to put the visitors ahead after 17 minutes.', u"The towering Fellaini netted his fifth goal in three games for the national side, heading the ball past Hugo Lloris from Toby Alderweireld's cross after being left unmarked three minutes from the break.", u'Nainggolan made it 3-0 five minutes into the second half with a 25-metre strike, with Fellaini responsible for the set-up play.', u'France, who will play only friendlies until Euro 2016 kicks off on June 10 next year because they qualified as hosts, pulled one back three minutes later when Valbuena converted a penalty after Olivier Giroud was brought down in the box.', u'Koscielny, however, made the same mistake when he pushed Axel Witsel in the back, allowing Hazard to make it 4-1 with a perfectly-taken spot-kick.', u'One minute from time, second-half substitute Fekir fired past Thibaut Courtois after playing a fine one-two with Paul-Georges Ntep.', u'Payet further reduced the arrears after collecting a backpass from Moussa Sissoko one minute into stoppage time.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Douglas Beattie)']), ([u'Pelfrey Tosses 8 Strong Innings, Twins Blank Brewers 2-0'], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  Mike Pelfrey pitched eight strong innings, his longest outing in three years, and the Minnesota Twins avoided a series sweep by beating the Milwaukee Brewers 2-0 on Sunday.', u'Eddie Rosario and Eduardo Escobar had RBIs for the Twins, who otherwise struggled with runners on base. Glen Perkins worked a scoreless ninth for his major league-leading 21st save in as many chances.', u'Pelfrey (5-2) allowed eight hits and struck out seven. He has yielded only three earned runs over his last four starts, spanning 28 innings. This was his longest performance since April 21, 2012 \u2014 his last outing before Tommy John surgery.', u'Minnesota, which entered fourth in the majors with a .298 batting average with runners in scoring position, finished 2 for 12 in those situations after going 1 for 6 on Saturday.', u'Milwaukee put a runner on first with no more than one out in each of the first five innings. Each time the runner advanced no farther. The Brewers hit into two of their three double plays during that stretch.', u'The Brewers had one on with two outs for Ryan Braun in the eighth, but the Milwaukee slugger lined out to third on a leaping grab by Eduardo Nunez.', u'Mike Fiers (2-6) allowed two runs in 4 1-3 innings and struck out three. He threw 91 pitches on a muggy day, 54 for strikes. He has not given up more than two runs in any of his past six starts.', u"Rosario doubled in Torii Hunter in the second, and Escobar's triple made it 2-0. Three straight groundouts \u2014 two to the pitcher \u2014 left Escobar stranded.", u'READY OR NOT', u"Taylor Jungmann is scheduled to make his major league debut Tuesday when he starts for Milwaukee in Pittsburgh. Manager Craig Counsell said the right-hander will join the team Monday and be activated before Tuesday's game.", u'A first-round pick (12th overall) in the 2011 draft, Jungmann is 2-3 with a 6.37 ERA in 11 games \u2014 nine starts at Triple-A Colorado Springs. "He\'s kind of gone on a little bit of a roll in May, the last three or four starts, so we\'re going to give him a shot," Counsell said. "I think he\'ll do well."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Twins: 3B Trevor Plouffe, in a 1-for-25 slump, was given the day off "to clear his head a little bit," manager Paul Molitor said. ... Reliever J.R. Graham, who pitched four innings in a spot start Saturday, was not available.', u'UP NEXT', u'Brewers: Milwaukee opens a three-game series Monday night in Pittsburgh. Jimmy Nelson (2-6, 4.41 ERA) is scheduled to start for the Brewers against A.J. Burnett (6-1, 2.20). Nelson has two losses and a no-decision in his last three starts, allowing 12 earned runs in 16 2-3 innings.', u'Twins: Minnesota opens a three-game home series against Kansas City on Monday night, with Phil Hughes (4-5, 4.96) scheduled to face Jason Vargas (4-2, 4.79). Hughes looks to rebound after allowing five runs and a career high-tying 11 hits over 4 1-3 innings Wednesday in Boston.']), ([u'Perez Hits Tiebreaking HR in 8th, Royals Beat Rangers'], [u'KANSAS CITY, Mo. \u2014  Salvador Perez hit a solo home run with two outs in the eighth inning, lifting the Kansas City Royals over the Texas Rangers 4-3.', u"Perez hit his eighth homer, sending a pitch from Keone Kela (4-2) into the Royals' bullpen.", u"Wade Davis (3-1) picked up the victory, working around Prince Fielder's double in the eighth. Greg Holland pitched a perfect ninth for his ninth save in 10 opportunities.", u'Jeremy Guthrie limited the Rangers to one hit the first six innings, but was removed with one out in the seventh after giving up back-to-back singles to Mitch Moreland and Joey Gallo.', u"Guthrie left with a 3-0 lead, and reliever Kelvin Herrera could not hold it. Elvis Andrus singled to load the bases, Leonys Martin hit a two-run single and Robinson Chirinos' RBI groundout tied it.", u'Rangers starter Colby Lewis departed after seven innings and 101 pitches, giving up three runs and eight hits.', u'Kendrys Morales hit an RBI double in the fifth that made it 3-0.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: RHP Ross Ohlendorf (strained right groin) was putn the disabled list. He joins 13 other Rangers on the DL. ... RHP Neftali Feliz (abscess procedure) threw one inning on a rehab assignment Saturday for Triple-A Round Rock, allowing one unearned run on one hit against Oklahoma City. He walked one and struck out one, throwing 24 pitches. ... LHP Matt Harrison (spinal fusion) will make his second rehab start Monday for Round Rock.', u'Royals: LHP Danny Duffy (biceps tendinitis) will make his first rehab start Tuesday for Triple-A Omaha.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: After an off-day Monday, RHP Nick Martinez will start the series opener Tuesday at Oakland.', u"Royals: RF Alex Rios is 13 for 27 with four doubles and a home run against RHP Phil Hughes, the Twins' starter Monday at Minnesota."]), ([u'Red Sox Rally for 7 Runs in 8th, Sweep Athletics 7-4'], [u'BOSTON \u2014  Rusney Castillo hit a solo homer and an RBI single during a seven-run rally in the eighth inning that sent the Boston Red Sox over the Oakland Athletics 7-4 Sunday for a three-game sweep.', u"Xander Bogaerts delivered a go-ahead, two-run double. The Red Sox got eight hits in the comeback before ambidextrous Pat Venditte, Oakland's fifth pitcher of the inning, got the last out.", u'Steven Wright (3-2) pitched 3 1-3 innings of shutout relief for the win. Tommy Layne threw a perfect ninth for his first save.', u"Kendall Graveman took a shutout into the eighth inning before Castillo led off with a homer. Bogaerts doubled off Tyler Clippard (0-3) and Castillo's single capped the scoring.", u'Kendall Graveman blanked Boston on five hits and took a 4-0 lead into the eighth. He was pulled after Castillo led off with a homer.', u"The Red Sox kept rallying on Hanley Ramirez's RBI single and David Ortiz's sacrifice fly. Bogaerts doubled off the Green Monster before Alejandro De Aza and Castillo added RBI singles.", u'Mark Canha and Josh Reddick each had three hits for Oakland.', u'Clay Buchholz allowed four runs and 10 hits \u2014 five doubles \u2014 in 4 2-3 innings.', u'The Athletics scored three times in the second. Canha had an RBI double, Reddick scored on a wild pitch and Eric Sogard added a run-scoring single.', u"The A's made it 4-0 in the fourth on Josh Phegley's RBI double before leaving the bases loaded.", u'Buchholz was coming off a solid stretch of four starts when he posted a 1.47 ERA despite going 1-2.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Athletics: 3B Brett Lawrie was in the lineup after not starting Saturday to rest his back. On Friday, his broken bat struck a fan and she was seriously injured.', u'Red Sox: RHP Justin Masterson, on the 15-day DL with shoulder tendinitis, is scheduled to make his third rehab start, Wednesday for Triple-A Pawtucket.', u'UP NEXT', u'Athletics: RHP Sonny Gray (7-2, 1.65 ERA) is scheduled to face Texas RHP Nick Martinez (4-2, 2.89) when they open a three-game homestand on Tuesday. Gray currently owns the best ERA in the majors.', u'Red Sox: LHP Eduardo Rodriguez (2-0, 0.61 ERA) looks to continue his dazzling beginning in the big leagues in his third start when Boston opens a three-game series against his former organization in Baltimore on Tuesday. RHP Miguel Gonzalez (5-4, 3.54) is slated to start for the Orioles.']), ([u"Wieters Homers, Norris Wins in Return as O's Top Indians 7-3"], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Matt Wieters hit his first home run in more than a year and Bud Norris won in his return from the disabled list as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 7-3 Sunday.', u'Adam Jones also went deep to help the Orioles take two of three in the series. They have won three of four after losing five in a row.', u'Wieters, the All-Star catcher who returned Friday from Tommy John surgery last season, connected in the ninth for his first home run since May 1, 2014. He was 5 for 12 with three RBIs in the series.', u'Norris (2-4) was activated before the game after missing a month with bronchitis. He allowed one run and struck out seven in five innings to win for the first time since April 26.']), ([u'Francoeur Lifts Phillies to 6-4 Win Over Giants'], [u'PHILADELPHIA \u2014  Pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur drove in two runs with a two-out double in the seventh inning to help the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 6-4 on Sunday and stave off a series sweep.', u'Freddy Galvis led off the inning with a single. After another hit and a double play, Ben Revere worked a walk to set the stage for Francoeur. He hit a pitch from San Francisco reliever Javier Lopez into the left-field corner, scoring Galvis and Revere.', u'Right-hander Ken Giles (2-1) earned the victory, getting five outs. He struck out the side in the eighth inning for the Phillies, who ended a three-game losing streak. Jonathan Papelbon allowed a run in the ninth inning, but managed his 12th save in as many opportunities.', u'Maikel Franco hit a solo home run in the bottom of the eighth inning, his sixth of the season, to give the Phillies an extra insurance run.', u"Joe Panik had three hits for the Giants, who had won six consecutive road games. The World Series champions own the National League's best road record, at 16-12. Right-hander Ryan Vogelsong (4-4) took the loss. He allowed five earned runs on seven hits in 6 2/3 innings.", u'San Francisco erased an early 2-1 deficit in the third inning. Angel Pagan doubled in Panik, and Pagan scored two batters later on a groundout by Brandon Belt, to give the Giants a 3-2 lead.', u"Philadelphia rallied back and tied the game a half-inning later, on Odubel Herrera's solo home run to center field.", u"The score stayed that way until Francoeur's two-run double in the seventh inning. Vogelsong pitched into the seventh and came out of the game with two outs and two runners on. He gave way to Lopez, who promptly surrendered the hit by Francoeur.", u'Francoeur had six RBIs in nine at-bats in the series with San Francisco, including a grand slam on Saturday. He is batting 5-for-9 with five RBIs this season in pinch-hitting situations.', u'PANIK STREAKING', u"Panik's double in the third inning extended his career-best hitting streak to 12 games. In that span, he's batting .387 (19-for-49).", u'GALVIS SNAPS SLUMP', u"Galvis ended a 0-for-31 slump with a seventh-inning single to right-center field. The single was Galvis' first hit in eight games, dating to May 26.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Giants: RHP Jake Peavy (back strain) allowed two runs on four hits in 4 1/3 innings Saturday with Triple A Sacramento, in his third rehab start. RF Hunter Pence (left wrist tendinitis), who sat out all three games against his former club, remains day to day.', u"Phillies: LF Darin Ruf drove his left shoulder into the wall while tracking down a flyout by San Francisco's Brandon Belt. Ruf remained in the game.", u'UP NEXT', u"Giants: After an off day, San Francisco's second in five days, RHP Chris Heston (5-4, 4.29) gets the ball in Tuesday's opener of a three-game series in New York. Heston, who's never faced the Mets, has three wins in his last four decisions.", u'Phillies: LHP Cole Hamels (5-4, 2.88) starts for the Phillies on Monday in Cincinnati, opening an eight-game roadtrip. Philadelphia has earned wins in five of the last six starts by Hamels, who entered Sunday leading the NL with 81 1/3 innings.']), ([u'Diamondbacks Weighing Options for Top Pick in Draft'], [u"PHOENIX \u2014  The Arizona Diamondbacks have the first pick in the draft after finishing with baseball's worst record last season.", u"As the clock winds toward the start of Monday's draft, they're still trying to figure out which player to take.", u"In a draft that has some talent up top, but bereft of a sure-fire No. 1, it's not an easy decision.", u'"It\'s not the prototypical draft where you\'re picking 1-and-1 and there\'s an anointed one, so to speak," Diamondbacks director of scouting Deric Ladnier said. "But I do think that the players at the top are very desirable players that can help our organization."', u'The Diamondbacks last had the No. 1 pick in 2005. They used it to take high school shortstop Justin Upton, who went on to become an All-Star outfielder in the desert before being traded to Atlanta in 2013.', u'The top end of the 40-round draft is filled with talented players who will likely have a long-term impact on the team that drafts them, but no consensus No. 1 like Bryce Harper, Alex Rodriguez or Ken Griffey Jr.', u'That leaves the Diamondbacks will a lot of options and what figures to be plenty of debate \u2014 before and after the draft.', u'Vanderbilt shortstop Dansby Swanson appears to be the front-runner for the No. 1 pick. He plays a premium position and is a strong hitter, finishing with a .348 average, 14 homers and 61 RBIs as a junior.', u"But two other shortstops could be worth a look at No. 1: Brendan Rodgers, a high school shortstop from Lake Mary, Florida, and LSU's Alex Bregman.", u'If the Diamondbacks want an arm instead, they could go with Vanderbilt right-hander Carson Fulmer, UC Santa Barbara righty Dillon Tate or Illinois left-hander Tyler Jay.', u'They could go a completely different route, too, and take Tyler Stephenson, a high school catcher out of Kennesaw, Georgia.', u'Arizona started with a list of five players, whittled it to three and will likely have some deep discussions Monday morning before finally making their selection.', u'"I don\'t think there\'s ever a situation where everyone is always going to agree philosophically, but I think everyone will agree at the end that we\'re taking the best player for the organization," Ladnier said.', u'Though signability is not a top priority for the Diamondbacks \u2014 they want to get the best player that fits their organization \u2014 it does have to be a consideration, particularly after what happened with the Houston Astros last year.', u'They had the top pick for a record third-straight year and used it on Brady Aiken, a San Diego high school left-hander. Houston reportedly offered Aiken a hefty signing bonus, but lowered the offer when concerns about a ligament arose. The two sides never could come to an agreement.', u"Aiken went on to have Tommy John surgery and the Astros were given a compensatory pick in this year's draft, second overall to go with the No. 5 pick.", u'"We looked at our internal processes and figured out where there might be opportunities to tighten things up, (but) there are some things that are inevitable that you can\'t really control," Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow said. "But as much as the things we could control we\'ve taken a look at it and we feel better. You can\'t prevent things from happening that are outside your control."', u'Whether a player will sign is not the only consideration. Teams with the No. 1 overall pick also have to consider whether the player they want can handle the spotlight of being the first player taken.', u'Players such as Harper and Stephen Strasburg were able to handle. Because of injuries and/or off-field issues, players such as Matt Bush in 2004, Brien Taylor in 1991 and Steve Chilcott in 1966 \u2014 the only No. 1 picks to never play in the majors \u2014 never lived up to the billing.', u'"There\'s debate of who can handle being No. 1 in the draft; unfortunately, that\'s a debate that goes into it," Ladnier said. "I\'m not saying we\'re going to sacrifice ability for that, but there\'s a lot of pressure put on that individual to go out and perform as the No. 1 pick in the draft. But I think the players we are considering with the No. 1 pick, all of them can handle that."', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Kristie Rieken in Houston contributed to this report.', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show that Matt Bush was drafted in 2004, and adds Steve Chilcott to the names of No. 1 picks to never make it to the majors.']), ([u'Colabello Extends Streak, Rallies Blue Jays Past Astros 7-6'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7-6 on Sunday for their fifth straight win.', u"Jose Bautista hit a pair of solo homers and Russell Martin added a two-run shot for Toronto, which scored three times in the ninth to complete a three-game sweep. Colabello's game-ending single increased his hitting streak to 17 games, the longest active run in the majors.", u'Liam Hendriks (1-0) pitched two scoreless innings for the win.', u'Luke Gregerson (2-1) was handed his second blown save in 17 chances.', u'Pinch-hitter Munenori Kawasaki doubled to begin the ninth and scored on a single by Jose Reyes. After Reyes stole second with one out, Bautista reached on a strange single when shortstop Jonathan Villar collided with Reyes, who was standing on second base, and dropped a popup.', u'Astros manager A.J. Hinch argued, but no interference was called.', u'After a double steal, Colabello hit a grounder into center field and was mobbed by teammates, who chased him into left field for a victory scrum.', u'The AL West-leading Astros lost their season-high fourth straight.', u'Bautista opened the scoring with a two-out drive in the first, but the Astros answered in the second when Colby Rasmus scored on a wild pitch by R.A. Dickey.', u'Jake Marisnick gave Houston its first lead of the series with a solo drive in the third, the 13th home run off Dickey this season. Martin put the Blue Jays up 3-2 in the fourth with his first home run since May 6.', u'The Astros went ahead with a four-run seventh against Bo Schultz. Marisnick scored the tying run on a throwing error by third baseman Josh Donaldson. Evan Gattis hit a two-run double and Chris Carter added a sacrifice fly.', u"Bautista cut it to 6-4 in the bottom half by connecting off Will Harris, marking the 24th multihomer game of his career. It was the first run off Harris since May 6 and just the second he's allowed this season, raising his ERA to 0.65.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Astros: OF Preston Tucker, hitless in 13 at-bats, got the day off.', u'Blue Jays: Edwin Encarnacion (left shoulder) was unavailable after getting a cortisone shot Saturday. Encarnacion said he hopes to return Monday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Astros: RHP Lance McCullers (2-0, 1.88 ERA) makes his fifth major league start as Houston begins a three-game series Monday night in Chicago. McCullers beat Baltimore with a complete game in his most recent start, allowing one run and four hits. LHP Chris Sale (5-2, 3.27) starts for the White Sox.', u'Blue Jays: RHP Marco Estrada (2-3, 3.77) tries to win back-to-back starts Monday night as Toronto begins a three-game series with visiting Miami. Estrada snapped a five-start winless stretch by beating Washington in the second game of a doubleheader Tuesday. LHP Brad Hand (1-1, 4.24) starts for the Marlins.']), ([u'Cole Throws 7 Scoreless Innings to Win 4th Straight Start'], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Gerrit Cole pitched seven scoreless innings to win his fourth straight start, Starling Marte had a two-run single in the three-run fifth inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0 on Sunday.', u'Cole, the first overall draft pick of 2011, became the first Pirate since Emil Yde in 1924-25 with 30 victories in 53 or fewer career starts.', u'Cole (9-2) allowed six hits, three walks and struck out seven, throwing 74 of his 116 pitches for strikes. He leads the NL in victories and with a 1.73 ERA. His 13 victories over his last 17 starts lead the majors over that span.', u'Mark Melancon earned his 18th save in 19 chances, facing the minimum in the ninth by getting pinch-hitter Pedro Ciriaco to fly out and striking out Jace Peterson and Cameron Maybin .', u"The Pirates have won five of six and 13 of 16. They've lost only two of their last nine series overall. Atlanta has dropped four of five.", u'Alex Wood (4-3) allowed seven hits, three runs, one walk and struck out five in five innings before getting ejected, apparently yelling at home plate umpire Mark Carlson while walking off the field following the third out.', u'Wood had won three straight starts with a 1.23 ERA during that span, but he dropped to 0-3 with a 6.00 ERA in four starts this year at Turner Field.', u"The Braves' tempers were testy after Cole hit Freeman in the right leg to load the bases in the third and escaped the jam by striking out Nick Markakis and getting Juan Uribe to ground out.", u"After Cole hit Andrelton Simmons in the left arm with a 99 mph fastball during the fourth, Simmons yelled back, but the situation didn't escalate.", u'Wood threw inside at Cole, the second batter in the fifth, but apparently decided against hitting the pitcher as retribution.', u'Following singles by Josh Harrison and Jordy Mercer to load the bases, Wood struck out McCutchen, but Marte followed with a two-run single to make it 2-0, and Jung Ho Kang gave the Pirates a 3-0 lead with an RBI single.', u'Carlson warned both benches in the seventh when Brandon Cunniff threw behind McCutchen, the 2013 NL MVP.', u'Cole struggled with his command in the sixth, walking two straight to load the bases, but the right-hander ended the threat by striking out pinch-hitter Joey Terdoslavich.', u'STILL GETTING IT DONE', u'Wood escaped a jam with runners on second and third in the first when Simmons, a two-time Gold Glove winner at shortstop, lunged to his right and made a turning jump off his left foot to throw out Kang at first.', u'In the fourth, Simmons robbed Kang by snapping a hard liner.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Pirates: RF Gregory Polanco had his knee iced before the game and did not start. Manager Clint Hurdle said Polanco was available to pinch-hit. Polanco, who tweaked his knee while on base Saturday, is hitting .400 in his last 40 at-bats.', u'Braves: OF Kelly Johnson will begin a rehab assignment with Triple-A Gwinnett on Monday. Johnson has missed 22 straight games with an oblique injury.', u'UP NEXT', u'Pirates: RHP A.J. Burnett (6-1) has won each of his last six starts and had a 1.45 ERA in the first five. He his 2-6 with a 4.65 ERA in 11 career starts against Milwaukee.', u'Braves: RHP Shelby Miller (5-2) will try to win for the first time in his last four starts. Against San Diego, Miller is 1-1 with a 4.79 ERA.']), ([u'Pettersen Birdies 16 and 17 to Win Manulife LPGA Classic'], [u'(Reuters) - Suzann Pettersen paid tribute to new coach Butch Harmon after winning the Manulife LPGA Classic by a stroke in Ontario on Sunday.', u'The 34-year-old from Norway countered a sizzling charge by American Brittany Lang with a late birdie run of her own to secure the victory in breezy conditions on the Whistle Bear course in Cambridge.', u'With Lang already in the clubhouse after a brilliant seven-under-par 65, Pettersen made a tap-in birdie at the par-five 16th to tie and then a five-footer at the 17th to regain the lead.', u'A tap-in par at the last gave Pettersen her 15th LPGA victory, and her first in two years.', u'\u201cI\u2019m so glad I made a move to go to Butch,\u201d Pettersen told Golf Channel after shooting a 69 for a 22-under 266 total. \u201cI feel like it\u2019s better than it\u2019s ever been and thank Butch for believing in me.\u201d', u'Harmon, who began working with Pettersen late last year, is the instructor who guided Tiger Woods during the first six years of Woods\u2019 professional career.', u'Pettersen started the final round with a one-stroke lead, but fell back with two early bogeys.', u'\u201cI kept digging deep and finished strong, and I feel like I played really good golf this week,\u201d she said.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s nice to be back. There\u2019s probably been some tears of pain, feeling like you\u2019re bouncing your head against the wall with injuries.\u201d', u'Runner-up Lang thought she would at least get into a playoff after three straight birdies from the 15th, but watched helplessly as Pettersen responded.', u'\u201cI hit great shots under pressure. Can\u2019t be mad about that," Lang, 29, who finished runner-up at the 2005 U.S. Women\u2019s Open while still an amateur.', u'"A little let down when I heard she birdied 16 and 17. That\u2019s really good golf. She deserves it.\u201d', u'Lang has notched only one LPGA victory, in this event three years ago at a different course, but she is confident of adding to her total soon.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve been playing really good lately and finally put it together. I got some new equipment and I\u2019m hitting it a little bit longer.\u201d', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Truex Breaks Through at Pocono for 1st Win Since 2013'], [u"LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  Martin Truex Jr. slapped the top of his No. 78 Chevrolet, thrust his right fist toward the sky and bounded straight into his girlfriend's arms.", u'They hugged, kissed and Truex lifted her into the air.', u"Truex has stood by Sherry Pollex's side through her fight with ovarian cancer. Pollex was strong for Truex when his career was in flux following a scandal that cost him a shot at a championship and his ride.", u'Sunday at Pocono Raceway, they were set for an overdue celebration.', u'Truex led the most laps for the fourth straight race, only this time he was in front on the one that mattered most, breaking through for his first Sprint Cup victory since 2013.', u'"This is easily the biggest win of my career," Truex said.', u"Truex won the race and NASCAR's version of a popularity contest in victory lane. Rival drivers, owners, crew members popped by for high-fives and congratulatory messages. Dale Earnhardt Jr. hugged Pollex. Jimmie Johnson fist-bumped Truex.", u'"He\'s had more to overcome personally and professionally than probably anybody sitting in that seat right now," Johnson said.', u'Truex and Pollex, a couple since 2005, have endured their share of personal and professional heartache over the last 18 months. Pollex, was diagnosed with cancer last summer and she had various organs removed, including her ovaries, fallopian tubes and part of her stomach.', u"Furniture Row owner Barney Visser told Truex he could sit out the rest of the season following Pollex's diagnosis and still keep his ride for 2015. Truex, though greatly appreciative, declined the offer. Truex found the track therapeutic and kept him focused on something other than her disease.", u'But he was always a steady support system for Pollex.', u'"She showed me what she was made of," Truex said.', u'Pollex tweeted a selfie with Truex and the Pocono trophy from victory lane that said, "Chemo Monday victory lane Sunday."', u'"It never gets any better than this," Truex said. "It takes time to heal things, especially with what Sherry and I went through. This makes you forget all about it. Sherry\'s here healthy and she\'s as excited as I am."', u'Truex took another hit when his grandmother, Roberta, died Wednesday in the family hometown of Mayetta, New Jersey.', u'"I think the racing Gods were hanging out with my grandma today," Truex said.', u'Truex dominated off late restarts down the stretch to snap a 69-race winless streak.', u"Truex's Furniture Row Racing team had brought the same car to the track each of the last three weeks, with smashing results. Truex didn't win but he led the most laps at Kansas (95), Charlotte (131) and Dover (131). He added 97 more at Pocono.", u'Kevin Harvick was second, followed by Johnson, Joey Logano and Kurt Busch.', u'With a new car at Pocono, Truex raced to his third win in 347 career starts. Truex is the 10th driver to win a race this season and qualify for the Chase for the Sprint Cup championship.', u'Truex made the Chase in 2007 and 2012 \u2014 and should have made it in 2013.', u'"As long as they don\'t kick me out before then, I\'ll be in it," Truex said, laughing.', u"Truex's career seemingly hadn't recovered since he was booted from the 2013 Chase in the aftermath of the Richmond scandal. NASCAR determined that Michael Waltrip Racing manipulated the outcome of the race in a bid to get Truex into the Chase.", u'Truex slumped in 2014, his first year with Furniture Row after four seasons with MWR. He had just one top-five finish, led all of one lap the entire season and was a dismal 24th in the standings.', u'"It was just miserable," Truex said.', u'With his girlfriend by his side, Truex has stormed his way toward the best start of his career in his second season. He has 13 top 10s in 14 races with four top-fives.', u'"Tomorrow we are still going back to normal life and we always try to remember that and be ourselves and remember why we are here," Truex said. "And how thankful we are to be here and how lucky we are to be doing this."', u"He's feels at home \u2014 and suddenly loaded with success \u2014 at Furniture Row.", u'One reason for the turnaround: Furniture Row promoted Cole Pearn from lead race engineer to crew chief, replacing Todd Berrier.', u'"I was honestly pretty calm most of the way until we kind of came off Turn 3 and I started cheering and I started getting a little choked up at that point," Pearn said.', u"FRR, a one-car operation based in Denver, far removed from NASCAR's North Carolina hub, made the Chase in 2013 with Kurt Busch. Regan Smith had the only other win for Furniture Row in 2011.", u"Truex's only Cup wins came in 2007 at Dover and 2013 at Sonoma.", u"Truex is second in the points standings and has done it without any help from teammates. Truex's team shares a technical alliance with Richard Childress Racing and he's often considered a fourth RCR driver. RCR has alliances with single-car teams, with AJ Allmendinger and Casey Mears also under the organization's umbrella.", u"Truex's win ended a recent of run of Hendrick Motorsports domination at Pocono. Hendrick drivers had won the last five races at the track, highlighted by Earnhardt's sweep last season.", u'No one seemed to mind Sunday.']), ([u'Triple Crown Winner American Pharoah Gets Deserved Rest'], [u'ELMONT, New York \u2014  Less than 24 hours after joining the exclusive ', u' club, ', u' champion American Pharoah appeared ready for the next challenge.', u'"Looking at the horse today, he looked pretty darn good for a horse that just ran a mile and a half," trainer Bob Baffert told reporters on Sunday. "He\'s a tough horse. Today he looked like he could run back in three weeks."', u'American Pharoah became the 12th winner of the U.S. Triple Crown by winning the $1.5 Belmont Stakes on Saturday, after claiming the ', u' on May 2 and the ', u' two weeks later.', u"No horse had swept all three since Affirmed in 1978 and Saturday's triumph sent the Belmont Park crowd of 90,000 into hysterics. As jockey Victor Espinoza walked the colt in front of the grandstand after the race, the cheers were at full volume.", u"After a career-opening loss at Del Mar, American Pharoah is a perfect seven-for-seven, including Saturday's commanding 5-1/2-length victory over Wood Memorial winner Frosted.", u'"Everybody was on board with this horse," Baffert said of the adoring Belmont Park fans. "This journey with this horse has been incredible since we started it. From the Rebel (Stakes) to the Arkansas Derby, the whole (Kentucky) Derby thing.', u'"There was a lot of pressure, and then there\'s the stress. I was really relieved to win the Derby, and I was happy to win the Preakness, and yesterday was very emotional for me."', u"Baffert's three previous attempts to claim the Triple Crown at Belmont Park ended in heartbreak after losses by Silver Charm, Real Quiet and War Emblem.", u'"I was starting to believe that maybe it was never going to happen," he said. "You have to have a superior horse, and he also has to be tough and be able to handle the grind."', u"For American Pharoah's curtain call, probably in August, Baffert is looking at the Haskell Invitational, the Jim Dandy, the Travers Stakes, or perhaps the Pacific Classic. But for now, the son of Pioneerof the Nile is getting a well-deserved mini-vacation.", u'"After we freshen him up, we have options," said Baffert. "We\'ll have time to figure it all out, and right now we just want to love on him and enjoy him."', u"The colt's career will likely end in October at the Breeders' Cup at Keeneland in Lexington, Kentucky.", u'"We want to share him with the fans. He\'s our Stanley Cup," said Baffert.', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Dixon Dominates Texas Race That Should Ease IndyCar Angst'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Scott Dixon certainly knows how to get to Victory Lane, even if he prefers staying out of the spotlight.', u'"Scott is a racer. ... He is an incredible driver," said Tony Kanaan, the runner-up in Texas by 7.8 seconds to his Chip Ganassi Racing teammate. "Does he care if people talk about him or not? Not really. He\'s going to get that trophy."', u'Dixon led 97 of 248 laps for his second win this season and the 37th of his career, fifth on the IndyCar Series list. It was the fastest race ever on the high-banked, 1 1/2-mile Texas track, with an average speed of 191.94 mph for the No. 9 Chevrolet on a day with only one caution for debris.', u'"If you ask any driver that races against Scott, they\'re going to respect him a lot," Kanaan said. "That\'s the biggest thing in racing."', u'Sharing the podium after Saturday night\'s race with third-place finisher Helio Castroneves, Kanaan joked that "me and Helio like to be famous." His fellow Brazilian and "Dancing With the Stars" champion quickly agreed.', u'IndyCar races the streets of Toronto next weekend, but the series will be able to go California at the end of the month with much less angst about how the cars will perform on the 2-mile superspeedway with the new aero kits.', u'There were no crashes and no spins at the high-speed Texas track.', u'Texas was also the debut of closure panels on rear wheel guards on all cars after three Chevrolets went airborne during practice for the Indianapolis 500. Those panels, also mandated for California and Pocono, are designed to eliminate lift when an Indy car is traveling backward at a high rate of speed during an accident.', u'They were never put to a real test in Texas, and Dixon strategist Mike Hull said they had no effect on the race. He called them a success since "we really didn\'t have anything against the fence."', u'This is the 10th season in a row with multiple victories for three-time series champion Dixon. But the last time Dixon had two wins so early in a season was 2009.', u'"We would obviously like to start the season stronger. I would say right now this is one of our better ones," said Dixon, who didn\'t win until at least the 11th race three out of the past four years. "But still a long ways to go."', u'Dixon is third in points though nine of 16 races, trailing Team Penske drivers Juan Pablo Montoya and Will Power.', u'Montoya was fourth in Texas, ahead of Marco Andretti, who was in the highest-finishing Honda and the last car on the lead lap.', u'Ryan Hunter-Reay had the only crash at Texas, in the first practice Friday when his Honda spun and headed backward toward the outside wall. His left rear slammed hard before sliding down the track, but the car never went airborne.', u'There are plenty of different options for teams with the new aero kits, and there were plenty of different strategies in play Saturday night at Texas, where finding the right mix proved quite a challenge.', u"Even Dixon, who started ninth, tried to push back against his team's decision to go with maximum downforce at the start with other cars in front of him going with less.", u'Dixon said the debate started after the last practice Friday, and that he thought he was getting his way until a text from his engineer about seven hours before the race telling him they were going the opposite direction.', u'"In hindsight, I\'m glad they understood what they were doing," Dixon said.', u'Defending race champion Ed Carpenter finished 22nd of 23 drivers and completed only 147 laps, though he was never in contention before mechanical issues.', u'Power was the Texas polesitter for the third year in a row but led only the first seven laps. He finished 13th, four laps behind Dixon.', u'"We got a bit blindsided there and chose the wrong downforce level," Power said. "But I think our problems were deeper than that."']), ([u"Great Shots, Crazy Shorts -- Wawrinka's Roland Garros Legacy"], [u'PARIS \u2014  Forget the breathtaking backhands, formidable forehands and astonishing aces that Stanislas Wawrinka produced during his magnificent run to the ', u' title -- it was his bizarre red and white checked shorts that stole the limelight on Sunday.', u"Where did he get the design? A pair of pyjamas tucked away in his father's wardrobe, or was it from a 1970's wallpaper still hanging on an old relative's house? Perhaps it was from a blanket handed down in the family over generations.", u'The hullabaloo over his "lost property" park-player outfit was not lost on the new champion on Sunday as he draped the baggy shorts over the dais in front of him, placing them next to the gleaming Musketeers\' Cup.', u'"I know a lot of people talk about it, and it\'s quite funny that they won the French Open," grinned Wawrinka after joining the likes of Mats Wilander and Ivan Lendl in completing the boys\' trophy-Musketeers\' Cup double at Roland Garros.', u'A few days after declaring he was going to "swim, play tennis and then sleep in them", he announced that the star attraction of the 2015 French Open was heading for a new home.', u'"They will be in the museum of Roland Garros. You will see my shorts every day if you want," he added to hoots of laughter.', u'"Everybody talks about those shorts since I put them on. Apparently I\'m the only one who likes it."', u'Jokes aside, Wawrinka was still struggling to digest the fact that he had won a second grand slam title, and did it by overcoming a player who had until Sunday, been unbeatable on clay in 2015.', u'Novak Djokovic was on a 28 match winning streak. The world number one had beaten nine-times champion Rafa Nadal and third seed Andy Murray to enter the final with a 16-0 record on clay this year.', u'The Serb had also beaten Wawrinka in 17 of their previous 20 meetings.', u'Despite the stats stacked against him, Wawrinka showed that what happens in the past does not dictate the future.', u'"To say that I won the French Open, it\'s something completely crazy," said the 30-year-old.', u'"Winning this one is really special, playing Novak here in final, the number one player. He won almost everything since beginning of the year.', u'"I\'m still surprised the way I played, because I think I played amazing today. I was really nervous but I didn\'t choke.  I was always going for my shots."', u'A slow-starter who won his first major at the Australian Open 18 months ago, Wawrinka added: "It\'s quite strange when I tell myself that I have an (Olympic) gold medal, the Davis Cup and two grand slams. It\'s quite amazing. Never expected that so late in my career."', u'(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Injured Iniesta to Miss Spain\u2019s Euro Qualifier With Belarus'], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta will miss Spain\u2019s Euro 2016 qualifier in Belarus due to injury, it has been confirmed on the national team\u2019s website on Sunday.', u'Iniesta looked sharp as Barca beat Juventus in the Champions League final on Saturday but has now been ruled out of a friendly with Costa Rica on Thursday as well as the clash against Belarus next Sunday.', u'"Andres Iniesta will not be with the squad due to some problems he has had this week," read a statement on ', u'.', u'Spain, who have won the previous two European Championships, lie second in Group C with 12 points from five games, with Slovakia out in front with 15.', u'Vicente del Bosque\u2019s side host Slovakia in September in a match that could decide who goes to the tournament in France next year as group winners.', u'(', u'. Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Madeleine Sheils Wins First Symetra Tour Title'], [u'BATTLE CREEK, Mich. \u2014  Madeleine Sheils won the FireKeepers Casino Hotel Championship by two strokes Sunday for her first Symetra Tour title.', u'Sheils birdied two of the last four holes for a bogey-free 4-under 68 and a 10-under 206 total at Battle Creek Country Club.', u'"It feels absolutely amazing," Sheils said. "I\'m still a little bit in shock, though. I think this one will take a little bit to set in, but the emotions outside the scoring tent were relief, excitement, shock and just pure joy."', u'The 25-year-old former University of Nebraska player from Boise, Idaho, earned $15,000 to jump from 24th to 10th on the money list with $26,356. The final top 10 will earn 2016 LPGA Tour cards.', u'"Every dollar helps, so $15,000 definitely helps," Sheils said. "There is a lot of season left and this is something I can build on."', u'Lindy Duncan and Katelyn Sepmoree tied for second. Duncan finished with a 68, and Sepmoree had a 71.', u"South Korea's Jacey Chun was third at 7 under after a 71. Playing alongside Sheils, Chun blew a three-stroke lead on the back nine. She had a double bogey, three bogeys and a birdie on the final seven holes.", u'Sheils took the lead with a birdie on No. 15. Chun made a double bogey for a three-stroke swing.', u'"Jacey had played so well on the day and she was 5 under and I was down four shots through 11 holes," Sheils said. "I got to 15 and it was downwind and firm on a long par-5 and I hit this awesome 3-wood onto the green in two shots and two-putted for birdie, so that was a huge swing in momentum."', u'Sheils made a 25-foot birdie putt on the par-4 17th.', u'"That was huge," Sheils said. "I was probably a little unconscious at that point. I saw my spot, pictured it rolling in and then it did. It was the perfect putt at the perfect time."', u"Sheils is the second player from Idaho to win on the tour. Janell Howland, also from Boise and now the women's golf coach at North Carolina-Greensboro, won the 2007 Louisiana Pelican Classic."]), ([u'South American Soccer HQ Could Face Raids if New Law Passes'], [u"ASUNCION \u2014  Lawmakers across Paraguay's political divide are urging senators to approve stripping the headquarters of South American football of its legal immunity, a status that spotlights how soccer's global governing body FIFA has often been able to skirt legally around national laws.", u'A draft bill to remove the immunity was put to Congress in late May, days after U.S. authorities indicted 14 past and present senior soccer officials and sports media executives on a series of corruption charges, including bribery and money laundering. FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation last week as the investigation of FIFA and its affiliates continued to widen.', u"Among those indicted was Nicolas Leoz, a Paraguayan national and former president of CONMEBOL, the sport's governing organization in South America.", u"But if U.S. justice officials wanted Paraguayan authorities to raid the confederation's HQ in the hunt for evidence, they will have been disappointed up to now. The pseudo-diplomatic status granted to the complex by the government in 1997 means that police and prosecutors are prohibited from searching it.", u"CONMEBOL's home sprawls across the manicured grounds of a 98-acre (40-hectare) site on the outskirts of the Paraguayan capital, Asuncion, and boasts a luxury hotel and helipad.", u"The existing law provides legal immunity for the headquarters, although CONMEBOL's officials themselves do not enjoy the same personal legal immunity as diplomats and their private homes and offices are not covered.", u'As a former president of the body, Leoz had no more immunity than any other Paraguayan citizen and no longer occupied any offices covered by the existing law, his lawyer Ricardo Preda said. Preda has said his client maintains his innocence.', u"Supporters of the bill, which sped through the lower house of Congress last week, say they are confident it will win the Senate's backing because it is broadly popular. A vote in the senate could be held as early as Thursday.", u"The draft legislation would lift the legal shield around CONMEBOL's physical space and allow police to search the complex for documents and computer files that might aid the U.S. investigation.", u'"The urgency for the Senate to act is precisely that documents could disappear while it is being debated," said Hugo Rubin, the congressman who drafted the new legislation.', u'However, it was not clear if the legislation would stand up to challenges over documents and electronic files created before the new law became active. The draft bill makes no reference to retroactive powers, Rubin said, raising the specter of legal disputes over what might be permissible in court.', u'SUPPORT FOR THE BILL', u"President Horacio Cartes has thrown his weight behind the bill and would be likely to sign the bill into effect rapidly if it is passed by the Senate. Cartes, a business magnate, became president in 2013, returning his center-right Colorado Party to power after a brief period of leftist rule of the country. The Colorado Party holds 19 of the Senate's 45 seats.", u'The opposition Liberal Party, the second biggest bloc in the Senate, also supports the legislation.', u'Blas Llano, head of Congress and a Liberal Party senator, has said CONMEBOL\'s immunity privileges "deserve to be revoked."', u'Twenty three votes in favor are required for the bill to pass, ending a status that critics said echoed FIFA culture.', u'"The diplomatic immunity that CONMEBOL has received for nearly two decades in Paraguay is illustrative of the legal gray area in which FIFA operates within host countries," security consultancy group InSight Crime wrote in a briefing note.', u'If immunity is lifted, police agents may swoop, as Swiss authorities have on FIFA and the FBI on the headquarters of Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football, CONCACAF, in Miami.', u"A spokesman for Paraguay's national police did not respond to requests for comment.", u'Leoz, 86, and the other defendants were indicted by U.S. authorities for allegedly running a criminal enterprise that involved more than $150 million in bribes. He ran CONMEBOL (the South American Football Confederation) for 27 years until 2013, and is now under house arrest in his plush residence in an up-market neighborhood in the capital.', u'"There has been no request too search any of his properties. There has been no confiscation of his property," said Preda, Leoz\'s lawyer. Leoz is likely to fight extradition to the United States, given Preda said his client had been "surprised" by the charges and that he was innocent.', u'Leoz successfully brushed off previous corruption allegations and enjoys a quasi-hero status in the South American country, a footballing minnow that borders soccer giants Argentina and Brazil.', u'There are still some lawmakers who support the status quo. Senator Miguel Saguier defended the current immunity law and said it had been demanded by FIFA as a condition for Paraguay hosting CONMEBOL.', u'"Such immunity does not prevent the imprisonment of anyone. They are creating a storm in a tea cup," Saguier said in recent comments to Paraguay\'s National Radio. The Liberal Party senator did not say how he would vote.', u'On Saturday, Juan Angel Napout, the current head of CONMEBOL, promised to "promote transparency" and said the body would ensure the current immunity provisions did not hinder investigations.', u'(Additional reporting by Mitra Taj in Lima; Writing by Richard Lough; Editing by Frances Kerry)']), ([u'Hamilton Savors Canada Win After Monaco Blow'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Lewis Hamilton put Monaco misery behind him on Sunday with a controlled Canadian Grand Prix victory that sent the Formula One world champion 17 points clear of Mercedes team mate and title rival Nico Rosberg.', u"The Briton's fourth victory in seven races this season, and fourth career win in Canada, denied Rosberg a third triumph in a row and provided the perfect response to losing out in the showcase race two weeks ago.", u'There he had been leading comfortably from pole only to lose out after a needless late pitstop when the safety car was deployed.', u'There was no need for the safety car on Sunday, at a circuit that has seen it plenty of times in the past, and there was little in the way of drama either -- other than a startled groundhog appearing on the track -- as Hamilton led from pole.', u'Rosberg was never close enough to attack, finishing 2.2 seconds behind after having to manage his brakes while Hamilton also had to coast at times to save fuel.', u'The rest of the field was in another race entirely, with Hamilton lapping all but six of the cars behind him at the circuit where he took his first F1 win in 2007 with McLaren.', u"Finland's Valtteri Bottas was third for Williams, a massive 40.6 seconds behind Hamilton, to become the first driver from outside Mercedes or Ferrari to appear on the podium this year.", u'"I love Montreal," Hamilton told the crowd as he stood on the podium after his 37th career win. "Nico was quick but I felt like I always had it under control.', u'"Did I need this?" he asked the spectators to raucous cheers. "I think so."', u'On his way to victory, Hamilton also replaced 1992 champion Nigel Mansell as the British driver to lead most laps in Formula One history.', u'Bottas moved up one place from where he started, beating his fellow-Finn Kimi Raikkonen after the Ferrari driver spun following a pitstop, and looked forward to more podium appearances.', u'"I think we really needed this result," he said.', u'"Like last year we saw that it really boosts confidence. We know again now that we are a top team and that we can fight for podiums."', u'Raikkonen finished fourth, ahead of team mate Sebastian Vettel who fought his way through the field from 18th at the start.', u"Bottas's Brazilian team mate Felipe Massa finished sixth after starting 15th, and provided some of the more memorable ovartakes.", u"Venezuelan Pastor Maldonado scored his first points of the season for Lotus in seventh place and Germany's Nico Hulkenberg limbered up for his Le Mans 24 Hours debut next weekend with eighth place for Force India.", u"Russian Daniil Kvyat was ninth for Red Bull and Frenchman Romain Grosjean took the final point for Lotus after a late coming together with Manor Marussia's Will Stevens.", u"Neither of the McLarens finished the race, with Spain's double world champion Fernando Alonso expressing his frustration over the radio at being told save fuel.", u'"Already I have big problems now. Driving with this, looking like amateur. So I race and then I concentrate on the fuel," Alonso told his race engineer.', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips/Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Bruce Hits 2 HRs, Leads Cueto, Reds Over Padres 4-0'], [u'CINCINNATI \u2014  Jay Bruce homered twice to drive in all four runs and Johnny Cueto earned his first win in almost a month, leading the Cincinnati Reds over the San Diego Padres 4-0 Sunday.', u'Cueto and relievers J.J. Hoover and Aroldis Chapman combined to retire the last 15 batters, helping the Reds avoid a sweep.', u'Cueto (4-4) gave up four hits in seven innings, striking out nine and walking two. It was his first win since May 9.', u"The right-hander made his second start since missing two outings because of inflammation in his pitching elbow. Last year, he became the Reds' first 20-game winner since 1988.", u'Odrisamer Despaigne (3-4) lasted six innings. The Padres had won six straight over the Reds since May 2014.', u'San Diego was shut out for the 10th time this season.', u'Bruce led off the second with his eighth homer of the season and first in 17 games.', u"The Reds needed only four pitches to open up a 4-0 lead in the sixth. Joey Votto singled and went to third on Todd Frazier's double into the right-field corner on Despaigne's next pitch.", u"One strike later, Bruce lofted a 343-foot fly ball that bounced off the roof over the visitors' bullpen down the right-field line for his first multihomer game of the season and 16th of his career.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Padres: RHP Brandon Morrow might be one more rehab start away from returning to the Padres, manager Bud Black said. Morrow, on the disabled list since May 5 with right shoulder inflammation, was scheduled to start on Sunday for Double-A San Antonio.', u'Reds: Devin Mesoraco, unable to catch because squatting aggravates his hip impingement, is expected to report to Triple-A Louisville on Monday for the next step in his conversion to left field \u2014 actual game experience.', u'UP NEXT', u'Padres: After striking out a season-high eight while snapping his four-start losing streak in his last outing, RHP Ian Kennedy (3-5) pitches the opener of a four-game series in Atlanta on Monday.', u'Reds: After taking a no-hit bid two outs into the seventh inning of his last start at Philadelphia on June 3, RHP Mike Leake (2-4) starts the opener of a three-game home series against the Phillies on Monday.']), ([u'IOC Suspends Recognition of SportAccord'], [u'LAUSANNE \u2014  The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Sunday suspended its recognition of SportAccord, whose president Marius Vizer resigned last month after sparking a row over the control of international sports federations.', u"Vizer had challenged the IOC's grip on global sports, accusing it of being dated and blocking the creation of new events as well as lacking transparency.", u'His sharply-worded comments triggered a wave of departures from the umbrella organization, representing some 100 international sports federations.', u"Many of the departing federations accused Vizer of a unilateral move and not speaking on behalf of SportAccord's members.", u'The IOC said in a statement that it would support the federations "in all the initiatives being taken to restructure their representation following the serious internal problems of SportAccord."', u'"We do not want the clean athletes to suffer in any way from this vacuum. We are offering the international federations concerned all the services and advice in the fight against doping which have been offered so far by SportAccord and financed by the IOC and WADA.', u'"We will be making the same offer with regard to good governance as well as on match-fixing and related corruption, and the IOC is ready to provide this support directly. We must ensure that there is not a vacuum during this ongoing process."', u'The statement added: "Like many members of SportAccord, we are suspending our recognition and we will withhold our funding until these questions are answered and an agreement between the stakeholders has been reached," added the statement', u'"We are awaiting the outcome of the consultations and, when the time is right, we would like to invite these stakeholders here to discuss how services can best be provided in the future to the above-mentioned organizations."', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u"Powerful Norway Thump Thailand 4-0 in Women's World Cup"], [u"OTTAWA \u2014  The Norwegian women's football team, seeking to revive a more glorious era, brushed aside debutants Thailand 4-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B match on Sunday and could easily have scored more.", u'Captain Trine Ronning converted a free kick in the 15th minute and striker Isabell Herlovsen netted a quick first half brace as the Thais struggled to cope with their more muscular and skilful opponents.', u'Despite the warm conditions, Norway kept up the pressure in the second half, when teenage forward Ada Hegerberg added a goal and Maren Mjelde then missed a penalty.', u'"Our physical strength is better, we have a more tactically mature team and that brought us the win," said Norwegian coach Even Pellerud.', u"Norway, ranked 11th in the world, were one of the early women's  powerhouses and won the World Cup in 1995. But in recent years they have been largely eclipsed by Germany and the United States and did not qualify from their opening group in the 2011 tournament.", u"This year's World Cup marks the first time that 24 teams are taking part, up from 16 last time.", u'Thailand, ranked 29th, missed a good chance early and visibly lost confidence against a much more experienced Norwegian side.', u'"We learned how women\'s soccer is played at the international level ... We\'ll have to develop our team a lot more," Thai coach Nuengrutai Srathongvian told reporters.', u"Norway's third goal epitomized the team's dominance. Solveig Gulbrandsen found herself confronted by two defenders but effortlessly pushed past them and sent in a cross that Herlovsen converted with a close range header.", u"Pellerud criticized his team, saying they needed to pass better in their opponents' half and also to convert more of their scoring opportunities.", u"The Norwegians spurned several excellent chances. As well as Mjelde's penalty miss, Herlovsen had a goal chalked off for offside and Hegerberg twice hit posts.", u"Norway's next game is on Jun.e 11 in Ottawa against top-ranked Germany, one of the favourites to win the tournament. Thailand will play fellow outsiders Ivory Coast the same day.", u'Germany take on 67th ranked Ivory Coast in the second Group B game later on Sunday in Ottawa.', u'(Reporting by David Ljunggren, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Lewis Hamilton Wins Canadian Grand Prix'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Lewis Hamilton quickly put his Monaco pit stop blunder \u2014 and everyone else in the Formula One field \u2014 behind him.', u"The reigning world champion won the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday, leading from the pole to the checkered flag with no threat from anyone except his Mercedes teammate, Nico Rosberg. Hamilton's problems in the previous race were also internal: A late strategic decision by his team cost him a chance at a fourth victory of the year.", u'He made up for it the very next chance he got.', u'"Did I need this?" he asked the cheering crowd after returning to the top of the podium for the first time since winning three of the first four races of the season.', u'"I think so," he said with a smile. "I think so."', u"A four-time winner on the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve and the current leader in the Formula One standings, Hamilton finished the 70 laps on Montreal's Isle Notre-Dame in 1 hour, 31 minutes, 53.145 seconds \u2014 2.285 seconds faster than Rosberg in the other Silver Arrow Mercedes.", u'"Great to get back on the top step," said Hamilton, who expanded his lead over Rosberg in the championship standings to 151-134. "It was a great race. I don\'t know how good it was to watch."', u"Hamilton's only stumble was when he locked his brakes a few laps from the end, and other than that the main excitement was a groundhog wandering onto the track and then quickly scurrying back to safety. Rosberg briefly took the lead when his teammate pitted during lap 29, but Hamilton took it right back when the German stopped to change his tires a lap later.", u'"I was pushing like mad to try to put the pressure on, but he didn\'t make any mistakes," said Rosberg, who had won the previous two races. "It was a good race. Unfortunately, I couldn\'t make it happen. But second place \u2014 still OK."', u'Valtteri Bottas was third, giving Williams its first appearance on the podium all season, thanks to a spinout by Kimi Raikkonen in the 27th lap. Despite posting the fastest lap of the day \u2014 with an average speed of 126.7 mph (203.9 kph) \u2014 the Finn finished fourth, right ahead of Ferrari teammate Sebastien Vettel.', u'The 2013 Canadian GP champion and No. 3 in the points race, Vettel started near the back of the pack after failing to make it out of the first qualifying session. He was pushed to 18th on the starting grid because of a five-position penalty for passing another car with the red flag out in practice.', u'But the four-time F1 champion steadily moved up and solidified his hold on third in the standings, with 108 points.', u'Hamilton won three of the first five races this season and finished second two other times heading into the Monaco Grand Prix on May 24. He was leading there when a late crash brought out the safety car, and Mercedes called him in to change tires.', u'Rosberg and Vettel passed him, and it was too late for Hamilton to retake the lead; he finished third, gritting his teeth all the way to the podium. Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe apologized, but Hamilton insisted he was looking forward, not back.', u'On Sunday, he said he was not discouraged by the strategic error because he knew he still had the fastest car.', u'Asked if he was relieved to put overcome the Monaco mishap, he said, "I didn\'t feel I needed to be relieved."', u'The day was not as good for McLaren, with both cars failing to finish.', u'Jenson Button had a disastrous weekend, unable to get onto the track in qualifying and retiring 16 laps early on Sunday. Fernando Alonso was the first one out of the race, complaining that he lost power in the 44th lap.', u'After the race, Alonso tweeted to Button a picture of the order of finish upside down.', u'"Is this a bit better?" he asked his teammate. "Well, probably depends upon how you look at it."']), ([u"Gijon Snatch Dramatic Promotion to Spain's La Liga"], [u'BARCELONA, June7 \u2014  - A 3-0 victory for Sporting Gijon at champions Real Betis saw them seen them snatch promotion to La Liga on a dramatic final day of the season on Sunday as Girona conceded a goal in injury time to draw 1-1 at home to Lugo and miss out.', u'Girona took the lead through Francisco Sandaza before halftime and were on the verge of securing a place in the top flight for the first time before Pablo Caballero headed home an equaliser for Lugo in the 91st minute.', u'There was still time for the home side to have a goal ruled out for offside and with fans protesting, a linesman was hit by an object thrown from the crowd. It led to a short suspension before the final minute of the match was played.', u'Sporting, who were relegated from La Liga three years ago, trailed Girona in the fight for second place by two points going into the final set of matches with leaders Betis already assured of promotion.', u'Goals from Miguel Angel Guerrero, Jony Rodriguez and Isma Lopez against Betis saw them leapfrog into second on goal difference while heartbroken Girona do still have a chance of reaching La Liga through the play-offs.', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Sabathia Sharp Before Ejection; Yankees Sweep Angels, 6-2'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  CC Sabathia pitched six sharp innings before being ejected for arguing balls and strikes, Brett Gardner hit a tiebreaking, three-run homer Sunday and the New York Yankees won their season-high sixth straight game, 6-2 over the Los Angeles Angels.', u'Jose Pirela hit his first big league homer and Chris Young also connected off C.J. Wilson (3-5) for New York, which came back to win after building big leads in the first two games of the series. The Yankees swept the Angels, losers of five in a row, in a series of at least three games for the first time since 2003.', u'Sabathia (3-7) gave up back-to-back homers to Mike Trout and Albert Pujols in the first inning but then breezed through a struggling Angles lineup the rest of the way, notching his 2,500th career strikeout in the fifth.', u"Pujols' homer was his 535th, breaking a tie with Jimmie Foxx for 17th place on the career list.", u'After getting Kole Calhoun to end the sixth with a double-play grounder, Sabathia indicated his displeasure with the strike zone as he walked off the field, pointing to the ground and shouting at plate umpire Dan Bellino.', u'Bellino tossed the big lefty as he crossed the first base line, and manager Joe Girardi jumped the dugout railing and raced toward home plate. He was quickly ejected, too. Sabathia, meanwhile, changed his path and hustled toward home. He was physically restrained by a teammate as he yelled at Bellino.', u'It was the second consecutive solid start for Sabathia in a trying season. He followed up a two-run, three-hit outing in Seattle by giving up five hits and two runs with a walk and seven strikeouts.', u'On regular rest, Sabathia was pitching in place of Michael Pineda, who had his turn skipped as the Yankees manage the innings workload for the injury-prone righty.', u"Wilson worked neatly into the fifth, allowing only Didi Gregorius' RBI grounder. But Young led off the inning with his first homer since May 2 before John Ryan Murphy and Gregorius singled. Gardner then lined a shot to the short right-field porch for a 5-2 lead.", u'Pirela homered off Wilson to start the seventh. Wilson gave up seven hits and six runs in seven innings.', u"The Angels ran themselves out of a run in the third. Erick Aybar, jogging home on David Freese's fly to the corner in right, failed to cross the plate before Trout was nabbed at second for a double play on a strong throw by Carlos Beltran.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Angels: With a day off Monday, manager Mike Scioscia said he didn\'t see the need to get reliever Joe Smith or closer Huston Street into a game just for work even after not pitching for four days. "They\'ve pitched a lot. I don\'t see that four or five days off is necessarily a bad thing, if it comes to that," Scioscia said.', u'Yankees: CF Jacoby Ellsbury (knee sprain) is making progress but there is no date yet for him to take batting practice. ... Girardi said he would talk after the game with general manager Brian Cashman about the return of infielder Brendan Ryan. He has been out since the start of the season with a calf strain.', u'UP NEXT', u'Angles: RHP Matt Shoemaker (3-4) starts at Tampa Bay on Tuesday. The Angels took two of three from the Rays last week in Anaheim, California.', u'Yankees: Masahiro Tanaka (3-1) makes his second start Tuesday since a DL stint when New York opens a two-game set against Washington. The Japanese right-hander struck out a season-high nine in a win over Seattle his last time out.']), ([u'Homers by Cespedes, Martinez Lead Tigers Past White Sox 6-4'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Yoenis Cespedes and J.D. Martinez homered in the sixth inning to power the Detroit Tigers past the Chicago White Sox 6-4 on Sunday.', u'The Tigers have won consecutive games after dropping eight straight, their longest skid since 2005.', u'Alfredo Simon (6-3) struck out seven and allowed four runs \u2014 one earned \u2014 in eight innings. Joakim Soria earned his 16th save in 18 chances.', u'Detroit finished with 10 hits after getting 18 on Saturday. The middle of the order \u2014 Cespedes, Tyler Collins and Martinez \u2014 combined for eight hits and six RBIs.', u'The Tigers rallied with three runs in the sixth on homers by Cespedes and Martinez, who had three RBIs.', u"Cespedes cut Detroit's deficit to 4-3 with a solo shot, his eighth. Two batters later, Martinez hit a two-run drive, his 10th.", u'Cespedes added an RBI single in the eighth.', u'Avisail Garcia hit a three-run homer for the last-place White Sox. Jeff Samardzija (4-4) allowed six runs and 10 hits in 7 1-3 innings. He has given up 15 runs in his last 12 1-3 innings.', u"Collins' RBI single put the Tigers ahead in the first. Samardzija leads the majors with 17 runs allowed in the first inning.", u'Garcia connected in the bottom half. He has homered in two of the last three games, and three of his six homers this season have come against Detroit.', u'All the runs were unearned after first baseman Miguel Cabrera committed a two-out fielding error.', u"Adam Eaton's RBI triple added to the White Sox lead in the second.", u"Martinez's RBI single cut into the cushion in the fourth. Collins scored after he tripled when Garcia fell down attempting to make the catch in right field. The White Sox doubled up Martinez at first base on a fly to right.", u'Simon has two victories in seven starts after beginning the season with four consecutive wins.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Tigers: The team has not announced when RHP Justin Verlander (triceps strain) will make his next start. He struck out nine and allowed an unearned run in 5 2-3 innings Saturday in possibly his final rehab assignment at Triple-A Toledo. Manager Brad Ausmus said he was waiting to hear from Verlander about how he felt.', u'White Sox: LHP Dan Jennings went on the 15-day disabled list with inflammation on the left side of his neck. The move is retroactive to Friday. He is 1-2 with a 7.83 ERA in 22 relief appearances. . Chicago purchased the contract of RHP Junior Guerra from Triple-A Charlotte. Guerra has yet to appear in the majors and is 2-6 with a 2.72 ERA in 12 games between Charlotte and Double-A Birmingham.', u'UP NEXT', u'Tigers: After an off day Monday, RHP Anibal Sanchez (3-7, 5.69 ERA) will start Tuesday to open a two-game interleague series against the Chicago Cubs.', u'White Sox: LHP Chris Sale (5-2, 3.27) starts Monday in the opener of a three-game series against the Houston Astros.']), ([u'Wiggins Smashes UCI World Hour Record'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Briton Bradley Wiggins added the UCI world hour record to his extensive cycling career honors tally on Sunday when he covered 54.526km in the London Olympic velodrome to smash the mark set by fellow Briton Alex Dowsett last month.', u'Wiggins -- who undertook six weeks of intensive training ahead of the blue riband event for the furthest distance traveled in one hour -- rode into history in front of six thousand noisy fans, destroying the 52.937 set by Dowsett in Manchester.', u'"I\'m just glad it\'s done now, that\'s the closest I will come to ever knowing what it\'s like to have a baby," the 35-year-old told Sky TV.', u'"It was just torturous; you are constantly looking at the clock, counting down the minutes. So I\'m really relieved that it\'s done now."', u'The 2012 ', u' winner, four-time Olympic gold medalist and multiple world champion on road and track, covered 219 laps in 60 agonizing minutes, maintaining his record-setting pace despite concerns about the slight slowing effect of high air pressure in London.', u'Wiggins is the fifth person since September to break the record -- held in the past by Eddy Merckx and Chris Boardman -- after the UCI changed the rules to allow riders to use whatever equipment is ruled legal for track timed events.', u'He looked on total control from the start and delivered a highly assured performance, though finished just shy of the 55km target he had spoken of.', u'However, Wiggins said there were no regrets about failing to reach that milestone, saying: "Just to get up there and put yourself on the line takes a lot of courage. It\'s a mental game more than physical, it\'s tough."', u'Asked where the new record ranks in his stellar career he said: "It just tops it off...it\'s memorable, it really is. More than any other ride I have done it was a bit emotional really."', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Djokovic Falls at Paris Final Hurdle Again'], [u"PARIS \u2014  Ending Rafa Nadal's Roland Garros reign was not enough for Novak Djokovic to win the ", u' as the world number one suffered his third defeat in the final of the claycourt grand slam on Sunday.', u'The Serb was the hot favourite going into the contest against Swiss Stan Wawrinka but the eighth seeded outsider, after an average start, went for the throat and hit a flurry of winners to claim his second major with a 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 win.', u'Eight-times grand slam champion Djokovic was looking to complete his set of majors and the odds were with him after he beat Spaniard Nadal in the quarter-finals and British third seed Andy Murray, undefeated on clay this season until then, in the semis.', u'Djokovic himself was 16-0 this year on the slow surface, but there was another player to beat.', u'"One thing is for sure there are two players who want this trophy, not just me," he told a news conference after Sunday\'s defeat. "Some people wanted to create a story where it\'s just me. It feels like (people thought) I was the only player who wants to win this trophy.', u'"I\'m not trying to release the pressure, it\'s part of what I do, but today I went on the court knowing I\'m close but across the net there was a player who wanted to win and had not much to lose."', u'Wawrinka showed he was indeed also hungry for victory by going for his shots all along, hitting twice as many winners (60 to 30).', u'Djokovic got off to a good start but once he had the upper hand after winning the first set, he played a few points too casually and Wawrinka, sensing an opening, stormed into contention.', u'Djokovic had done pretty much the same in the semi-finals against Murray, but that time managed to sneak through in five sets and over two days after the match had been interrupted by rain and dusk.', u'Djokovic did not look for excuses, though.', u'"Certainly those two matches (against Nadal and Murray) were very big in terms of physical demand and mental, emotional, as well," he said.', u'"But still, I was today feeling pretty fresh as much as I could."', u'"It\'s a loss of course and it hurts especially in the final. I had a great claycourt season and a great Roland Garros," said Djokovic, who lost to Nadal in the 2012 and 2014 finals.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Leroux Prepared for Stormy World Cup Reception in Canada'], [u"(Reuters) - Sydney Leroux, the Canadian-born striker on the U.S. national soccer team, has been jeered in her native country before but  vows not to let that distract her at the Women's World Cup.", u'"That\u2019s a pretty crazy story. To come into Canada, see my friends and family and be wearing an American jersey," she told reporters recently at a media day for the women\'s team, which begins play on Monday against Australia in Winnipeg.', u'"That\u2019s obviously going to be emotional but I wouldn\u2019t change it for the world."', u"Leroux, a high-profile U.S. team member who has graced the cover of ESPN the Magazine's Body issue in a nude athletic pose, is prepared for a stormy reception.", u'She left Canada to live in Arizona at age 15 and has been booed by Canadian crowds at previous U.S. matches and hit by stinging criticism in social media that included racial insults.', u'"I have an amazing bubble with my team and U.S. soccer and the support we have in the U.S., my friends, my family," said Leroux. "You can\u2019t break that.', u'"No matter what\u2019s being said about me, I\u2019m in a really good place," said 25-year-old Leroux, who six months ago married MLS striker Dom Dwyer of England.', u'Leroux took advantage of her dual citizenship as her father, an American, pitched in Major League Baseball, while her mother, who raised her, played for the Canadian national softball team.', u"She set her sights on playing with the U.S. after sitting on the couch with her mother and watching the Americans beat China for the 1999 Women's World Cup.", u'"I told my mom that\u2019s what I want to do. That I wanted to play on the best team in the world," Leroux said.', u'"I was 9 years old and ever since, my mom kind of pushed me and helped me chase my dreams and that\u2019s the only reason I\u2019m sitting here now."', u'She was a standout at UCLA and won gold with the U.S. team at the 2012 Olympics.', u'Now Leroux is intent on helping the U.S. win their first World Cup since 1999 and hoist the trophy in her old hometown of Vancouver, site of the championship final.', u'"I think the American mentality for the U.S. women\u2019s national team is win or nothing," said Leroux. "That is the mentality we have for ourselves.', u'"If we don\u2019t come home with the gold, that\u2019s not good enough."', u'(Reporting by Larry Fine in New York; Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Olympic Champion Felix Beaten on a Photo Finish in Birmingham'], [u'BIRMINGHAM, England \u2014  American Jeneba Tarmoh defeated compatriot and Olympic champion Allyson Felix by the narrowest of margins on Sunday after both athletes clocked the same time over 200metres at the Birmingham Diamond League meeting.', u'Tarmoh, a member of the Olympic gold medal winning 4x100 meters relay team at the 2012 London Olympics, was eventually awarded first place ahead of Felix and both given times of 22.29 seconds. British teenager Dina Asher-Smith finished third in a personal best one-hundredth of a second behind.', u'"I was shocked to beat Allyson," said Tarmoh. "Now I\'m definitely confident I\'ll get a spot on the U.S. team for the world championships, as long as I get on the podium in Beijing that would be a blessing."  Former American footballer American Marvin Bracy won the men\'s 100 meters in 9.93 seconds followed by Britain\'s European 200 champion Adam Gemili who broke 10 seconds for the first time when he hurled himself at the line to finish in 9.97. Gemili fell heavily to the track immediately afterwards, clutching his right leg, and was stretchered off the track.', u'"British sprinting is really stepping up and I\'m glad to be a part of it," said Gemili, the sixth Briton to go under 10 seconds but the first to combine it with a sub-20 seconds 200.. "I felt my hamstring go as I dipped but I\'m in good spirits."   Czech world champion Vitezlav Vesely was initially given first place in a field containing all the world\'s best exponents when he hurled the men\'s javelin 88.18 meters with his sixth and final throw.', u"However, Kenya's Commonwealth gold medalist Julius Yego, whose last throw of 91.39 was initially ruled out of bounds, was eventually awarded the victory after photos of his throw were re-examined.     Britain's Olympic champion Greg Rutherford, returning to competition after suffering an adductor muscle injury, won the men's long jump with his second leap of 8.35 meters aided by a slight following wind. The mark equaled Rutherford's second best distance in a season in which he is seeking to add the world title to his Olympic, Commonwealth and European golds.", u"The meeting lost its leading attraction on Sunday morning when Britain's Olympic and world 10,000 and 5,000 meters champion Mo Farah withdrew after a stressful few days following a BBC television program alleging his coach Alberto Salazar had been involved in doping.", u'Farah, had been scheduled to run over 1,500 meters.    "This week had been very stressful and taken a lot out of me," he said in a statement. "I have not been able to focus properly on today\'s race and after the events of the last few days feel emotionally and physically drained."', u'(Editing by Mitch Phillips, ', u')']), ([u'John Derr, Longtime Golf Journalist, Dies at 97'], [u'PINEHURST, N.C. \u2014  John Derr, who reported from the Masters a record 62 times and broadcast from the 15th green when it first was on television, died of an apparent heart attack, his daughter said Sunday. He was 97.', u'Cricket Gentry said her father watched American Pharoah win the ', u' to capture the ', u'. She went to his house after the race Saturday evening and found him in his chair in front of the TV.', u'"It was like he had stood up and said, \'Hooray!\' and then fell over," said Gentry, a paramedic for 40 years.', u'The manner of his death in some respects defined his life. Derr was there for so many big moments, starting with his first Masters in 1935. His life spanned all 12 of the Triple Crown winners.', u'According to Golf Digest, he was a 17-year-old reporter for the Gaston Gazette when he went to a college football game and sat next to O.B. Keeler, who suggested he attend a spring tournament at Augusta National hosted by Bobby Jones.', u'Derr went to the 1935 Masters, the year Gene Sarazen made his famous albatross on the par-5 15th hole, a shot that put the Masters on the map. He was working for CBS Radio went he went to Carnoustie in 1953 as Ben Hogan won his only British Open to complete the Grand Slam.', u'Along the way, he forged relationships with some of golf\'s giants \u2014 Hogan, Sam Snead, Byron Nelson \u2014 along with running into the likes of Mahatma Ghandi, Albert Einstein and Henry Ford. He wrote about his encounters his third book, "My Place at the Table."', u'Derr was interviewed by Golf Digest four years ago when he told of seeing Einstein taking his daily walk along the golf course at Princeton. He asked Einstein if he had ever played the game and the genius told him, "I tried once. Too complicated."', u'Derr was part of the CBS team when the Masters was televised for the first time in 1956. He broadcast from the 15th green and kept that job through 1982.', u'His daughter said Derr suffered a major heart attack while working the Greater Greensboro Open in 1969, and then another heart attack while hospitalized.', u'"He had a near death experience," she said. "They revived him and he told me, \'I have no fear of death. I\'ve been there and back, and it\'s beautiful.\'"', u'A veteran of World War II, Derr moved to Pinehurst in 1973. Gentry said her father wrote his own obituary a few years ago. He was actively working on an audio version of some of his books.', u'A memorial service was pending. She said her father will be buried in the family plot in Charlotte.']), ([u'Factbox: French Open Final Statistics'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Statistics for the ', u' final between Swiss eighth seed Stan Wawrinka and top seed Novak Djokovic of Serbia on Sunday:', u'DJOKOVIC \t\t\t\t\t\tWAWRINKA', u'6 \t\t\tAces\t\t\t\t9', u'0 \t\t\tDouble faults \t\t3', u'83/128 (65 %)      1st serves in \t\t84/126 (67 %)', u'52/83 (63 %) \t1st serve points won \t64/84 (76 %)', u'24/45 (53 %) \t2nd srv pts won\t\t21/42 (50 %)', u'14/24 (58 %) \tNet points won \t\t23/33 (70 %)', u'2/10 (20 %) \t\tBreak points won \t\t4/15 (27 %)  41/126 (33 %) \tReceiving points won \t52/128 (41 %)', u'30 \t\t\tWinners \t\t\t60', u'41 \t\t\tUnforced errors \t\t45', u'117 \t\t\tTotal points won \t\t137', u'Source: ', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Kentucky Begins Party Planning for New Racing King'], [u'LOUISVILLE, Ky. \u2014  Police escorts guided American Pharoah and his entourage back home to Churchill Downs on Sunday, hours after his stunningly smooth run into ', u' history.', u'Now, his victory lap begins.', u"At the headquarters of American horse racing, Churchill Downs' famous twin spires are displaying Zayat Stables' turquoise and gold colors all week to celebrate the first Triple Crown in 37 years. The Kentucky Derby museum quickly updated a display to reflect the historic achievement, and American Pharoah's name was added in gold letters in the paddock with 11 previous champions.", u'Next Saturday, American Pharoah will take his public parade lap at the track before the Stephen Foster Handicap.', u'The horse left ', u" and flew back home to a crowd that cheered as he walked toward trainer Bob Baffert's Barn 33. He seemed to drink the attention in as he strolled out of the van and walked around the barn before media and an adoring gathering of camera-clicking fans. His return was shown over the jumbo screen overlooking the storied track.", u"By then, Churchill Downs spokesman John Asher believes that American Pharoah's achievement will have set in with the public and he hopes they will help the horse celebrate.", u'"I think (people) are excited now. People get enchanted by a special horse, and there\'s no question this horse is special."', u'Assistant trainer Jimmy Barnes said the plane ride back was pretty calm for the horse. American Pharoah will be walked for the next few days, per his normal postrace training schedule.', u'"It was a pretty easy flight," Barnes added.', u"Baffert's barn was recently updated with a plaque reflecting his prized colt's ", u' win here last month that sparked expectations of ending a generations-long Triple Crown drought. American Pharoah delivered victories of seven and 5 1/2 lengths in the ', u' and Belmont, respectively, igniting a huge sense of relief after decades of disappointment.', u'After so many years of waiting, plans are still coming together for how Kentucky might ultimately celebrate its new racing king. There was a buzz nonetheless around the Derby museum Sunday, and a huge banner congratulating American Pharoah hung just to the left of the museum door and entrance to the track.', u'This could be the biggest opportunity for the museum since it opened its doors in 1985.', u'"We have a lot of things in the works," museum spokesman Gavin LaPaille said. "This is very exciting for us. We didn\'t have a Triple Crown winner when we opened, so we figured there would be interest and we hope to be a part of that."', u"Video of his race was shown all around the museum. On Tuesday and Wednesday, large cards will be available for fans to sign before being given to the horse's team.", u'"It was exciting," said Wally Yocum of Louisville, an eight-month resident who visited the museum with his wife Marilyn and family visiting from New Jersey. "We saw the banner and said, \'this is a good photo (opportunity). There will definitely be a purchase at the gift shop that wouldn\'t have been made before today."']), ([u'Factbox: French Open Champion Stanislas Wawrinka'], [u"Paris \u2014  Factbox on Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka after he beat Novak Djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 to win his first ", u' title on Sunday:', u'Born in Lausanne on March 28, 1985. (Age: 30)', u'Seed: 8', u'GRAND SLAM TITLES: 2 - Australian Open (2014); French Open (2015)', u'MAKING HIS NAME', u'* Began playing at age eight', u'* Left school at 15 to play tennis fulltime and won the junior French Open title in 2003 and two Challenger level titles in San Bendetto and Geneva.', u"* Was included in Switzerland's Davis Cup squad as an 18-year-old, beginning his long association with Roger Federer.", u'CAREER', u'* Captured his first ATP tour level title in 2006 at Umag when Novak Djokovic retired with breathing difficulties in the final.', u'* Broke into the world top 10 for first time in 2008 by reaching two ATP Tour finals and winning the gold medal in doubles with Federer at the Beijing Olympics.', u'* Beat Federer for the first time in his career, a third round victory at Monte Carlo in 2009.', u'* Enjoys a consistent year on ATP Tour in 2013, with 14 quarter-final or better finishes. Captures fourth career title at Oeiras, beating world number four David Ferrer.', u'* Begins 2014 with his fifth ATP Tour title at Chennai.', u"* After beating defending champion Djokovic in quarter-finals of 2014 Australian Open, he defeats Rafa Nadal in the final to win his maiden major title. Thus becomes first man to defeat the top two seeds at a grand slam since Spain's Sergi Bruguera at 1993 French Open.", u'* Reaches career high ranking of world number 3 after Australian success', u'* Wins two rubbers as Switzerland win their first Davis Cup title against France in 2014.', u'* Overcomes overwhelming favorite Djokovic to win on the clay of Roland Garros to seal his second grand slam title.', u'2015 FRENCH OPEN', u'* Defeats compatriot and 17-time grand slam winner and world number two Federer in straight sets to set up a semi-final against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.', u'* Beats the heavy-hitting home favorite in front of a partisan crowd of over 15,000 fans, saving 16 of 17 break points on route to a second grand slam final.', u'* Beats world number one Novak Djokovic in the final, thus overcoming the top two seeds again to win a grand slam title.', u'(Compiled By Tom Hayward, Editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Walsh Was Not Offered F1 Role, Says Ecclestone'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Former Diageo boss Paul Walsh has not joined the Formula One Group as a non-executive director despite the appointment being announced last year, Bernie Ecclestone said on Sunday.', u'"He wasn\'t offered a position. It was in discussion but...that\'s it," Ecclestone, the 84-year-old Briton who runs the commercial side of the sport for controlling shareholder CVC, told Reuters at the Canadian Grand Prix.', u'"I don\'t know whether he was going to get offered a position or not but at the time he couldn\'t say \'yes, I\'m going to be whatever\'."', u'Walsh was touted in the media last year as a potential future chairman of Formula One -- whose current incumbent Peter Brabeck-Letmathe is unwell -- with others speculating he could ultimately take over from Ecclestone.', u'Private equity group CVC had announced in a statement on December 18 that Walsh would become a non-executive director effective from January 1.', u'Former Ferrari chairman Luca di Montezemolo was another appointment while Ecclestone was reappointed to the board after a period off it during a bribery trial in Germany that was resolved with a $100 million payment.', u'Walsh was chief executive of drinks company Diageo from 2000 to 2013 and is chairman of Compass Group.', u'Comments in Management Today last December, attributed to a source close to Walsh, indicated he "would want to rein in (Ecclestone) to some extent from a good governance point of view" if appointed.', u'Ecclestone responded then by telling reporters: "He would be unique if he could do that. First he\u2019s got to be appointed, hasn\u2019t he?"', u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Douglas Beattie)']), ([u'Loss to Wawrinka in French Final Denies Djokovic Career Slam'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Moments before his third ', u" final in four years, Novak Djokovic jogged in a stadium hallway near a poster of the Coupe des Mousquetaires, the silver trophy awarded to the men's champion at the only major tournament he has never won.", u'This time, it would be Stan Wawrinka standing between the No. 1-seeded Djokovic and the title at Roland Garros that the Serb needs for a career Grand Slam.', u'And once again, Djokovic came up one victory shy, stopped by the eighth-seeded Wawrinka and his magical, one-handed backhand. Wawrinka won his first French Open championship and second major title by stunning Djokovic 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 in a superbly played match Sunday.', u'"I know he\'s looking for that title," Wawrinka said. "I hope he will get one, one day, because he deserves one."', u'Wawrinka exited in the first round in Paris a year ago. And he had lost 17 of his past 20 matches against Djokovic. But Wawrinka would not relent on this sunlit afternoon, compiling twice as many winners, 60 to 30.', u'"Certainly one of the best matches of my career," Wawrinka said, "if not the best."', u'That beautiful backhand of his was a big reason; one even made its way around the net post before landing on the red clay.', u"Another backhand earned the match's last break, to 5-4 in the fourth set. And, fittingly, yet another finished off Djokovic's 28-match winning streak.", u'Djokovic called the stroke "one of the best one-handed backhands that I have seen."', u"The 30-year-old Wawrinka, so long in the shadow of his Swiss Davis Cup teammate and pal Roger Federer, added to the championship he won at last year's Australian Open. That's when Wawrinka became the first man in 21 years to beat the top two seeds en route to a Grand Slam title. He duplicated that in Paris, eliminating No. 2 Federer in the quarterfinals before toppling Djokovic.", u'When Djokovic received the silver plate given to the losing finalist, the spectators gave him an unusually long ovation. Djokovic shook his head and his eyes welled with tears.', u'"Not easy to stand there as a runner-up again," Djokovic said, "but I lost to a better player who played some courageous tennis."', u'The 28-year-old Djokovic has won eight Grand Slam championships: five at the Australian Open, two at Wimbledon and one at the ', u'. He must wait a year for another chance to become the eighth man with at least one title from each major.', u"Djokovic came up short against Rafael Nadal in the 2012 and 2014 finals. He cleared that hurdle this year, defeating the nine-time champion in the quarterfinals. Djokovic then defeated Andy Murray in a two-day, five-set semifinal that concluded about 25 hours before Sunday's start.", u'"Maybe in some important moments, I didn\'t feel I had that explosivity in the legs, but, look, at the end of the day, (Wawrinka) was just a better player," Djokovic said.', u"Normally, it's Djokovic's sliding, stretching, body-contorting defense that wears down opponents, but he looked spent after lengthy baseline exchanges that went 20, 30, even 40 strokes.", u"When he clinched the first set, Djokovic swiveled to look toward his coaches, Boris Becker and Marian Vajda, and bellowed. The trophy, propped on the wooden edge of the president's box, stood but a few feet away, glistening.", u'At that moment, it was but two sets away.', u'So close, yet so far.', u'Wawrinka broke to take the second set when Djokovic slapped a backhand long on a 23-stroke point. Djokovic spiked his racket, caught it, and slammed it a second time, mangling the thing. That drew derisive whistles from spectators and a warning from the chair umpire.', u'"You go through emotions," Djokovic said. "Of course I was more nervous than any other match."', u'By now, Wawrinka was the aggressor, and his shots kept finding their appointed marks. Djokovic made one last stand, taking a 3-0 lead in the fourth set. Wawrinka, though, reeled off six of the last seven games.', u'When it was over, Wawrinka tossed his racket overhead. At the net, Djokovic patted the 2015 French Open champion, a frequent practice partner of his, on the cheek.', u'Djokovic said later it sometimes seems as if all the attention others pay to his pursuit of a title in Paris ignores that others, such as Wawrinka, are just as intent to win.', u'"It feels like I\'m the only player who wants to win this trophy, and nobody wants to win it as much as I do," Djokovic said. "This is completely untrue."', u'___']), ([u'Williams Says No. 20 Was About as Tough as Any of Her Majors'], [u'PARIS \u2014  When someone has won as many significant matches and titles as Serena Williams \u2014 her Grand Slam trophy count now stands at 20 \u2014 it can be hard to decide how to sort them by degree of difficulty or order of importance.', u'She puts her 2015 ', u' championship high on the list.', u'"It\'s hard. I need to sit down and, like, rank them," Williams told a small group of reporters Saturday evening after becoming the third player in tennis history to get No. 20. "This is up there, because I was not at my best."', u'Hours earlier, she had beaten Lucie Safarova 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2 in a seesaw final for her third title at Roland Garros, despite dealing with an illness that Williams said made her consider pulling out of the tournament.', u'She fell behind 2-0 in the third set against the 13th-seeded Safarova before taking the last six games. In four other matches at Roland Garros this year, Williams lost the opening set.', u'"Down a break. Down a break. Down a break. Down a break. And I just kept coming back and I kept fighting," Williams said, reflecting on her circuitous route through the draw. "I just kept thinking, \'I\'m not going to give up. I\'m not going to stop. I\'m just going to do the best I can.\' And it just really kind of goes to show that old adage of \'never give up.\'"', u'Williams coughed and sniffled and blew her nose into a tissue during the brief question-and-answer session.', u'She spent most of Friday in bed, skipping a practice session, and, in her words, came "pretty close" to withdrawing.', u'Her coach, Patrick Mouratoglou, said Williams "could barely walk" on Friday and pondered not playing in the title match, "but between thinking about it and actually doing it, there is a step that she was far from taking."', u'Hard to imagine Williams not giving it a go.', u"The 33-year-old American is the second-oldest woman to win the clay-court tournament in Paris, 25 days younger than Hungary's Zsuzsi Kormoczy was in 1958. Williams is, after all, nothing if not a fighter on court, seemingly able to will herself to victory \u2014 even when not at the height of her considerable powers.", u'As Mouratoglou put it: "She refuses to accept defeat."', u'Against Safarova, a left-hander who at 28 was appearing in her first Grand Slam final, Williams "did not play her best tennis," Mouratoglou said.', u'"Every Grand Slam win is exceptional. It\'s like climbing Everest," he said. "But especially this one, because she struggled."', u'Down the stretch Saturday, Williams was yelling repeatedly after points, cursing so loudly she drew a warning from the chair umpire.', u'"Believe it or not, I either get angry or I get calm. I always say, if I\'m losing, I\'m going out swinging. I think I play my best tennis when I am swinging. So it helps me. I play more aggressive," Williams said. "I just think that once I decide that, I start playing my game, and when I\'m playing my game, it\'s difficult for me to lose."', u'Sure is.', u'The No. 1-ranked Williams is 32-1 this season, 12-0 in three-setters. She has won the past three major titles and trails only Margaret Smith Court (24) and Steffi Graf (22) for the most all-time. She heads to Wimbledon later this month halfway to a calendar-year Grand Slam, something accomplished by only three women, most recently by Graf in 1988.', u'"I think she can do it," Safarova said.', u'After all the deficits Williams set aside over the past two weeks, and the way it appeared she was able to turn matches around simply because she wanted to, who would doubt her?', u'"Out of nowhere, you\'ll see Serena give a fist pump, and all of a sudden she means business," said Rob Steckley, Safarova\'s coach. "That is what champions do. And she\'s got 20 of those big ones."', u'___']), ([u"Triumphant Wawrinka Dashes Djokovic's Paris Dream"], [u"PARIS \u2014  As his blazing backhand skidded off from inside the baseline, Stanislas Wawrinka sent his racket rocketing skywards after dashing Novak Djokovic's ", u' dreams with a victory barely anyone expected on Sunday.', u"It was a 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 triumph only Wawrinka's nearest and dearest saw coming as the Swiss was facing a player who had looked destined to join the all-time greats by becoming the eighth man to complete a career grand slam.", u'But destiny and reality were not on the same wavelength on Sunday as Djokovic, who had conquered nine-times champion Rafa Nadal in the quarter-finals and third seed Andy Murray in the semis, fell two sets short of the one title he so desperately desires.', u'"I played the match of my life, it\'s hard to believe. Playing against Novak was one of the biggest challenges. I know how much he wanted this Roland Garros," a gracious Wawrinka told the crowd after adding the French Open title to his 2014 Australian Open success.', u'The fans, who had tried to rouse Djokovic throughout the fourth set by chanting his nickname "No-le, No-le, No-le" realised how crushing the defeat must mean for the Serb and gave him a prolonged standing ovation that reduced him to tears.', u'"I want to say congratulations to Stan and it is not very easy for me to speak now, there are things in life that are more important than victories and that is character and respect," the eight-times grand slam champion said after coming off second best in a Roland Garros final for the third time.', u'"I\'ve got a lot of respect for you Stan, you\'re a great champion with a big heart, you deserve this title."', u'After failing to join the magnificent seven of men\'s tennis -- Fred Perry, Don Budge, Rod Laver, Roy Emerson, Andre Agassi, Roger Federer, Rafa Nadal -- in completing the career slam, Djokovic said: "I will be back next year to try again to win the title."', u'MONSTER RALLY', u"A year after Wawrinka drowned his sorrows at a popular Paris burger joint following his 2014 first round humbling, the Swiss was all smiles on Sunday as he enjoyed a champagne reception with his coach Magnus Norman in the Roland Garros players' lounge -- toasting a remarkable turnaround in his fortunes.", u"Victory certainly tasted sweet for the 30-year-old who ended Djokovic's 28-match winning streak to become the oldest man to hoist the Musketeers' Cup since Andres Gomez in 1990.", u'"Magnus always found the words to make me believe in myself (and made sure I) go on court knowing and believing that I can beat the No. 1 player in a grand slam final," Wawrinka said.', u'To do that he produced 60 winners, double the tally of Djokovic, in a brave, attacking display.', u"The points he won included a monster 39-shot rally in the first game and a bone-crunching backhand fired into Djokovic's body that brought the crowd to their feet.", u"Nothing, though, dented Djokovic's iron will as the Serb saved five break points over the course of the first two sets to leave a highly-strung Wawrinka whacking the net with his racket.", u"That released Wawrinka's pent-up frustration as he finally broke on his sixth attempt, winning a 23-shot rally on set point to level the match -- prompting Djokovic's anger to boil over.", u'The top seed slammed his racket to the ground but with his anger still out of control, he smashed it with even more brute force -- leaving the prop a mangled mess.', u'The release he was looking for never materialised as Wawrinka continued to push him to the brink on his serve, a break for 4-2 was enough for the Swiss to win the third set and when he broke again for a 5-4 lead in the fourth, he wagged his index finger high in the air knowing that victory was within sight.', u"Wawrinka's attempt at firing down a flying ace on his first match point did not quite hit the mark, cutting short the eighth seed's raised arm celebrations -- but not for long.", u'(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Mitch Phillips)']), ([u'Swede Noren Seals Scandinavian Masters Title'], [u"(Reuters) - Sweden's Alex Noren won the Scandinavian Masters by four shots in Malmo after shooting a final round of 71 on Sunday.", u'The 32-year-old took the title in windy conditions having gone into the last round with a two-shot lead.', u"Noren's one-under-par 71, which included two birdies and a bogey, saw him finish the tournament on 12 under as he claimed the fourth European Tour title of his career.", u"Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark secured second place on eight under with France's Alexander Levy among four players on six under.", u'Home favorite Henrik Stenson, the world number four, carded an overall score of four under following a difficult final round.', u'(Reporting by Douglas Beattie; Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"NASCAR CEO Wants 'More Communication' With Drivers' Council"], [u"LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  NASCAR CEO Brian France said the new drivers' council is just one more way to listen to feedback that could help improve the sport.", u'About 20 top drivers met last weekend with NASCAR officials at Dover International Speedway. Competition, the 2016 rules package, attendance and safety were among the topics discussed.', u'"That\'s my style, to be collaborative, to do more communications not less," France said before Sunday\'s race at Pocono Raceway. "If we have to formalize them to get more input, then we\'ll formalize them. Whatever it takes to get everybody to be able to express what\'s important to them."', u"France did not attend last week's meeting.", u'France referenced annual meetings with track operators as one way NASCAR has reached out for feedback. Team owners banded together last season and formed the Race Team Alliance.', u'"When anybody has things that can improve the sport, we\'re going got be open to that," France said. "It doesn\'t really matter how the exact form of communications happens. What matters is that it does happen. We\'re getting the stakeholders as close us as we can because there\'s a lot of good ideas that come out of these discussions."', u'Drivers were apparently grouped in three different classes for the vote, and all three manufacturers had to be represented.', u"Confirmed to have been present at last weekend's meeting are Jeff Gordon, Dale Earnhardt Jr., Kevin Harvick, Kyle Larson and Tony Stewart for Chevrolet; Denny Hamlin for Toyota; and Joey Logano for Ford.", u'Drivers who were there feel the meeting was long overdue, and finally comes at a time when everyone seems to be grasping at how to improve the racing.', u'"I know everybody in that room and everybody in the garage wants to make this sport better," Larson said Sunday. "That is pretty much what that meeting was about. I thought it went well. I\'m sure we will have more meetings and hopefully try to make the sport better than it is right now."']), ([u'Tiger Still Bad, but Better'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio, June 7 \u2014  It was far from vintage Tiger Woods but at least the 14-times major champion rebounded on Sunday at the Memorial Tournament to beat his third round score by 11 shots.    A day after posting a career-worst 13-over 85 at Muirfield Village, Woods scratched out a two-over 74, showing glimpses of good form but once again countering it with plenty of bad.', u'Buoyed by hitting nine of 14 fairways, the most of the week, Woods had five birdies in his round and at one stage looked like he may have turned a corner at three-under through 12 holes.    But two bogeys and two double bogeys on his last six once again exposed flaws in the former world number one.', u'The 39-year-old remained last in the tournament at 14-over 302, the worst 72-hole total of his career, but was pleased with some aspects of Sunday\'s play. \u201cToday was a lot better ball\u2011striking wise but I didn\'t finish off very good," he told reporters.', u'"Today was what I\'ve been doing on the driving range and that was finally nice to see. I got a solidness back, I was hitting the driver with both shapes, cuts and draws,\u201d Woods said.', u'Woods admitted Saturday\u2019s 85, only the third time he had failed to break 80, was a humbling experience.    But he insisted it was a necessary pain as he continues to go through swing changes with coach Chris Como.    With his next start the ', u' coming on June 18 time is running out to get it right if he is to halt his major winning drought, which will hit the seven-year mark if he cannot win at Chambers Bay.', u'\u201cI was changing a few things and I was stuck right between patterns and I had to go through yesterday. I had to go through those painful moments, just like I did at Torrey and Phoenix to be able to make the leap I did at Augusta,\u201d Woods said.', u'\u201cYesterday was the same thing. It was just unfortunately on a golf course like this where you can\'t get away with much. It kicked my butt pretty hard."    Woods will take a few days off to let a blister on his left index finger heel before ramping up his major preparations.    \u201cHopefully, in two weeks time things will be a lot better and I\'ll be ready to try to win a U.S. Open,\u201d he said.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Tiger Woods Humbled, but Not in Panic, Over His 85'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  One day after the worst score of his career, Tiger Woods played the final round of the Memorial just like it was any other Sunday.', u'He wore his red shirt. He played at the same pace. He tossed blades of grass in the air to judge the wind and crouched to read important putts. The only difference was he played as a single. He even removed a flagstick by himself when his caddie was busy raking a bunker.', u'"Just because I\'m in last place doesn\'t change how I play golf," he said. "Whether it\'s the first day or last day, doesn\'t matter. Play all out."', u"All out didn't get him much.", u'Woods followed his 85 with a rough finish \u2014 two double bogeys over the last four holes \u2014 for a 2-over 74. He finished in last place at Muirfield Village, a course where he has won five times, and posted the highest 72-hole score of his career at 302.', u"He conceded that it was humbling to shoot an 85 before thousands of fans, with nowhere to hide. But he didn't sound as though he was about to panic about his future. Woods chalked the score up to working on a new swing, and one of those days where he couldn't make up his mind which swing he had.", u'"This is a lonely sport," Woods said. "The manager is not going to come in and bring the righty or bring the lefty. You\'ve just got to play through it. And that\'s one of the hardest things about the game of golf, and it\'s also one of the best things about the game of golf. When you\'re on, no one is going to slow you down. When you\'re off, no one is going to pick you up, either. It\'s one of those sports that\'s tough. Deal with it.', u'"For us, unfortunately, you have those days and they\'re five hours long," he said.', u'Sunday was just under three hours as a single.', u'He made the turn in 34 with three birdies, two of them on the par 5s. He hit five straight fairways at one point \u2014 four of them with the driver.', u'It was the finish that did him in. Woods hit one poor chip, and it cost him. After his wedge spun off the front of the green at the par-5 15th, he bladed a pitch about 30 feet above the hole and three-putted for double bogey.', u'On the 18th, he got too much air under a 3-wood and had to play a big hook around the tree. It found a back bunker, and he had no chance to stay on the green. Woods laughed when he saw the lie he had in the rough.', u'He chopped it out some 6 feet and two-putted for a double bogey.', u'"I was expecting to grind," he said. "That to me is the fun part, going out there and just grinding and fighting for everything I possibly can out there \u2014 after shooting whatever I shot yesterday, to be able to go back out there and get to 3-under par and keep fighting."', u"Woods talks a lot about being stuck between patterns of his old swing and the new one he is trying to develop with Chris Como. That's part of the process, and one he knows well. This is the fifth time he has changed his swing since his rookie year in 1996.", u'Even so, he never had a score anywhere near 85 whether he was going from Butch Harmon to Hank Haney, or from Haney to Sean Foley. Woods has as many rounds in the 80s as in the 60s this year \u2014 two each.', u'Asked if his score Saturday felt like an 85, Woods replied, "It felt higher."', u'But he played Sunday as though the third round never happened. And progress often includes a few \u2014 or 85 \u2014 steps back.', u'"I had to go through those painful moments, just like I did at Torrey Pines and Phoenix, to be able to make the leap I did at Augusta," he said.', u'The reference was to his 82 in the Phoenix Open and pulling out after 11 holes at Torrey Pines, leading to a two-month hiatus from competition until he could play the game to his standards. He returned at Augusta National with hardly a trace of his short-game woes and tied for 17th.', u'"Yesterday was the same thing," Woods said. "It was just unfortunately on a golf course like this where you can\'t get away with much. It kicked my butt pretty hard."', u'Woods developed a blister on the forefinger of his left hand this week. He said he probably would only putt for the next few days to let it heal, and then start working on his game for the ', u'. The one positive was that his 85 happened on Saturday, and not Sunday.', u'Imagine going into Chambers Bay with the most recent score his highest ever.', u'"That would have been a lot more disconcerting, if I had shot yesterday\'s round today," he said. "We would have had to probably do a little bit more work than what I\'m going to have to do now. We know that it\'s close."']), ([u"Sweden's Alexander Noren Wins Nordea Masters by 4 Shots"], [u"MALMO, Sweden \u2014  Alexander Noren clinched his second Nordea Masters title on Sunday, shooting a 1-under 71 to finish four shots ahead of last week's Irish Open winner Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark.", u'The 32-year-old Swede easily protected his two-shot overnight lead, finishing with a 12-under total of 276. Kjeldsen also shot a final-round 71.', u'Max Kieffer of Germany, who was second going into the final round, had two straight double bogeys on the fourth and fifth hole and shot a 75, finishing in a tie for third.', u'Alexander Levy of France (71) and Swedish duo Jens Dantorp (74) and Sebastian Soderberg (74) also tied for third, six shots behind Noren.', u"It was Noren's fourth career European Tour victory. He also won the Nordea Masters in 2011."]), ([u'Triple Crown Win Draws Big TV Rating, but Not Biggest'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  American Pharoah's historic ", u' win drew the third-best preliminary television rating for the ', u' since that started being measured in 1988.', u"With the competition over so quickly, horse racing doesn't benefit from a dramatic contest in the way other sports do. The race portion of NBC's broadcast Saturday ran from 6:15-7:15 p.m. EDT, so only the final third of it came after American Pharoah became the first Triple Crown winner since 1978.", u"The 12.3 overnight rating was down slightly from the 12.9 for California Chrome's Triple Crown attempt last year. Ratings for the Belmont tend to be driven by the appeal of horse's back story that lures viewers in from the start.", u"The Stanley Cup Final game that started immediately after the Belmont seemed to benefit from the lead-in. The Tampa Bay Lightning's 4-3 win over the Chicago Blackhawks earned a 4.8 overnight, the best for NBC for a Game 2, the network said Sunday. It was up 5 percent from last year's double-overtime game between the Rangers and Kings.", u"Ratings represent the percentage of U.S. homes with televisions tuned to a program, and overnights measure the country's largest markets. Complete viewership numbers are expected later Sunday."]), ([u'Disappointed Juve Still Have Bright Future, Says Morata'], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Juventus's disappointment after losing 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League final was plain to see but once the dust settles on one of the great European showpiece matches there will be lots of positives to reflect on.", u'The scorer of their only goal, Alvaro Morata, believes the Italian club can build on their double domestic success of this season and challenge for the Champions League title again soon.', u'"This is a great squad, a great family and we must continue working hard. This team has no limits, it can win the Champions League, and the directors are working to build an even stronger side," said former Real Madrid striker Morata.', u'"I want to thank the fans who came out here, as we are honoured to wear the jersey for them," he added.', u'Although veterans like goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon and playmaker Andrea Pirlo may not get too many more chances to win the greatest club prize in European soccer, this has still been a remarkably successful season for Juve.', u'Winners of a fourth successive Serie A title and the Coppa Italia and victors over outgoing Champions League holders Real Madrid in the semi-finals last month, Juve are again reaching, or at least coming close, to their former heights.', u'"The spirit is back after everything that happened to Juve in the past. The club can hold its head high again and this defeat will not stop us moving forward," defender Andrea Barzagli told reporters.', u'"Yes it is a bitter pill to swallow, but we played very well against probably the best team in the world. This was no disgrace."', u'CALCIOPOLI SCANDAL', u'Almost a decade ago, the grand "Old Lady" of Italian football was demoted to Serie B in the wake of the Calciopoli betting scandal but they have rejuvenated themselves since.', u"Players like Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba, Patrice Evra and Morata, who played a bit-part in Real Madrid's Champions League success last season, have restored the club's sense of pride.", u'Buffon is the last playing link with the past before the nightmare of the Calciopoli affair struck in 2006 and he in a way symbolised their battling spirit on Saturday.', u'The 37-year-old, back in the Olympic Stadium where Italy won the World Cup in 2006, made two important saves in the first 15 minutes and pulled off two blinding stops in the second half.', u'Buffon is one of the great keepers of this or any other era and was the first to console a tearful Pirlo at the end.', u"Although he was beaten by Ivan Rakitic's early opener, Buffon was the foundation for an excellent performance.", u'He wanted nothing more than to eradicate the memory of his previous Champions League final experience -- a loss to AC Milan in 2003 -- with a victory but he was philosophical afterwards.', u'Buffon has six Serie A titles in his locker and told Sky Italia: "This is one of the disappointments sport gives you, but before that we shared many great moments of joy with our fans.', u'"It was a shame not to have the final to really finish off this journey, but at one point I really did believe."', u'Although this was their fourth straight Champions League final defeat since the second of their two titles in 1996, the fact they got there speaks volumes for their durability.', u"Barcelona were the deserved winners but beaten Juve's immediate prospects look far from being down and out.", u'(Reporting by Mike Collett; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'England Extend Run With Drab 0-0 Draw in Dublin'], [u'DUBLIN \u2014  Toothless England extended their unbeaten run to 10 games with a tame 0-0 friendly draw against Ireland on Sunday but their fans were praised for respectful behaviour two decades after the last Dublin game between the teams ended in a riot.', u'The visitors failed to get a single shot on target in the first half and Ireland Keeper Keiren Westwood easily saved two chances for Wayne Rooney in the second.', u'"It\'s way below what we were hoping to achieve," England manager Roy Hodgson told reporters, pointing to Raheem Sterling in particular as failing to "hit the heights" he was capable of.', u'"We didn\'t make nearly enough use of moments when we got into the final third... we have to do better than that," said Hodgson, whose team is leading Group E by six points and plays Slovenia in Ljubljana on June 14.', u"A subdued Rooney remained on 47 goals for England, two behind Bobby Charlton's record mark.", u'Both managers praised the behaviour of fans, two decades ago the sides were led off the pitch in the old Lansdowne Road in 1995 after England supporters began throwing missiles, including seating ripped from the stands after their team fell behind.', u'Relations between England and Ireland have improved drastically since a 1998 peace deal in Northern Ireland, but organisers took no chances, playing the game at 1 p.m. local time on a Sunday with most pubs in the area not open before kickoff.', u"The tone was set by a standing ovation from both sets of fans for Jack Charlton, an English World Cup winner in 1966 and Ireland's most successful manager. Some England fans applauded the Irish national anthem.", u'Ireland manager Martin O\'Neill, whose side are fourth in European Championship qualifying Group D, said despite the lack of goals, the game was "exactly what we needed" to prepare for a game against third-place Scotland next Saturday.', u"Strikers Daryl Murphy failed to convert Ireland's best first-half opportunities, striking the ball narrowly past Joe Hart's goal early in the game and heading wide.", u'Hart was also forced to save a strike from substitute Jon Walters in the second half and Aiden McGeady failed control the rebound.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'England Must Play With No Fear, Says Buttler'], [u'LONDON \u2014  England must put their dismal World Cup campaign behind them and play with "freedom and no fear of failure" when they take on New Zealand in a five-match one-day series this month, wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler said on Sunday.4', u'England registered just two wins from their six matches at the World Cup, failing to progress from Pool A and lagging well behind their rivals in terms of tactical approach.', u'The batsmen often played too conservatively in a succession of sub-par scores and the bowlers were easy picking for inventive batting sides like New Zealand, Australia and Sri Lanka.', u'"You have to be brutally honest and say we were getting it wrong," Buttler told reporters.', u'"We almost had to play our perfect game to win. It\'s time to put the World Cup behind us. It was very disappointing but we learned some key messages.', u'"We have to be looking at scores of 350 and upwards. That\'s the way the game\'s going. In a few years we\'ll look back at the World Cup and say it was a turning-point in 50-over cricket.', u'"The way (New Zealand\'s) Brendon McCullum captained, the way (South Africa\'s) AB De Villiers batted. This was a moment in time when the game changed and we have to follow that lead. We don\'t have any other choice.', u'"We have to go out there with that freedom and no fear of failure and play the brand of cricket that is so accustomed to 50-over cricket these days. The talent is there."', u'New Zealand finished runners-up to Australia at the World Cup, combining destructive, inventive batting with aggressive, economical bowling.', u"In their Pool A encounter England were bowled out for a measly 123 before New Zealand, led by McCullum's swashbuckling 77 from 25 balls, chased down the target in 12.2 overs.", u"Buttler believes New Zealand's gung-ho style should be a source of inspiration for England.", u'"We\'ve seen another side do this, so we can go in exactly the same direction as well," he added.', u'"It gives the new players a real eye opener as to what international 50-over cricket is now about. We want to win, but whatever happens it\'ll be a great learning curve."', u'The first one-day international is at Edbgaston on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting by Tom Hayward, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Safarova Teams Up With Mattek-Sands to Win Doubles'], [u"PARIS \u2014  Lucie Safarova made sure she left Roland Garros with at least one winner's trophy after the Czech left-hander and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women's doubles title on Sunday.", u'Less than 24 hours after losing to Serena Williams in the singles final, Czech Safarova and American Mattek-Sands beat Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova 3-6 6-4 6-2 in front of a sparse crowd on Philippe Chatrier Court.', u'It was their second successive major title following success at the Australian Open in January.', u'(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'French Open Crowds Must Be Educated'], [u'PARIS \u2014  The ', u' crowds must be educated in order to avoid a repeat of the boos directed at Swiss Stan Wawrinka when he played against home players, the tournament director said on Sunday.', u'Gilbert Ysern said it was unfair for the crowd to whistle  players.', u'"You (reporters) must not hesitate to say it and to write it, to say that the champions do not deserve this and that it is not acceptable on a sports ground," Ysern told a news conference ahead of the men\'s singles final between Wawrinka and world number one Novak Djokovic of Serbia.', u'"We have to carry this message together. This kind of behavior should not happen because it is very embarrassing."', u'Wawrinka was booed by the court Suzanne Lenglen fans before his fourth-round match against Frenchman Gilles Simon and after his semi-final win over Jo-Wilfried Tsonga.', u'He was probably paying for comment made after the Davis Cup final when he said the French, who lost 3-1 on home clay in Lille, should have talked less.', u'"We had always been very proud to say our fans were connoisseurs. That they were great, that they could get carried away but always respectful of the players," Ysern added.', u'"This year in particular, things got out of hand two or three times and we\'re not proud of that, it\'s annoying."', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Formula One Performs U-Turn on Refuelling Plan'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Formula One is set to ditch a proposal to bring back in-race refuelling in 2017 after the technical feedback was unanimously against the move, according to Mercedes motorsport head Toto Wolff.', u"The proposal, part of measures to improve the show and make cars faster, was put forward by a Strategy Group meeting last month but has yet to be approved formally by the sport's governing body.", u'Wolff said the feeling now among all the teams was that the idea should be dropped.', u'"When we discussed it in the strategy group it didn\'t have a  lot of support but we agreed to explore it, to discuss it in the technical regulations meeting and in the SRM (sporting regulations meeting) and analyse it properly," he told reporters at the Canadian Grand Prix.', u'"The feedback was 100 percent negative: too expensive, not safe enough, detrimental to the races and the strategies," added the Austrian.', u'"So it\'s going to go back in the strategy group and my opinion is it shouldn\'t happen. I\'m not keen on getting refuelling back into Formula One."', u'Sauber team principal Monisha Kaltenborn was also opposed.', u'"I don\'t see the rationale behind bringing refuelling back," she told reporters.', u'"You just have far more costs, which is in contradiction to what has been agreed to reduce costs, and I don\'t think it really plays into the safety aspect."', u'The refuelling proposal was the standout news after the May Strategy Group meeting suggested ways of making the cars faster, louder and more aggressive-looking from 2017 to address concerns about shrinking audiences.', u'It was suggested that refuelling, which was banned in 2010 on cost and safety grounds, would return with a maximum fuel allowance in keeping with moves to improve economy and present the sport in a greener light.', u'Transporting heavy equipment around the world, with extra personnel needed to handle the rigs and hose, is expensive, however. Pumping fuel into cars in a crowded pit lane in a matter of seconds also brings the risk of flare-ups.', u'Refuelling also contributed to races becoming processional in the past with teams using pitstops to get ahead of rivals rather than overtaking on the track.', u'Some drivers had welcomed the prospect of refuelling coming back, however.', u'"Obviously as a driver, if you go faster, which you do when you refuel the car, it\'s better. So I appreciate the decision," Ferrari\'s Sebastian Vettel said last month.', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Football Is Only About Winning, Says Mourinho'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Jose Mourinho believes football is only about winning and that managers who favour a possession-dominated beautiful game and neglect steely defence and lethal counter-attacking are "stupid".', u"Mourinho's Chelsea were described on numerous occasions last season as boring despite their relentless domination of the Premier League.", u'The west London side finished eight points ahead of second-placed Manchester City, lost only three league fixtures and boasted a goal difference of plus 41 -- second only to City.', u"A new generation of managers such as Liverpool's Brendan Rodgers and Everton's Roberto Martinez have been hailed in recent seasons for playing stylish, attacking football.", u'Purists argue that Arsenal play a more exciting brand of soccer and City score more goals but Mourinho will always be defined by winning.', u'"When people talk about a new generation of coaches, what is the new generation? The generation will always be the ones that win," the Portuguese told The Sunday Times.', u'"And the ones that win occasionally or never win will always be something else."', u'Mourinho has made winning his mantra.', u'Chelsea effectively won the title in April with a 1-0 victory over Manchester United despite the Blues enjoying just 30 percent possession.', u'Chelsea were untroubled by waves of United passes and clinically carved them open with irresistible counter-attacking led by the effervescent Eden Hazard.', u"In a goalless draw against Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium one week later Mourinho's side were subjected to chants of 'boring boring Chelsea' by the mass ranks of Gunners supporters.", u'But Mourinho, who has won eight league titles, seven domestic cups, one UEFA cup and two Champions Leagues has always favoured substance over style.', u'"What it is, is people who got some idea, some philosophy, and want to create something like \'We build very well from the back, we have a very good ball possession we don\'t play counter-attack,\' the 52-year-old added.', u'"But if you don\'t play counter-attack then it\'s because you are stupid. Counter-attack is a fantastic item of football, an ammunition that you have, and when you find your opponent unbalanced you have a fantastic moment to score a goal.', u'"So I think people are creating (illusions) and it has influenced public opinion. But football will never change. Football is to win."', u'(Reporting by Tom Hayward, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'The Latest: Wawrinka Jokes About His Shorts at French Open'], [u'PARIS \u2014  The latest from the final day of the ', u':', u'___', u'9:07 p.m.', u'Just after arriving at his final French Open news conference, Stan Wawrinka draped his pink-checkered shorts over the table in front of him.', u'They have been a major topic on social media over the past fortnight, with tennis fans comparing them to swimming trunks, or boxer shorts.', u'Judy Murray, Andy Murray\'s mother, also joined the debate during the final between Wawrinka and Novak Djokovic. "If Stan wins the French Open today, everyone will remember what he wore. Seriously hot pants," she tweeted.', u'"It\'s just like everybody talk about that shorts," Wawrinka said. "I quite like them. Apparently I\'m the only one. They will be in the museum of Roland Garros. You will see my shorts every day if you want."', u"The shorts certainly worked at Roland Garros. But because of the all-white dress code at the All England Club, Wawrinka won't sport his lucky charm at the grass-court Grand Slam later this month.", u'"Regarding the pair of shorts, at Wimbledon I don\'t think that they will allow me to wear it," he said.', u'___', u'7:52 p.m.', u"Stan Wawrinka's big upset in the final of the French Open brought back good memories for three-time winner Gustavo Kuerten.", u'"Stan is much more experienced than me in 1997," said Kuerten, recalling his first victory on the Parisian red clay. "But many times that year, I had to beat players who were (considered) far better than me. Today it\'s similar. Novak, as a player, is more steady, solid and experienced than anybody else. But today Stan was the best."', u'The unseeded Kuerten was ranked 66th when he defeated three former champions on his way to the 1997 French Open title. His two other wins at Roland Garros came in 2000 and 2001.', u'___', u'7:20 p.m.', u'Stanislas Wawrinka was in the mood to continue speaking in French after winning the French Open.', u"As he collected his trophy, having beaten Novak Djokovic in four exciting sets, the Swiss started to make his winner's speech at Roland Garros.", u'The court-side interviewer then gave him the option to switch into English, but Wawrinka declined.', u'"For once I can speak French, it feels good," he said, adding that his triumph was yet to sink in.', u'"I\'m struggling to believe it," Wawrinka said after winning his second major. "Playing against Novak in the final is one of the biggest challenges."', u'___', u'7:00 p.m.', u"It's an emotional speech from Novak Djokovic as he praises French Open champion Stanislas Wawrinka after losing to him in a gripping final.", u"Not so much for the manner of Wawrinka's impressive 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4 win but for his overall attitude.", u'"There are more important things in life \u2014 personality and respect," Djokovic said after missing out on a ninth Grand Slam title. "I have a big respect for you. You are a great champion with a big heart. You deserve that title."', u'Wawrinka has won two Grand Slam titles \u2014 the other was the Australian Open in 2014 \u2014 and helped Switzerland win the Davis Cup late last year.', u'___', u'6:40 p.m.', u"There is another French Open champion on center court at Roland Garros: Gustavo Kuerten is presenting the winner's trophy.", u'A three-time winner at Roland Garros, Kuerten walked out onto center court wearing an eye-catching sky blue suit to match the gloriously sunny weather.', u'Collecting his runner-up plate, Djokovic receives long and sustained applause and looks close to tears after losing his third French Open final. The other two were against nine-time champion Rafael Nadal.', u'The cheers for Wawrinka get even bigger as he steps up, applauding the crowd.', u'___', u'6:26 p.m.', u'Against the odds, Stanislas Wawrinka has won the French Open, beating top-ranked Novak Djokovic 4-6, 6-4, 6-3, 6-4.', u'Wawrinka sealed the win on his second match point with a backhand winner down the line to clinch his second Grand Slam title and deprive Djokovic of his ninth.', u'The players hugged warmly at the net.', u'Then, with Djokovic slumped in his chair, Wawrinka went over to hug him again and patted him on the back.', u'___', u'6:00 p.m.', u"It's a tense duel in the evening sun in the French Open final, with Stanislas Wawrinka and Novak Djokovic level at 3-3 in the fourth set.", u'The top-ranked Djokovic won the first set but Wawrinka took the next two and rallied from 3-0 down in the fourth.', u'___', u'5:34 p.m.', u'Top-ranked Novak Djokovic is in trouble in the French Open final after losing the third set 6-3 to Stanislas Wawrinka, who now leads 2-1 in sets.', u'Wawrinka, unleashing winners from all over the court, broke Djokovic to lead 4-2 and then saved a break point on his serve.', u'He served out the set against an increasingly despondent-looking Djokovic, holding to love.', u'Wawrinka is looking to win his second Grand Slam title, while Djokovic is seeking his ninth.', u'Neither player has won the title at Roland Garros.', u'___', u'4:50 p.m.', u'Jeers on center court for Novak Djokovic as he smashes his racket angrily into the red clay after losing the second set 6-4 to Stanislas Wawrinka in the French Open final.', u'Djokovic, who had saved four break points in the second set, looked in control of the 10th game when he led 30-0.', u'But Wawrinka found his range and, after a long rally, Djokovic hit a backhand long to lose his serve, and the set.', u'Djokovic won the first set 6-4. Neither player has won the French Open before.', u'___', u'4:30 p.m.', u'Midway through a tense second set in the French Open final, the players have been keeping their energy levels up.', u'Top-ranked Novak Djokovic, who won the first set 6-4, has been eating dates during changeovers, while Wawrinka prefers to nibble at bananas.', u'___', u'3:56 p.m.', u'Novak Djokovic has won the first set of the French Open final 6-4 against Stanislas Wawrinka.', u'It looked set to be a long match on center court in warm conditions. The marathon ninth point lasted 40 strokes, ending when Djokovic pushed a backhand long.', u'But the top-ranked Serb stepped things up, breaking Wawrinka in the seventh game and holding for 5-3.', u'After saving break point with an ace, Djokovic clinched the first set when Wawrinka hit a forehand long.', u'___', u'3:31 p.m.', u'The odds are stacked against Stan Wawrinka in his French Open final against top-ranked Novak Djokovic, but former Switzerland Davis Cup captain Marc Rosset is betting on him to create an upset.', u'"Let\'s be crazy," Rosset told The Associated Press in the corridors of Roland Garros. "Stan in straight sets."', u'___', u'3:18 p.m.', u'The French Open final between Novak Djokovic and Stanislas Wawrinka is under way in sunny conditions at Roland Garros.', u'Both players are looking to win the tournament for the first time, with Djokovic chasing a ninth Grand Slam title and Wawrinka going for a second title after his victory at the Australian Open last year.', u'The top-ranked Djokovic has not lost on clay this season.', u'The French crowd seemed to have picked their winner: breaking out into chants of "Novak, Novak" as he stepped onto center court.', u'___', u'2:45 p.m.', u'Bethanie Mattek-Sands was quick to praise the efforts of her doubles partner Lucie Safarova after their French Open win.', u'Safarova missed out on a Grand Slam double after losing the singles final to Serena Williams late on Saturday afternoon, but was straight back on court at noon for the doubles final.', u'"You\'ve played almost every single day," Mattek-Sands told Safarova. "You\'ve done an amazing job."', u'Mattek-Sands then marvelled at the trophy. Reading the list of winners out loud, she said "Gigi Fernandez won this like, 75 times in a row. Navratilova, too."', u'___', u'2:20 p.m.', u"The day after losing the women's final to Serena Williams in a thrilling three-set match, Lucie Safarova finally has a Grand Slam title at the French Open after winning the women's doubles.", u'Teaming up with American player Bethanie Mattek-Sands, the Czech player served out the match on center court in a 3-6, 6-4, 6-2 win against against Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova', u"Safarova and Mattek-Sands fell into each other's arms and jumped up and down to celebrate their second Grand Slam winning after winning the Australian Open.", u'A delighted Mattek-Sands kissed Safarova several times on the cheek before they congratulated their opponents warmly at the net.', u'___', u'1:39 p.m.', u'Lucie Safarova is still on course to win a Grand Slam title at the French Open.', u"Teaming up with American player Bethanie Mattek-Sands in the women's doubles final, the Czech has just served out the second set to level at 1-set all on Court Philippe Chatrier against Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova.", u"Safarova was beaten by Serena Williams in the women's final on Saturday."]), ([u'Fencing-Russian Sharikov Dies in Car Accident'], [u"MOSCOW \u2014  Russia's double Olympic fencing champion Sergei Sharikov has died in a car accident, the Russian Olympic Committee said on its website (", u') on Sunday.', u'The incident happened on Saturday evening around 100km from Moscow. Sharikov was behind the wheel when his car moved into the oncoming lane and struck another vehicle.', u'The 40-year-old was taken to hospital but died from his injuries.', u'Sharikov was a member of the Russian fencing team from 1994 until 2004.', u'He won Olympic gold in 1996 and 2000 in the saber team event. In 2001, 2002 and 2003 he was crowned world champion.', u'Sharikov had been working as a fencing coach for the Russian national team since 2009.', u'(Reporting by Dmitriy Rogovitskiy, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Germany, Brazil March On as Proud Fiji Bow Out'], [u"WELINGTON \u2014  Germany and Brazil picked up their third consecutive group wins on Sunday to march into the knockout stages of the under-20 World Cup while Fiji's fairytale journey in the tournament ended with a 3-0 loss to Uzbekistan.", u"Uzbekistan's win and Honduras' 5-1 thumping by Germany, saw the Central Asian side catapult from bottom to second place in Group F.", u'Fiji, who won fans worldwide with their 3-0 win over Honduras, needed just a point to advance and looked set to progress after a barren first half but goalkeeper Miswani Nairube weakly allowed a header from Eldor Shomurodov slip through his hands to put the Uzbeks 1-0 up.', u'Zabikhillo Urinboev shot under Nairube a minute later for the second and Mirjamol Kosimov fired across goal into the bottom corner in stoppage-time for the third.', u'"It was most probably unexpected by a lot of people that we would have this opportunity going into the last game. We\'ve most probably over achieved," Fiji coach Frank Farina told reporters.', u'"I truly believed that the team who scored first would go on. I\'m disappointed with the manner that the (first) goal was conceded but we are really proud of how the boys have performed."', u"In the group's other match, Germany opened the scoring from the penalty spot in the second minute and though Honduras equalised in the 19th, they never really threatened Germany's 100 per cent record.", u'The Uzbeks finished tied on three points with Honduras and Fiji but advanced due to a superior goal difference and will now play Austria in the last 16.', u'In Christchurch, Brazil were made to wait an hour by North Korea but the Latin Americans won 3-0 to sail into the last 16 where they will meet Uruguay.', u'Goals from Taiwo Awoniyi in each half helped Nigeria to a 2-0 win over Hungary and set up a last-16 clash with Germany.', u'The Hungarians still went through as one of the best third-placed teams and will take on Serbia in the knock-out phase.', u'(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u"Barca's New Direct Play Does the Trick in Second Treble"], [u'BARCELONA \u2014  Winning goals from Luis Suarez and Neymar on the counter-attack to sink Juventus in the Champions League final encapsulated the new direct play from Barcelona that saw them become the first European side to win the treble for the second time.', u'Suarez has provided an acute understanding and extra fire power following his comeback from a biting ban last October and is the final piece of the jigsaw in an attacking trident for Barca that is devastating to watch.', u"The Uruguayan perhaps did not have his best game for Barca but he was still heavily influential in defeating Juventus with his predatory instincts seeing him pounce and slot home the ball after Lionel Messi's initial shot was saved by Gianluigi Buffon.", u'When Barca last won the treble in 2009 they accomplished it through ball possession and short passing but now they are at their most dangerous on the breakaway.', u"It was after Alvaro Morata had equalised for Juventus and the Italians were bossing the game at 1-1 that Messi found the space in the lead up to Suarez's goal and similarly in injury time Neymar sealed the win on another counter.", u'"We knew about his quality and his record," said Luis Enrique, referring to Suarez in a news conference, who joined Barca from Liverpool ahead of this campaign.', u'"The only doubt was whether he was going to be able to adapt here. You can now see it has worked out. He has an incredible hunger and desire to win trophies.', u'The coach also praised the contribution of Messi and Neymar.', u'"Messi is our key player and the second goal was his. We are very happy with him and he gave us what he has been giving us all this season," he said.', u'"Last year (Neymar) had a very good season despite it being the first (at the club). Now he has developed and he has been spectacular. He demonstrated that he is one of the best players in the world."', u"Barca have found solidity in defence and the impact of Luis Enrique's work on strategy at set-plays has clearly worked as it is no longer such a weak point.", u'But still it has been the three forwards that have made the difference.', u'Crucially, Luis Enrique and Messi have improved their relationship in recent months and this was emphasised by the image of them hugging on the pitch after the final in Berlin.', u'(Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Guam Find Their Voice Ahead of First Home World Cup Qualifier'], [u'(Reuters) - In tiny Guam, a United States territory of less than 200,000 inhabitants in the North Pacific Ocean, a nation are finding their voice ahead of their first ever home World Cup qualifier on Thursday.', u"The match against Turkmenistan, who they have never faced, will be Guam's first World Cup fixture since they were thrashed 16-0 by Tajikistan in 2000 which came two days after their debut at this level, a 19-0 loss in Iran.", u"To mark Thursday's historic fixture at the National Training Center in Hagatna, Guam's goalkeeping coach Adrian Creamer tapped his musical friends to provide a football anthem.", u'Creamer\'s contact was Ronan McManus, the younger brother of British singer-songwriter Elvis Costello, who wrote and released "Biba Guahan" with his band Brand New Zeros which the Guam Football Association have posted for free online.', u'"It\'s sort of a Hollywood story, really," McManus was quoted as saying by Sunday\'s Pacific Daily News. "A small nation really making great strides. You can feel the excitement."', u'Some members of the British-based band needed some convincing at first, McManus said.', u'"There was a little bit of an explanation as to where Guam is, but once they heard the story they all loved it. They were happy to be involved. They were delighted."', u"And hopes are high of a happy ending to Thursday's script for the team known as the 'Matao', a traditional term for the indigenous Chamorro population that refers to courage.", u'Since the arrival of Englishman Garry White in 2012 as head coach and technical director the double digit devastations have ceased for the side which became FIFA members in 1996.', u'In 2013, they recorded a first win over Taiwan and last year achieved their best ever FIFA ranking of 160th, a sizeable feat for a squad headlined by Los Angeles Galaxy defender A.J. DeLaGarza but featuring many players with limited U.S. college experience.', u"For Jason Cunliffe, the side's 31-year-old skipper and forward who juggles his national team duties with working in a bank, the opportunity was one to grab with both hands.", u'"We go out to win," he told FIFA. "We are looking to take scalps. We are not going to sit back and park the bus. We are going to come at you, and you will have to beat us."', u"White, who was released by English Premier League side Southampton as a youth player, couldn't wait for the opening match of the joint World Cup and Asian Cup qualifying campaign.", u'"The World Cup is the biggest sporting event in the planet. It\'s bigger than the Olympics," White, who held similar roles with other tropical minnows British Virgin Islands and Bahamas, told the Pacific Daily News.', u'"This type of event could inspire our next generation of players. It could be the turning point for some of them."', u"Thursday's match is followed by another home qualifier on June 16 against India, the world's second most populous nation.", u'A trip to Iran follows in September at the Azadi Stadium in Tehran, which could almost house the entire population of Guam having routinely hosted 100,000 fans for matches. Oman are also Group D opponents.', u'Cunliffe said the home fixtures were a chance to put Guam, which takes four hours in a flight from Manila, on the map.', u'"We can show them that maybe we only have a population of about 180,000, but when we come to play, we can bring it, too," he told local media.', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Farah Withdraws From Birmingham Diamond League Meeting'], [u"LONDON \u2014  Double Olympic champion Mo Farah has withdrawn from Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Birmingham a day after expressing anger over the allegations made about coach Alberto Salazar.", u'On Saturday Farah said he was angry his name had "been dragged through the mud" after a BBC documentary alleged his coach Salazar and training partner Galen Rupp had violated anti-doping rules.', u'The 32-year-old, who won gold in the 5,000 and 10,000 metres at the London Olympics, was due to compete in a shorter 1,500 metres but has since pulled out citing the emotional and physical wear of the allegations.', u'"This week has been very stressful and taken a lot out of me," Farah, who was not accused of any wrongdoing by the documentary, said in statement on Sunday.', u'"I have not been able to focus properly on today\'s race and after the events of the last few days feel emotionally and physically drained.', u'"I want to run well in the IAAF World Athletics Championships in Beijing and have decided it is better for me to go back to the US, seek answers to my questions and get back into training.', u'"I apologise to the people who bought tickets to come and watch me race and ask for your understanding at this time."', u'(Reporting By Tom Hayward in London; editing by Sudipto ganguly)']), ([u'More Problems for Floorball as Venue Switched'], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Floorball\'s Southeast Asian Games debut suffered another hiccup on Sunday when organisers were forced to switch venues because of "technical issues".', u'"The competition venue for floorball will now be changed to ITE College Central," organisers said in a short statement on Sunday without elaborating on the problems.', u'Floorball, a form of indoor hockey popular in Singapore but not as much in the rest of the 11-member region, is making its full debut at the 28th SEA Games after entering as a demonstration event in Myanmar two years ago.', u"However, the women's competition which starts on Thursday has already suffered problems after the Philippines' late withdrawal for unspecified reasons left organisers with only three teams, short of the four normally required. Organisers have said the event will still go ahead.", u'(Reporting by Patrick Johnston; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'BBC Says It Has Seen Documents Detailing Warner Transactions'], [u"LONDON \u2014  The British Broadcasting Corp claims to have seen evidence detailing what happened to the $10 million soccer's world governing body FIFA sent to former vice-president Jack Warner.", u'Warner is among nine current and former FIFA officials and five corporate executives charged by the U.S. Department of Justice with running a criminal enterprise that involved more than $150 million in bribes.', u'Prosecutors say Warner solicited bribes worth $10 million from the South African government to host the 2010 World Cup and diverted funds for personal use.', u'The BBC reported on Sunday that it had seen documents showing Warner had used the money for cash withdrawals, personal loans and to launder money.', u'"The papers seen by the BBC detail three wire transfers by FIFA," the report said.', u'"In the three transactions -- on 4 January, 1 February and 10 March 2008 -- funds totaling $10m from FIFA accounts were received into CONCACAF accounts controlled by Jack Warner."', u"Warner, a central figure in world football's deepening scandal, had constantly denied any wrongdoing but vowed last week to tell investigators all he knew about corruption within the sport's governing body.", u'The 72-year-old announced his plans to reveal all in a paid political address in his homeland of Trinidad and Tobago, entitled "The gloves are off".', u'"The documents reveal how the money was spent and moved around," the BBC said in its report.', u'"JTA Supermarkets, a large chain in Trinidad, received $4,860,000 from the accounts.', u'"The money was paid in installments from January 2008 to March 2009. The largest payment was $1,350,000, paid in February 2008."', u"(Reporting by Julian Linden in Singapore; Editing by John O'Brien)"]), ([u"Barca Complain to UEFA Over Fans' Treatment"], [u'BARCELONA, June 7 \u2014  - Barcelona have complained to UEFA over delays and poor facilities provided by German authorities for fans flying back to Spain in the early hours of Sunday morning after the Champions League final.', u'Barca supporters celebrating their side\u2019s 3-1 win over Juventus were left angry by their treatment at the Berlin Exhibition Centre, a normally unused terminal at Schoenefeld airport, which was assigned by UEFA for the arrival and departure of charter flights.', u'\u201cBarcelona have filed a formal complaint to UEFA claiming that the Berlin authorities have breached conditions set out for members and club fans leaving the German capital this morning,\u201d Barca said in a statement on Sunday.', u'It added that \u201cminimum services expected at an airport\u201d were not provided and that disabled people were particularly affected.', u'More than 5,000 fans were leaving from the terminal at Schoenefeld airport and the club complained that only four buses were provided to take them to their planes, causing long delays.', u'Barca also said the PA system in the terminal did not work and ', u' were \u201coutrageous\u201d.', u'(Reporting by Tim Hanlon, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Drive Through Penalty for Button'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  McLaren's Jenson Button, already starting last in Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix after missing qualifying, collected an additional drive through penalty after the team changed parts of his Honda power unit.", u'"JB\'s MGU-H and turbo have been replaced, hence he will have a drive-through penalty in this afternoon\u2019s race," the team said on Twitter.', u"Button, winner in Canada in 2011, scored misfiring McLaren's first points of the season in Monaco two weeks ago when he finished eighth.", u"In 2011, he won a rain-affected race despite being in last place when the race was re-started. After passing Sebastian Vettel's Red Bull on the last lap, he described it as possibly the best victory of his career.", u"Button's team mate Fernando Alonso, who has yet to finish in the points this season, starts 13th but McLaren have no illusions about the task ahead.", u'Racing director Eric Boullier said on Saturday that McLaren, who have not won a race since 2012, needed to improve in all areas.', u'"If you want to win you have to be the best in terms of aerodynamics, vehicle dynamics, chassis, driveability, so we have to improve everywhere," the Frenchman said.', u'"We are lacking downforce to be at the front... so we have to work on this to make the car better."', u'(Editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Lightning Confident in Both Goalies as Final Goes to Chicago'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  Whether Ben Bishop or Andrei Vasilevskiy is in net for the Lightning when the Stanley Cup Final continues in Chicago, their Tampa Bay teammates are confident they can chase a championship in front of either goalie.', u'That trust was earned over a long season, and it was cemented in the wacky third period of Game 2 on Saturday night.', u"In a scene that got weirder with each of the Lightning's three goalie changes, the veteran Bishop and his 20-year-old Russian understudy shared the final 20 minutes of Tampa Bay's 4-3 victory.", u'The Lightning evened the series when Vasilevskiy stopped all five shots he faced in 9:13 spread over two stretches, including the tense final 7 1/2 minutes. Vasilevskiy was caught by surprise when Bishop exited the tied game, but he showed no fear in his big moment.', u'"Yes, a little big," Vasilevskiy said. "But after the first couple of shots, I felt better. I kept my head in the game."', u"The Lightning refused to say why Bishop left midway through the third period, briefly returned, and then left for good. They also wouldn't say whether they expect Bishop to play in Game 3 at the United Center on Monday night.", u"If Bishop can't go, the Lightning's Stanley Cup hopes would rest on the 19th overall pick in the 2012 draft and his 19 total games of NHL experience, including relief duty in three postseason contests.", u"Vasilevskiy was a solid 7-5-1 with a 2.36 goals-against average and a .918 save percentage as a rookie this year, but he didn't get much work. Bishop set the franchise record for victories, and he has 52 combined wins this year.", u"Vasilevskiy hasn't started a game since March 31, playing just twice in relief between then and Game 2.", u'"I\'m sure it can\'t be easy for him," Tampa Bay forward Ryan Callahan said. "I\'ve never experienced anything like that before. He showed a lot of character and came up with some big saves there."', u'Vasilevskiy is a newcomer to the NHL playoffs \u2014 but so is Bishop.', u"Bishop missed last year's postseason with a wrist injury after finishing as a finalist for the Vezina Trophy, and he had just one AHL game of professional postseason experience entering this spring. The 6-foot-7 goalie has had a few ugly games mixed with a largely solid effort in the Eastern Conference bracket.", u'"The one thing about Vasilevskiy, I know we have two unbelievably capable goaltenders," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "When Bish had to leave, there wasn\'t an ounce of stress on anybody on our bench, including myself. I mean, the kid proved it when he went in. He was great."', u"Vasilevskiy has played plenty of big games at lower levels of hockey, but a Chicago crowd lusting after the Cup would provide an entirely new level of pressure. The Lightning claim they're completely confident their young goalie could handle it \u2014 and he feels even more confident than he did one period ago.", u'"Nervous? Just maybe a little bit," Vasilevskiy said. "But after the first couple shots, I feel myself better. Every game I\'m ready, and I keep my head ready for the game, and that\'s it. ... First time, maybe more nervous. But second time, just play and that\'s it."']), ([u"In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground"], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane.', u'In the impoverished country, where many live without electricity and unexploded ordnance litter rural areas, rugby is a sport that is only just starting to take root.', u'So if the small grass area next door to the United States Ambassadors residence in the Lao capital is unavailable, the switch moves and passing drills take place in a nearby car park with plastic cones to try and deter the motorbikes.', u'Understandably, finding a field of their own is the priority for Lao Rugby Federation (LRF) partnerships and development advisor Megan Knight, who previously worked with USA Rugby.', u'"Pitches are the most important thing as the kids in most of the places where we are playing, play on dirt school grounds, they can\u2019t tackle, that\'s the thing that prevents them from improving," the American told Reuters.', u'"Because of the bombs, the mountains, the gravel there is just a lot of reasons why it is tough to find a space to play."', u"The Colorado native, who speaks fluent Lao and regularly plays for the women's international team, moved to Laos after using the internet to find rugby development opportunities in Asia.", u'During her time, Laos has seen a growing female interest in the game after the LRF partnered with two non-government organisations, ChildFund and Women Win, on the Sport for Development project.', u'In a country where many women marry in their mid-teens and often leave school early to help farm family lands, Knight said the rugby project was developing life skills, improving confidence and fostering role models.', u'One of those is 23-year-old Lao Khang, who had never heard of rugby three years ago before the LRF came to her small village in Nonghet district. She is now one of 2,000 that play the sport, also coaching and administrating at the body.', u'"She is such a celebrity when she goes back, everyone knows who she is, they see her on TV," said Knight.', u'"Most people in Nonghet don\'t get a chance to leave the country, let alone the district, so to see someone who hasn\u2019t even finished school go on and do all this stuff it really inspires kids to be involved ... there is huge benefit."', u'By offering paid work, sceptical families were more willing to allow daughters to pursue the alien sport.', u'"Their parents wont let them just join rugby clubs as they have all this other work to do," she said.', u'BIG HEARTS', u"Knight said poor internet and limited international rugby access meant none of the Laos women's team would recognise All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams.", u'But while playing numbers are growing, standards remain low. The women were beaten 17-0 by Malaysia and Philippines on Saturday before hosts Singapore walloped them 54-0.', u'Physicality is an obvious issue. Khang is one of the taller players in the squad at 1.60 metres (5-ft-3in), with three of the 12 below five feet.', u'"They like to always say they are small people with big hearts," Knight said.', u'While playing at the Olympics "would be great", social development goals are the priority. The sport\'s global governing body, World Rugby, has taken note.', u'"They are saying if a small country like Laos can get so many girls participating we need to learn from the model," Knight said.', u'LRF receive only limited funding from World Rugby but were given a grant to aid their work in a country which has never won an Olympic medal and where children normally play either football or sepak takraw, the volleyball-like game popular in South East Asia.', u'The SEA Games experience, a rare foreign trip, concludes for the team on Sunday before they fly back on Monday. It will have cost the LRF $20,000, around a fifth of the annual budget, with no help from the Laos National Olympic Committee.', u"The team's eye-catching, flowery kits were donated by Hong Kong sponsors.", u'Knight said the job, which only became paid in September after four years, was rewarding but challenging.', u'"Sometimes it\'s really stressful, what Hong Kong do with 80 people we try to do with six. It takes us 14 hours driving to get to some of the places we are working. It\'s really hard but really fun."', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'American Pharoah Shows Winning Triple Crown Is Possible'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  American Pharoah proved it's not impossible to win the ", u'.', u'Sure, 37 years had passed since Affirmed swept the ', u', ', u' and ', u". And lots of people didn't dare get their hopes up for another Triple Crown winner after 13 other horses since then had their tries go awry at Belmont Park.", u'Some observers even suggested the Triple Crown was too tough and changes were needed to make the series easier.', u'American Pharoah proved everyone wrong.', u"He cruised to a 5 \xbd-length victory Saturday, leading all the way in a grueling race in which his rivals never threatened. The bay colt with the unusually short tail and misspelled name \u2014 it should be pharaoh \u2014 made one of sports' rarest feats look easy in front of a delirious sellout crowd of 90,000.", u'American Pharoah kicked away at the top of the stretch, triggering a raucous celebration that began before the finish line and lasted long after the race ended. The party continues Sunday in Louisville, Kentucky, where the California-based colt will be feted at Churchill Downs, where he stayed in between Triple Crown races.', u"Here's what to know about how he became a champion, and what's ahead for him:", u'A GREAT HORSE', u"It takes a great horse to win the Triple Crown, one that can endure the compressed schedule of three races at various distances on different tracks in five weeks. Not to mention the prep races needed to accumulate enough points to run in the Derby. After losing his first career race, American Pharoah went on to win an Eclipse Award as last year's 2-year-old champion. Now, he's won seven in a row and the only close one was the Derby, which he won by a length. That was the stiff test he needed to toughen up for the rest of the Triple Crown. He later won the Preakness by seven lengths in a driving rainstorm.", u'OVERCAME INJURY', u'American Pharoah, the early favorite, couldn\'t run in the Breeders\' Cup Juvenile last October because of a bruised left front foot. He was off for 6 \xbd months and didn\'t return to the races until March 14. That\'s somewhat late in the Derby prep season, but trainer Bob Baffert showed patience in resting his star horse until he was fully recovered. American Pharoah didn\'t lose any of his conditioning despite his extended vacation. "Nobody can make a slow horse a fast horse," owner Ahmed Zayat said, "but it\'s a trainer who cares who can develop a horse. A trainer who cares knows when to stop a horse when we\'re all tempted to run him."', u'FAILURE AND EXPERIENCE', u'Baffert and jockey Victor Espinoza can breathe sighs of relief after ditching their personal Triple Crown curses. Baffert had lost his three previous Triple tries, including by a nose in 1998. He finally got his hands on the sterling silver Triple Crown trophy that had been waiting 37 years at the Kentucky Derby museum for someone to claim it. "I was really getting to dislike this trophy \u2014 it\'s come with a lot of misery," Baffert said. Espinoza missed Triple Crown sweeps in 2002 \u2014 riding War Emblem who was trained by Baffert \u2014 and last year aboard California Chrome. "I feel like a loser the last two times," he said. "I looked at that trophy, I was excited and kind of angry because two times I can\'t get it until now."', u'NEXT UP', u'The breeding rights to American Pharoah were sold before the Belmont to Coolmore Ashford Stud in Versailles, Kentucky. Zayat will continue to own the colt until he retires, which isn\'t expected to be until sometime next year. "Can this change? Possibly, I can\'t promise," Zayat said. "We need to enjoy our stars and race them as long as we possibly can." Stud fees won\'t be determined until American Pharoah retires, but winning the Triple Crown should send them into orbit. His sire, Pioneerof the Nile, stands at $60,000 per live foal.']), ([u'Feilhaber Penalty Ends Sporting KC Drought Against Sounders'], [u'(Reuters) - Benny Feilhaber converted a spot kick in the 84th minute and Sporting Kansas City earned a 1-0 triumph for their first regular season win over the Seattle Sounders since 2009.\xa0', u'The drought had included a scoreless streak of three years against the Sounders, but it all came to a halt in a tough battle between two of the top teams in Major League Soccer\u2019s Western Conference.\xa0', u'Hosts Kansas City were awarded the penalty after Seattle goalkeeper Stefan Frei collided with Dominic Dwyer, who came on as a substitute in the 58th minute.', u'In other Western Conference action, the Vancouver Whitecaps took a 1-0 road victory over the Los Angeles Galaxy.\xa0', u'Kekuta Manneh scored in the 32nd minute to help Vancouver vault into a tie with Seattle for a conference-leading 26 points.\xa0', u'The Portland Timbers had a brace of goals from Fanendo Adi in the final four minutes of regulation time in their 2-0 win over New England Revolution.', u'Adi first struck with a header in the 86th minute, and added another in the 89th minute.\xa0', u'Elsewhere, Toronto FC edged DC United 2-1 and New York City FC topped Philadelphia Union 2-1.\xa0', u'Montreal Impact had a pair of second-half goals to defeat Columbus Crew 2-1, while Orlando City SC was aided by two own goals to beat Chicago Fire 3-2.\xa0', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u"Lightning Silent on Goaltender Bishop's Replacement"], [u'June 6 (Reuters) \u2013 - The Tampa Bay Lightning celebrated a series-tying victory over the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday but were tight-lipped about the fitness of Ben Bishop after the starting goaltender was replaced.', u'Bishop, who made 21 saves in Tampa Bay\u2019s 4-3 Game Two win over the Blackhawks, left the game twice during the third period leaving questions about his health.', u'Bishop first departed with the score 3-3 with 12:43 to play to be replaced by 20-year-old rookie Andrei Vasilevskiy.', u'He returned with 11:11 remaining after Tampa Bay took the lead but was again replaced with 7:41 left.', u'Vasilevskiy finished with five stops and was the winning goaltender.', u'The Lightning offered no explanation, instead focusing on Vasilevskiy\u2019s relief performance.', u'\u201cI can\u2019t really tell you too much (about Bishop leaving). He had to get out, but (Vasilevskiy) came in and he did big things for us,\u201d Lightning center Tyler Johnson told reporters.', u'\u201cWe have a lot of confidence in (Vasilevskiy). We\u2019ve seen him all year.\u201d', u'The mystery may be explained by a third-period collision with Chicago\u2019s Antoine Vermette. The Blackhawks center was skating by the net in the first few minutes of the third when he made contact with Bishop\u2019s upper body that seemed to inflict discomfort.', u'Bishop did play on, however.', u'The Lightning netminder was been pivotal in Tampa Bay\u2019s playoff run, recording a pair of Game Seven shutouts.', u'Bishop had held opponents scoreless for a total of 113:28 before Chicago broke loose during the third period of the Lightning\u2019s Game One loss.', u'With Game Three on Monday in Chicago, Tampa Bay has a quick turnaround. \xa0\xa0', u'"I know we have two unbelievably capable goaltenders,\u201d said Lightning coach Jon Cooper.', u"\u201cWhen (Bishop) had to leave, there wasn't an ounce of stress on anybody on our bench, including myself. \u201cThe kid proved it when he went in. He was great.\u201d", u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Dravid to Shape Next Generation of Indian Cricketers'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  Rahul Dravid has been entrusted with shaping the future of Indian cricket and agreed in principle to coach the country's under-19 and A teams.", u'The Indian cricket board (BCCI) last week named a three-member advisory committee comprised of former cricketers Sourav Ganguly, Sachin Tendulkar and VVS Laxman but the absence of former captain and batting great Dravid had surprised many.', u"BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur laid the concerns to rest by confirming that the modalities of Dravid's contract will be finalised in the next few days.", u'"The good news is that Rahul Dravid has agreed to coach India A and India under-19 in the future," Thakur told reporters in Kolkata after a meeting with the advisory committee on Saturday.', u'The 42-year-old Dravid, who has over 13,000 runs in tests and close to 11,000 in the 50-over format, will start by preparing the India A side for a home series against Australia A and South Africa A in July and August.', u"Dravid said the role suited his family life fine and he did not see it as a platform to groom himself for the national team's head coaching job which remains vacant after the departure of Duncan Fletcher in March.", u'"I think it is really exciting because it has been an area I have always been interested in," Dravid told ESPNcricinfo of his new role.', u'"I feel it is a very important stage of development of a lot of cricketers, having been through myself, and I am just hoping that ... I will probably be able to help some of these young cricketers on their journey.', u'"I don\'t see this as any stepping stone, I just see this as an opportunity to work with young players over the next few months, six weeks of an A tour and may be six or seven weeks, with the under-19 team."', u"With India widely known as poor travellers, Dravid's role will be crucial.", u'The new advisory panel has recommended increasing the overseas trips of junior teams and organising tours a year earlier in countries where the senior team would be scheduled to play a major tournament or series.', u'"One of the suggestions by the legends was to increase the number of India A tours overseas so that we can give more and more exposure to our A players and they can play competitive cricket," Thakur said.', u'"In the past few years, the performance of the Indian team was not up to the mark overseas, so our focus would be on India A tour overseas.', u'"For example, if we have to play Champions Trophy in England, then India A must tour England or nearby countries one year in advance."', u'The panel has also suggested identifying a pool of 30 bowlers, comprising of 15 pacemen and the same number of spinners, to be groomed for international cricket over a four-year cycle.', u'(Writing by Sudipto Ganguly in Mumbai; editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Russia, Qatar Might Lose Their World Cups: Paper'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  Russia and Qatar could be stripped of their World Cup hosting rights if evidence emerges of bribery in the bidding process, Domenico Scala, the independent chairman of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, told a Swiss newspaper.", u"The FBI's investigation of bribery and corruption at FIFA includes scrutiny of how soccer's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia and Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official told Reuters this week.", u'"If evidence should emerge that the awards to Qatar and Russia only came about thanks to bought votes, then the awards could be invalidated," Scala told SonntagsZeitung in an interview published on Sunday.', u'"This evidence has not yet been brought forth."', u'Russia and Qatar have denied wrongdoing in the conduct of their bids for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments, which were not the subject of charges announced by U.S. prosecutors last week against FIFA officials.', u'Scala made similar comments in 2013 but events over the last two weeks, which included a dawn police raid in Zurich and the arrests of several FIFA officials on U.S. charges, have added urgency to his remarks.', u'British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said he supported Qatar hosting the 2022 tournament but said Britain would work with another country if FIFA re-opened the bidding process.', u'"We would offer our support to any country that has been chosen to host the World Cup," Hammond told BBC World Service radio, saying the final decision would be for FIFA to make. He ruled out any British bid to host the 2022 competition if Qatar was stripped of hosting rights.', u'Sepp Blatter unexpectedly announced on Tuesday he was resigning, just four days after securing a fifth term as FIFA president and shortly before it emerged that he too was under investigation by U.S. law enforcement.', u'In a separate interview with Swiss paper Sonntags Blick, Scala floated the idea of term limits for the FIFA presidency.', u'"If a FIFA president does two or three cycles that is enough," Scala was quoted as saying.', u'A representative for Scala confirmed his remarks.', u'FIFA did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u'(Reporting by Joshua Franklin in Zurich and William James in London; Editing by Jon Boyle and Janet Lawrence)']), ([u"Jackson's Homer Snaps Mariners' 7-Game Skid, 2-1 Over Rays"], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  Runs have been hard to come by for the Seattle Mariners during a seven-game losing streak, but Austin Jackson gave them just enough.', u"Jackson's solo home run in the seventh inning broke a 1-1 tie and the Mariners squeaked by the Tampa Bay Rays 2-1 on Saturday night.", u'After an uncharacteristic outing last time out, Felix Hernandez (9-2) allowed just one run on two hits in seven innings. Rookie Carson Smith notched his first career save for Seattle.', u'"A win\'s a win. We\'ll all sleep a little better tonight," manager Lloyd McClendon said.', u"Hernandez allowed seven runs and lasted just 4 2/3 innings as he struggled with command in last Monday's loss to the New York Yankees. Hernandez still fought with some command issues but managed to keep the Rays in check.", u'"It\'s big one for us," Hernandez said. "We\'ve been struggling a little bit. I believe in this team and we\'ve just got to believe in ourselves."', u'Seth Smith doubled to lead off the fourth inning off Rays starter Alex Colome and advanced to third on a single from Logan Morrison. Willie Bloomquist singled to give the Mariners a 1-0 lead.', u"Mike Zunino followed with a walk to load the bases with no outs. However, the Mariners would fail to add to the damage as Jackson fouled out to third base. Robinson Cano's struggles continued as he grounded into a double play to end the inning.", u'Kevin Kiermaier tripled off Hernandez with one out in the sixth and scored on a wild pitch to even the game at 1-1. Jackson homered on the seventh pitch against Rays reliever Steven Geltz (1-2) take the lead for good. Jackson is hitting .390 with four doubles, a triple, a home run and four RBIs in his last 10 games.', u'The Mariners had been held to one run or less in three straight games and have not scored more than three runs in 11 straight games.', u'Seattle is getting baserunners \u2014 averaging over eight hits a game on the homestand \u2014 but have been abysmal with runners in scoring position. The Mariners are 12-for-78 (.154) with runners in scoring position over the last 10 games.', u'"We\'ve gotten the runners out there, we just haven\'t necessarily done the best job getting them in and it\'s tough," Jackson said. "They\'re not throwing us any cookies. We\'re having to work for it and we\'re going to have to work for it some more."', u'CLOSER CAROUSEL', u'The Mariners turned to rookie Smith instead of veteran closer Fernando Rodney. Rodney (2-3, 6.94 ERA) has struggled all season and has just one clean appearance since the start of May. Two of his three blown saves have come in the last two weeks. "I think it\'s an opportunity to clean Fernando up and get some things straightened out from a mechanical standpoint. We\'ll see how it goes," McClendon said. Smith, Mark Lowe and Charlie Furbush will be considered on a situational basis going forward in the closing role.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rays: RHP Jake Odorizzi is likely to miss some time after suffering a tight left oblique Friday night. ... 3B Evan Longoria was not in the lineup Saturday and is day-to-day while nursing a sore left wrist.', u'Mariners: RHP Hisashi Iwakuma is expected to toss his second bullpen session on Sunday. Iwakuma threw 27 pitches in a bullpen session on Thursday as he continues to work back from a strained right lat muscle that landed him on the disabled list on April 24.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rays: RHP Chris Archer (6-4, 2.01 ERA) is coming off two straight starts with at least 12 strikeouts and no walks. Archer allowed just two hits over eight innings with 12 strikeouts against Seattle on May 27.', u'Mariners: LHP Mike Montgomery (0-0, 1.50 ERA) is making his second career start. Montgomery took a no decision after allowing just one run on four hits over six innings to the New York Yankees in his major league debut last Tuesday.', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show the last name of the reliever who gave up the home run is Geltz, not Geitz.']), ([u'Mets Back deGrom With 4 Homers in 6-3 Win Over Diamondbacks'], [u"PHOENIX \u2014  Curtis Granderson hit two of New York's three leadoff homers, Jacob deGrom struck out 10 in seven effective innings and the Mets bashed their way past the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-3 Sunday.", u'Granderson led off the game with a home run, had another to start the fifth and the Mets hit four homers off Josh Collmenter (3-6) in six innings to earn a four-game split.', u'Eric Campbell hit a two-run homer in the second inning and Wilmer Flores led off the sixth with a solo shot. Juan Lagares had three hits and deGrom (7-4) recovered after a shaky first inning to win his fourth straight decision.', u'Jeurys Familia worked a perfect ninth for his 17th save in 18 tries, aided by fine defensive plays from Lagares and Flores.', u'Collmenter had held opponents to three earned runs or fewer in each of his previous three starts.', u'The Mets had that many against him in the first two innings.', u'Granderson opened with his third leadoff homer this season, 31st of his career, and Campbell added a two-run shot in the second to put the Mets up 3-2.', u'Granderson hit another leadoff homer in the fifth, hitting a ball deep into the seats in right. Flores took his turn to open the sixth, hitting his ninth homer of the season to put New York up 5-2.', u'Collmenter allowed five runs and nine hits in six innings.', u"Last season's NL Rookie of the Year, deGrom was sharp over his previous four starts, allowing three earned runs in 29 1-3 innings while striking out 34 and walking one.", u'The Diamondbacks jumped on him early Sunday.', u"Ender Inciarte led off the first inning with a double, the first extra-base hit deGrom had allowed in 33 1-3 innings over five starts. Paul Goldschmidt drove in one run on a fielder's choice \u2014 with help from Campbell's throwing error at third base \u2014 and David Peralta made it 2-0 with a sacrifice fly.", u"After the opening inning, deGrom settled down, stringing together six strikeouts in seven at-bats before allowing a run in the sixth on Chris Owings' bunt single. The right-hander yielded three runs \u2014 two earned \u2014 and five hits in his sixth career game with at least 10 strikeouts.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Mets: Flores was back in the lineup after sitting out Saturday with general soreness.', u'Diamondbacks: 3B Jake Lamb was back in the starting lineup for the first time since returning from a stint on the DL with a left foot stress reaction. He went 0 for 4.', u'UP NEXT', u'Mets: Rookie RHP Noah Syndergaard, the scheduled starter Tuesday night against San Francisco, is the first Mets pitcher to have at least five strikeouts in his first five games in the majors.', u'Diamondbacks: Right-handers are hitting .194 against RHP Rubby De La Rosa, who will start Monday in the opener of a three-game series at the Los Angeles Dodgers.', u'___', u'This story has been corrected to show error in first inning was committed by Campbell, not Flores.']), ([u"Things Learned From Barcelona's Champions League Win"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Looking ahead to next year's Champions League final: Can the newly crowned champion, Barcelona, defend the European title it won so spectacularly against Juventus?", u'The record book would suggest not: Not since Milan in 1990 has a team won the European Cup twice in a row.', u"But Barcelona's 3-1 victory in Berlin on Saturday threw up strong reasons to believe that the now five-time winner could make it six very quickly, perhaps as soon as next year.", u"Here are five lessons learned from Barcelona's pulsating performance in Berlin:", u'___', u'THE ENRIQUE EFFECT:', u"In his first season as Barcelona coach, Luis Enrique has crafted a team that goes for the jugular faster. The basic style of play hasn't changed vastly: Barcelona still keeps the ball as much as it can. It had 62 percent of the possession against Juventus and its default position is still to build attacks methodically from the back.", u"Goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen avoided hit-and-hope long kicks up-field in Berlin's Olympic Stadium, because doing so would only have given more of the ball to Juventus.", u"But there is more adventure in Enrique's setup, a greater willingness to try other options going forward. Exhibit A: Barcelona's first goal came not from a long-winded exchange of short passes or a dribble from Lionel Messi. Instead, Messi got the attack started with a long diagonal pass from midfield. That landed for Jordi Alba, who quick as a flash passed to Neymar. The Brazilian then slipped the ball to Andres Iniesta, who neatly flicked it to Ivan Rakitic to score.", u'The combination was dizzyingly quick and devastating for Gianluigi Buffon, left with no chance from such short range in the Juventus goal.', u'___', u'SUAREZ PROVIDES BITE:', u"Having the strength and guile of Luis Suarez up front is one reason why Barcelona can be more direct in its attacks. Barcelona did its image no favors when it bought the striker after his infamous chomp of Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini's shoulder at the 2014 World Cup. The $110-million transfer from Liverpool made it look as though Barcelona was condoning the bad behavior that earned Suarez a lengthy ban.", u"But, for lack of a better word, the Uruguay striker does provide real attacking bite for Barcelona. He can make goals on his own, without the usual intricate buildup of play that is Barcelona's trademark. Teammates look for him, even with long up-field passes that former coaches at the club, notably Pep Guardiola, didn't advocate.", u"Suarez got Barcelona's second goal against Juventus, breaking a second-half 1-1 deadlock, and came close to scoring more.", u'___', u'IVAN THE TERRIBLE:', u"The swansong of Xavi Hernandez, for so long the engine of Barcelona's midfield, could hardly have ended better. He lifted the big-eared trophy in his 151st, and last, Champions League appearance for the only club he has ever played for. The 35-year-old's next stop is Qatar, where a new club awaits. He came on a second-half substitute against Juventus, replacing Andres Iniesta.", u"But instead of a hole where Xavi once dominated, Barcelona now has Rakitic. The Croatian midfielder, bought from Seville in the offseason, has slotted in like hand in glove alongside Iniesta in Barcelona's midfield, bringing vigor that Xavi no longer has and developing an intuitive understanding with Messi and Co., despite not having come up through the Barcelona youth system like his famous teammates.", u"It was Rakitic who popped up in the Juventus box to decisively and confidently score Barcelona's opener after just 3 minutes and a handful of seconds.", u'___', u"MESSI STILL GOLDEN: Messi didn't score. He didn't even have a brilliant game. Even a four-time world player of the year can't be stellar every time. But Messi still finishes the season with 58 goals in 57 appearances, a ratio a whisker higher than a goal per game.", u"His giant contribution to Barcelona's triple haul of European Cup, Spanish league title and Spanish Cup should see Messi voted as Ballon d'Or again this year, in place of Cristiano Ronaldo.", u'___', u'AND JUVENTUS?', u'The loss leaves the Italian champion with an unwanted statistic: It is now the first team to suffer six European Cup final defeats.', u"That's not its only worry. Playing in the stadium where he won the 2006 World Cup with Italy, goalkeeper Buffon showed cat-like reflexes in keeping out a flurry of Barcelona shots. But at age 37, he is getting very long in the tooth for a club that will play Champions League again next season.", u"Andrea Pirlo, 36, will be a big pair of shoes to fill if this was the midfielder's last game for Juventus. Paul Pogba, at 22, could be the face of Juventus' future \u2014 but only if he isn't lured away from the club by even bigger, richer sides that covet the strength and talent he showed in bursts against Barcelona."]), ([u'Europeans Make World Cup Arrivals With Thrashings'], [u"OTTAWA \u2014  Top-ranked Germany announced their arrival at the Women's World Cup on Sunday by handing out a near-record 10-0 thrashing to Ivory Coast that underlined the gulf between the heavyweights and emerging teams.", u'For the first time, the World Cup has been expanded to 24 sides from 16, which opens up the tournament to newcomers like Thailand and Ivory Coast.', u"Governing body FIFA says this reflects the increasing strength of women's soccer but the debutantes learned on Sunday just how far behind they still are.", u"Germany's victory in their Group B opener, which featured hat-tricks from Celia Sasic and Anja Mittag, was the second biggest win in tournament history.", u'Norway earlier overwhelmed Thailand 4-0 in a one-sided triumph that should have been much bigger.', u'Ivory Coast had keeper Dominique Thiamale to thank for avoiding an even heavier defeat.', u'"We had judged them to be a better team than they were today ... I\'d never have thought we\'d win 10-0," said German coach Silvia Neid.', u"The biggest defeat in Women's World Cup history came in 2007, when Germany beat Argentina 11-0.", u'Ivory Coast coach Clementine Toure said her team had been somewhat taken aback by just how good the Germans were.', u'"We want to be a competitive side and playing the finest  team in the world is the best way for us to learn," she said.', u'A few hours before her players were humiliated, Norway had outmuscled Thailand, and only wasteful finishing prevented them from scoring many more.', u'"We\'ll play differently the next game ... we\'ve learned quite a bit," said rueful Thai coach Nuengrutai Srathongvian.', u'ARTIFICIAL TURF', u'Germany and Norway next play each other on June 11 in a game that will decide who wins the group.', u'"If you score 10 times I think you can be quite confident going into the next match," said Neid.', u'The World Cup is being played on artificial turf, which some players said was very dry despite being watered immediately before the game.', u'"It\'s not what we\'re used to, but we have to accept it," said German striker Mittag.', u'Other teams that could reach the July 5 final include the second-ranked United States, who start in Winnipeg on Monday against Australia, the number 10 side.', u'"If we can bring our \'A\' game that day, I\'m sure we\'re going to be a big rival to the U.S.", said Australian coach Alen Stajcic.', u"The teams are in Group D, the so-called 'Group of Death', which also features fifth-ranked Sweden and Nigeria.", u'There were only two games on Saturday and Sunday but starting on Monday, that will double. Japan, ranked fourth, open their Group C campaign against Switzerland in Vancouver while Ecuador meet Cameroon.', u'Hosts Canada kicked off the event on Saturday with a labored 1-0 win over China, courtesy of a late penalty call. The team looked particularly blunt in attack.', u'"They will need to find something more than what they showed here ... if they have larger ambitions," Globe and Mail soccer columnist Cathal Kelley wrote.', u'(Additional reporting by Steve Keating, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night.', u"Dodgers right fielder Yasiel Puig, playing his second game after missing 39 because of a strained left hamstring, committed a costly fielding error during the Cards' three-run rally after Matt Carpenter drew a leadoff walk from reliever Adam Liberatore.", u"Matt Holliday greeted Juan Nicasio (1-2) with a double down the right-field line and the ball got past Puig, allowing pinch-runner Peter Bourjos to score the tying run and Holliday to take third. Peralta, who leads St. Louis with 34 RBIs, followed with his clutch hit and scored on Mark Reynolds' one-out double to left-center.", u'Kevin Siegrist (3-0) pitched one inning for the victory, striking out the side in the seventh on 17 pitches. Trevor Rosenthal, the sixth Cardinals pitcher, threw a perfect ninth for his 19th save in 20 attempts.', u'Carpenter was back in the lineup less than 24 hours after taking a fastball to the right triceps from Clayton Kershaw in the first inning, forcing him out of the game three innings later.', u'The NL West-leading Dodgers, coming off a 2-0 victory Saturday night in which Kershaw held the Cardinals to one hit over eight innings, were 2-5 in their season series with the Redbirds \u2014 who eliminated them from the playoffs in each of the previous two years.', u"Dodgers right-hander Zack Greinke held the team with baseball's best record to six hits through 6 2/3 innings and struck out eight, giving up his only run in the sixth on Peralta's ninth homer. But the 2009 AL Cy Young Award winner remained winless in six starts \u2014 a frustrating stretch in which he's allowed just one run in five of them.", u'Cardinals right-hander Lance Lynn threw 98 pitches over five innings, allowing two runs and six hits while striking out five. He has yet to give up a home run in 31 career innings against the Dodgers, going 3-1 with a 4.35 ERA and 37 strikeouts in six starts.', u"Lynn, who was knocked out of a start at Dodger Stadium against Greinke last June because of a blister on his middle finger, got a visit from manager Mike Matheny and a trainer after the Dodgers opened the fifth with Greinke's second single of the game and a walk to Joc Pederson on the right-hander's 92nd pitch.", u'Lynn retired the next three batters on flyballs, using six more pitches before Mitch Harris took over to start the seventh.', u"Jimmy Rollins, who came to the plate in the Dodgers' sixth with just two RBIs in his previous 76 at-bats, was deprived of one by right fielder Jason Heyward \u2014 who charged his basehit and threw out Andre Ethier at the plate with the help of a lunging tag by Tony Cruz.", u"Puig singled with one out in the first and came all the way around on Turner's two-out double. Turner, starting in the cleanup spot for the third time in four games, made it 2-0 in the third with a two-out single that scored Greinke from second base after the pitcher led off the inning with his first hit.", u'UP NEXT', u'Cardinals: RHP John Lackey (4-3) goes into the opener of a three-game series at cozy Coors Field having allowed just two home runs in his last 68 1/3 innings, spanning 284 batters. He is 0-2 with a 4.66 ERA in five road starts this season.', u'Dodgers: RHP Mike Bolsinger (3-1) opposes former Dodger Rubby De La Rosa in the opener of a three-game set against the visiting Diamondbacks, who selected Bolsinger in the 15th round of the 2010 draft. The Dodgers purchased his contract from Arizona in November after he went 1 6 with a 5.47 ERA in nine starts as a rookie last season.']), ([u'Famed Indonesian Club Persipura Disband Because of Row'], [u"JAKARTA \u2014  Four-times Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura, one of the country's most famed clubs, has disbanded with owners blaming the government for the FIFA ban that has halted the sport in one of Asia's biggest markets.", u'"It is with great sadness that we dissolve the team," Persipura chairman Tommy Mano was quoted as saying by local media.', u'"The government must be held responsible."', u'World governing body FIFA banned Indonesia last month for government interference after the ministry demanded the local football association (PSSI) ban two clubs over questionable ownership.', u'The PSSI cancelled the Indonesian Super League season last month after the ministry banned the football body, who retained the backing of the clubs.', u"The PSSI's attempts to start a different competition were blocked by the government, who threatened teams with sanctions if they signed up.", u'"It was the government that froze the PSSI, and it\u2019s not us making trouble now," Mano said. "The minister should know better than to threaten us with sanctions. If anything, we\u2019ve respected the government this whole time."', u'Persipura won both of their league matches before the campaign was halted.', u"They were also through to the last 16 of the second-tier AFC Cup but their match against Pahang was cancelled at the final hour after the Malaysian side's four foreign players were denied entry into the country for the fixture. Pahang blamed the PSSI for the problems.", u'Last year Persipura became the first Indonesian side to make the semi-finals of the AFC Cup.', u'Mano said sponsors had grown tired of the inactivity but offered hope the club known as the Black Pearl, based in Papua, might reform if the row is resolved.', u'(Writing by Patrick Johnston in Singapore; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Netherlands Edge New Zealand in World Cup Debut'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage.", u"Playing in their fourth World Cup, New Zealand were again denied a maiden victory when Lieke Martens' 33rd minute curling strike from outside the area sailed past the outstretched arms of Erin Nayler.", u'"It was just one bit of brilliance from a player that we knew was capable of that, that made the difference," New Zealand coach Tony Readings told reporters.', u'"We challenged ourselves as a team that we had another couple of gears to go up. We played OK in the first half but OK isn\'t good enough in the World Cup.', u'"When we do up the ante and play to the pace we are capable of we can out-perform teams in this tournament.', u'"It\'s a good lesson for us."', u'Considered the tournament dark horse by many, New Zealand stormed through qualifying, outscoring opponents 30-0, but failed to test Dutch keeper Loes Geurts despite enjoying the better of the play.', u'Scoring goals has become a major problem for the Ferns who have now failed to find the back of net in their last four contests against Spain, United States, Japan and the Netherlands.', u'"We need to make our opportunities count because when you get to these tournaments it\'s not just about putting in a good performance it\'s about putting in a good performance and win games or take points," Readings added.', u'The win moved the Netherlands to the top of Group A alongside Canada who opened the tournament with a 1-0 win over China.', u'Next up for the Dutch are China while New Zealand will face Canada.', u'"We\'re very happy we could start this way," said Netherlands coach Roger Reijners. "Everyone was very excited to be here but we know what we want."', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'49ers Trade Andy Lee to Browns'], [u'The Browns have acquired the three-time Pro Bowl punter Andy Lee in a trade with the ', u'. Cleveland sent a late-round 2017 draft pick to the Niners for Lee, who made the Pro Bowl in the 2007, 2009 and 2011 seasons. His days were numbered when the Niners drafted Clemson punter Bradley Pinion.', u'\u25a0 A fantasy football-themed event in Las Vegas headlined by Tony Romo was called off after the N.F.L. reiterated a policy banning appearances associated with casinos. A league spokesman said the N.F.L. reminded the players association of the policy, with the National Fantasy Football Convention scheduled for next month. In a statement on the event\u2019s website, organizers said the cancellation was a \u201cresult of sudden and unexpected opposition\u201d by the N.F.L.']), ([u'Blake Relieved After Safe Return in 200 Meters'], [u"KINGSTON, June 6 \u2014  Olympic gold medalist Yohan Blake was relieved after making a safe return from injury with a 200 meters win in Kingston on Saturday at a warmup for Jamaica's national trials.", u'Running in his first competitive race since July 3, Blake posted a modest time of 21.57 seconds, stepping away from the local field in the second half of the race before easing off in the last 10 meters.', u'Blake, who owns the second fastest 200 (19.26 seconds) after world record holder and compatriot Usain Bolt (19.19), still harbors hope of getting in shape to qualify for the world championships in Beijing in August.', u'"I have to give God thanks I\u2019m back on the track, I was really nervous, but my agent (Cubie Seegobin) and coach (Glen Mills) told me to just go out there and have fun," Blake, a member of Jamaica\'s victorious 4x100m relay team at the London Olympics, told Reuters.', u'"And I don\'t feel bad as my foot is not bothering me anymore, so it\'s a really good blow-out for me in my first race back."', u'At his last meeting on July 3, the 2011 world champion pulled up injured, clutching his hamstring in the 100m at the Glasgow Grand Prix and underwent surgery days later in Germany.', u'"I felt a bit ceased-up but that\'s expected for my first run. I\'m going to run some more races now that my foot is alright," Blake added, noting he was not worried about time.', u'\u201cI just wanted to get that first run in the books and although the (head) wind was a bit heavy it was alright and I\u2019ll work from there."', u'Blake was still unclear whether he would have spots in both the 100m and 200m at the world championships.', u'\u201cI\u2019m going to run one more 200m next week and going into trials, I just want to do enough to secure an individual spot in the 100m or 200m,\u201d he said.', u'His coach Mills told Reuters Blake\u2019s first run was less about the time and more about breaking back into competitive mode.', u'\u201cI just wanted him to run and to see for himself that he\u2019s in a position where he can run a race and the whole idea is for him to get his confidence back and run himself into shape,\u201d he said.', u'\u201cHe needs a couple of races to gradually build himself up, because it\u2019s going to take time for him to get back to where he was as there is no magic button, he just has to take his time and work his way back up,\u201d added Mills, who also trains six-time Olympic gold medalist Bolt.', u'(This story was refiled to add dateline)', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Suzann Pettersen Leads at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'], [u'Suzann Pettersen took a one-stroke lead in the Manulife ', u' Classic in Cambridge, Ontario, making an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and finishing with a six-under 66. Mariajo Uribe was second after a 67.']), ([u'Lightning Hit Back to Level Stanley Cup Final'], [u'June 6 (Reuters) - Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse to beat visiting Chicago 4-3 and even the Stanley Cup Final at 1-1 on Saturday.', u'The Lightning, who let in two third-period goals in a 2-1 loss on Wednesday, did not panic this time after the Blackhawks leveled at 3-3.', u'Instead, Garrison capitalized on a power-play chance with 11:11 remaining, his shot rebounding off the skate of Chicago\u2019s Andrew Desjardins and fooling goaltender Corey Crawford.', u'\u201cWe were more aggressive tonight. In Game One we sat back a little bit,\u201d Tampa Bay center Tyler Johnson told reporters. \u201cWe played our style.', u'"It\u2019s a best-of-five series now. Chicago is a great team, it\u2019s going to be a battle.\u201d', u'The series moves to Chicago for Game Three on Monday.', u'The Blackhawks, who are seeking their third Stanley Cup title in six seasons, appeared set to take a 2-0 series lead home when they struck for two quick scores in the second period to erase a 1-0 deficit.', u'Andrew Shaw netted the first before 20-year-old Teuvo Teravainen had his second goal of the series to put the visitors ahead 2-1.', u'Tampa Bay fought back in an action-packed second period with Nikita Kucherov and Tyler Johnson each beating Crawford to grab a 3-2 lead.', u'Johnson had not scored in five games for the Lightning but broke out of his slump with his 13th goal of the post-season to set a Tampa Bay record.', u'Brent Seabrook made it 3-3 for the Blackhawks in the third on a shot that saw Chicago\u2019s Marian Hossa shielding goaltender Ben Bishop, drawing complaints from Tampa Bay.', u'The winning goal was set up by a high-sticking penalty from Chicago\u2019s Patrick Sharp who had just come out of the penalty box for a slashing call.', u'"I don\'t think I\'ve ever done that before, but it happened," Sharp said. "We\'ll move on from it. I take responsibility and apologize to our penalty-killers for putting them under such stress."', u'The Blackhawks pushed hard for another equalizer, but this time Tampa Bay killed off a power play and survived an extra Chicago attack in the final minutes.', u'Backup Lightning goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy ensured the victory by saving all five shots he faced after replacing starter Ben Bishop late in the third.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Alex Noren Leads Nordea Masters by 2'], [u'Alex Noren shot a five-under-par 67 to take a two-shot lead in the third round of the Nordea Masters in Malmo, Sweden. Noren birdied four of his first five holes.']), ([u'Mets\u2019 Dillon Gee Unhappy With Move Back to the Bullpen'], [u'PHOENIX \u2014  When Dillon Gee arrived at Chase Field on Saturday, ', u' Manager ', u' summoned him to his office to apologize. Gee was not entirely sure why. The apology could have been for the frequent trade rumors, or the shifting of Gee between the bullpen and the rotation, or the general sense from the Mets that he was unwanted.', u'This time, Collins was apologizing because he was moving Gee back to the bullpen. Collins had decided to use a six-man rotation as a way to curb the younger pitchers\u2019 innings, but now he was abandoning the strategy after less than a week. Gee, instead of reacting with anger or confusion or frustration, mostly just felt numb.', u'\u201cI\u2019m almost at the point now where I just don\u2019t even care anymore,\u201d Gee said. \u201cI mean, I\u2019m kind of just over it all. I\u2019ll do the best I can out of the pen now.\u201d', u'Gee had plenty of time to sort out his emotions in the bullpen as he watched the Mets lose to the ', u', 2-1.', u'This latest slight could have been avoided, perhaps, if the Mets had been more deliberate in their planning. Collins said he had decided to scrap the six-man rotation when he met with the pitching coach Dan Warthen, saw that the Mets had four days off in the next five weeks, and realized that the schedule would cause some starters to have too much rest. The comment indicated that Collins had not thought that far ahead when he announced the rotation.', u'During his meeting with Collins, Gee expressed concern that moving around so often had affected his performance. He also felt that being in the bullpen destroyed his value \u2014 both to the team and as a possible trade chip.', u'\u201cI kind of felt like any value, if I had any at all before this, it\u2019s probably gone,\u201d Gee said during an interview with reporters.', u'When the Mets switched to the six-man rotation, none of the starters seemed too pleased. It disrupted routines and was meant to benefit only three of the pitchers, the ones with inning limits: Matt Harvey, Jacob deGrom and Noah Syndergaard.', u'None of starters spoke out strongly in favor of or against it. But they seemed hesitant to discuss it in interviews, and the extra days off became an easy excuse when they pitched poorly. Harvey, in particular, seemed not as sharp at times.', u'Still, a league source said that neither Harvey nor his agent, Scott Boras, had approached the Mets\u2019 upper management with concerns about the six-man rotation.', u'In a phone interview Saturday, Boras indicated that the Mets were generally keeping him informed. Over the winter and during spring training, Boras spoke at length with General Manager Sandy Alderson about the Mets\u2019 plan for handling Harvey, who was coming off Tommy John surgery. According to Boras, most doctors recommend that a pitcher throw only 160 to 170 innings in his first year back from the operation.', u'\u201cHow the team does that,\u201d Boras said, \u201cwe leave that to them.\u201d', u'Harvey has thrown 732/3 innings in 11 starts. If he continues at that pace and the Mets adhere to Boras\u2019s numbers, Harvey will make only about 15 more starts. But the Mets have also indicated that Harvey could throw closer to 200 innings.', u'Either way, Collins said his goal was to not shut down any pitchers this season. But that will require some maneuvering as the season goes on, maybe capping the number of innings per start or even skipping a start.', u'\u201cWe all just said, basically, \u2018Look, we\u2019ll worry about August when August comes,\u2019\xa0\u201d Collins said. \u201cIf we have to back somebody up or skip them sometime, we can do that.\u201d', u'Gee could also be used as a spot starter to give everyone an extra day of rest here and there. Until then, Gee plans on quizzing his fellow relievers on his new role. He has to learn a new routine: when to lift weights, when to throw, how to warm up.', u'During spring training, Gee was starting to adapt to his role in the bullpen, but then Zack Wheeler was injured. That began Gee\u2019s path from the rotation to the disabled list to ultimately being supplanted by a prospect, Syndergaard. All the while, Gee remained respectful of the Mets, and when Collins moved him again, he simply nodded like the \u201ctrouper, the good soldier that he is,\u201d Collins said.', u'Later, Gee was asked if he would have preferred being traded. \u201cI mean, I don\u2019t know,\u201d he said. \u201cI\u2019m not a G.M., so I don\u2019t know. I mean \u2014 I don\u2019t know. I\u2019m done trying to figure out this whole situation.\u201d', u'INSIDE PITCH', u'DILLON GEE was available to pitch Saturday night, but TERRY COLLINS decided against using him. ', u' lasted seven innings and pitched brilliantly for six of them, holding the Diamondbacks scoreless. But in the seventh, Colon let a slow fastball drift over the plate, and WELINGTON CASTILLO crushed it for a two-run homer. The Mets\u2019 offense did Colon no favors, scoring one run and stranding eight runners.']), ([u'Golden Horn Wins English Derby at Epsom'], [u'Golden Horn, with Frankie Dettori aboard, won the 236th English Derby in Epsom, England, by three and a half lengths in Britain\u2019s biggest flat race. Golden Horn, the 13-8 favorite, made his move in the last furlong of the one-and-a-half-mile classic, which was first run in 1780.']), ([u'Bryan Brothers Fall in French Open Doubles Final'], [u'Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging the two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan, 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 7-5, in the ', u' doubles final on Saturday in Paris. It was the Dodig and Melo team\u2019s eighth match against the Bryans, a rivalry that started in 2012, and their third win. The Bryans beat them in the final at Wimbledon in 2013. The Bryan twins were going after their 17th major title.']), ([u'New York City F.C. Prevails Against Philadelphia'], [u'Patrick Mullins scored in the 87th minute to lift New York City F.C. past the host Philadelphia Union, 2-1, in the teams\u2019 third and final meeting.', u'Mullins followed Jeb Brovsky\u2019s throw-in as it rolled into the 18-yard box, shielding defenders to line up his shot. His left-footed strike deflected off the back of defender Richie Marquez\u2019s leg and skirted inside the right post.', u'C. J. Sapong opened the scoring in the 46th minute for the Union (4-9-3), converting Sebastien Le Toux\u2019s corner kick with a right-footed shot from the center of the box. It was Sapong\u2019s third goal in four games.', u'Thomas McNamara tied it for N.Y.C.F.C. (2-7-5) in the 53rd minute with a long-distance rocket into the upper right corner of the goal for his first goal of the season.']), ([u'Penalty Kick Lifts Canada in World Cup Opener Against China'], [u'Christine Sinclair converted a penalty kick in the second minute of second-half stoppage time, giving host Canada a 1-0 victory over China on Saturday in the opening match of the Women\u2019s World Cup in Edmonton, Alberta.', u'Canada was awarded the penalty by the Ukrainian referee Natalia Rachynska after Adriana Leon was fouled by Rong Zhao. The sellout crowd of 53,058 at Commonwealth Stadium, the largest for a national team sporting event in Canada, roared when Sinclair\u2019s shot sailed past goalkeeper Wang Fei.', u'\u201cThe first thing that went through my head was I\u2019m taking this. I\u2019ve been practicing my whole life for that moment,\u201d Sinclair said. \u201cThe next thing through my head was, Man, the fans are very loud right now.\u201d', u'The event began with FIFA, soccer\u2019s international governing body, plagued by scandal. Sepp Blatter announced his resignation as FIFA\u2019s president earlier last week after the United States Justice Department indicted 14 people on corruption charges related to soccer.', u'Sinclair\u2019s goal erased a frustrating match for Canada, which outshot China by 14-5.', u'After the gala opening ceremony that included performances by the Canadians Sarah McLachlan and Tegan and Sara, China came closer to scoring with a first-half free kick that bounced off both posts.', u'It was the first match of a monthlong tournament that will be played across six Canadian cities. The United States opens Monday against Australia, and the final is set for July 5.', u'The pressure is on Canada, ranked eighth in the world and making its sixth World Cup appearance. Canada\u2019s best finish was fourth in 2003, and the Canadians were 0-3 at the 2011 tournament in Germany.', u'Canada has been on the rise in recent years under Coach John Herdman and has also seen increased support by the government in advance of the World Cup. The team had a surprising bronze-medal finish at the 2012 London Olympics.', u'Sixteenth-ranked China is returning to the expanded 24-nation World Cup after missing out in 2011, when the field was 16 teams. China\u2019s best World Cup finish was second in 1999, when the team, known as the Steel Roses, fell to the United States in the final at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, Calif.', u'Sinclair had a chance in the eighth minute Saturday, but her strike sailed just wide and past the outstretched arms of China\u2019s goalkeeper.', u'Gu Yasha threatened Canada\u2019s goalkeeper, Erin McLeod, who came far off her line to stop the attack in the 18th minute. Wang Lisi\u2019s remarkable free kick for China just minutes later bounced between both posts \u2014 but never made it into the goal.', u'Sinclair had a few chances late in the match, including a shot off a pass from Sophie Schmidt that was scooped up by Wang Fei.', u'Top-ranked Germany is among the favorites along with the second-ranked Americans and No. 3 France. Japan is the defending World Cup champion after beating the United States on penalty kicks in the 2011 final.', u' Lieke Martens\u2019s long strike from outside the box in the first half gave the Netherlands its first World Cup goal in a victory over New Zealand in Edmonton.', u'Martens curled the ball up and over the outstretched arms of New Zealand\u2019s goalkeeper, Erin Nayler, in the 33rd minute.', u'The Netherlands is one of eight teams making their debuts in the World Cup.']), ([u'Lewis Hamilton Wins Pole in Canadian Grand Prix'], [u'Lewis Hamilton, the reigning ', u' champion, took the pole for the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal, his fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. A three-time Canadian Grand Prix champion, Hamilton posted a fastest lap of 1 minute 14.393 seconds in qualifying over the 2.71-mile Circuit Gilles Villeneuve.']), ([u'Fan Expected to Survive Injury From Shattered Bat at Fenway'], [u'A woman who was struck in the head by a broken bat at Fenway Park on Friday night was in serious condition Saturday at a hospital in Boston, her family said in a statement.', u'The woman, Tonya Carpenter, was expected to survive, ', u', citing the Boston police. The police said Friday that Ms. Carpenter\u2019s injuries were life-threatening. She was being treated at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.', u'\u201cTonya\u2019s family and loved ones are grateful to all who have reached out with thoughts and prayers but are requesting privacy at this time as Tonya recovers,\u201d the family\u2019s statement said.', u'In the top of the second inning of a game between the ', u' and the Oakland Athletics at Fenway Park, Brett Lawrie of the A\u2019s shattered his bat hitting a ground ball. A large chunk of the bat flew toward the stands on the third-base side and struck Ms. Carpenter, who was in the second row with her son, in the head.', u'\u201cIt sailed, and it flew at her with a speed that I can\u2019t describe,\u201d said Gabriella Kostrzewa, who was sitting one section away from Ms. Carpenter.', u'\u201cThere was zero time to react,\u201d Ms. Kostrzewa added.', u'Immediately, Ms. Kostrzewa said, fans around Ms. Carpenter went to her aid. One man volunteered his shirt to help stanch the bleeding, and other fans offered their scarves as tourniquets, she said. Medical personnel arrived about four minutes later.', u'In a statement, Major League Baseball said: \u201cWe have the utmost concern for the victim of this terribly unfortunate incident. We will continue to keep her and her family in our thoughts and prayers.\u201d']), ([u'Angels\u2019 Starter Is Out Early, and the Yankees Cruise'], [u'As ', u' Manager Mike Scioscia made a premature stroll out to the mound Saturday night, Garrett Richards could not look. He kept his neck craned and stared toward the video board in center field, where some ghastly first-inning numbers were being displayed for all to see: six runs and five hits allowed, and only two outs.', u'Scioscia did not wait to determine if Richards could complete his opening inning against the red-hot ', u', and Richards did not dawdle in his humiliating retreat to the dugout. He had a 3.26 earned run average coming into the game, and about 20 minutes later, it was eclipsing 4.00, the result of an auspicious offensive showing from a lineup that appears to be beginning to stretch its legs.', u'The six-run first inning gave the Yankees room to breathe as they coasted to an 8-2 victory at Yankee Stadium, the team\u2019s fifth win in a row.', u'It was the first time since 2011 that the Yankees had forced a starting pitcher out of the game in the first inning. Given that Richards had held opposing hitters to a .205 batting average since the start of last season, he was an unlikely candidate to be victimized in that manner.', u'But two walks and a single loaded the bases with nobody out in the first inning before Mark Teixeira drove in the first run, with a sacrifice fly. A second run scored after Richards threw a wild pitch. Then Brian McCann hit a two-run homer, giving the Yankees four runs before an out was recorded.', u'The hits kept coming. Carlos Beltran and Didi Gregorius singled. Stephen Drew reached on a fielder\u2019s choice to load the bases. Brett Gardner, the Yankees\u2019 leadoff batter, drove in two more runs on the team\u2019s fifth hit of the inning.', u'\u201cOur offense is capable of being potent,\u201d Manager Joe Girardi said, \u201ceven against the best pitchers.\u201d', u'While the Yankees continue to wait for their top-of-the-order sparkplug, Jacoby Ellsbury, to return from a sprained knee, the lineup has started to fulfill its potential, finally receiving vital contributions from the bottom of the order. Drew, who is still batting well below .200, hit two home runs Friday. And Beltran returned to the lineup after missing the previous two games and had two hits, raising his average to .313 since May 8.', u'The production from hitters in the middle of the order, namely Teixeira and Alex Rodriguez, has yet to wane. Rodriguez reached base four times Saturday after collecting four hits Friday night. He is nine hits from becoming the 29th major league player to reach 3,000 for his career.', u'McCann, wearing a new pair of orthotics in his shoes after foot pain caused him to pull himself from Wednesday\u2019s game, has now hit five home runs with 10 runs batted in since May 25.', u'While the Yankees piled on runs, their starter, Adam Warren, waited in the dugout as his arm cooled, and he fought the natural tendency to relax and lose focus when given a big lead. He did so admirably, allowing two runs and four hits in six and two-thirds innings.', u'Warren, who pitched mainly in the bullpen the previous two seasons, has found his groove as a starter, allowing 10 runs over his last five starts and stretching into the seventh inning in all five.', u'\u201cI feel more comfortable going deeper into the game,\u201d Warren said. \u201cEarly on, the game seemed so much longer to me. Now I feel a lot more comfortable pitching in the fifth or sixth inning.\u201d', u'Pitching with the big lead, he glided through the first three innings, needing 36 pitches to retire the first nine hitters in order. The Angels loaded the bases in the fourth, but Warren induced a 6-4-3 double play to erase the threat.', u'Warren (4-4) escaped further trouble in the fifth, surrendering a sacrifice fly but no further damage after allowing the first two batters to reach base.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s had to make some adjustments,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cHe was used to maybe going through the lineup once for the last two years. But he\u2019s figured it out.\u201d', u'With that, Warren has become one of the team\u2019s most dependable starters.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s important when you can share everything, in a sense,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cYou don\u2019t have to rely on one or two starters. Everybody can contribute. And that\u2019s what we\u2019re getting.\u201d', u'INSIDE PITCH', u'Joe Girardi sounded reluctant to add a sixth pitcher to the Yankees\u2019 rotation despite the team\u2019s desire to give Michael Pineda additional rest over the coming weeks. Girardi said it was not something he would prefer doing unless Major League Baseball expanded rosters to 26 players. \u201cIf they add a person to the roster, now it\u2019s more than feasible,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cBut you have to do that.\u201d']), ([u'Madison Bumgarner Concedes Grand Slam, but Giants Hold On'], [u'Madison Bumgarner struck out 11 and overcame a grand slam by Jeff Francoeur on Saturday as the ', u' beat the ', u', 7-5, in Philadelphia.', u'Bumgarner (7-2) gave up six hits, including a solo homer by Andres Blanco, and walked none in eight innings.', u'Bumgarner hit two singles and drove in a run as the Giants posted their fifth straight road win.', u' Jose Reyes stole three bases and had two hits as Toronto won its season-high fourth in a row, handing Houston its third straight loss, matching its longest skid of the year.', u'Reyes scored a run, drove in one and also walked.', u' Carlos Gomez went 4 for 4 with a walk, tormenting his former team again with three runs batted in over the last three innings, to lift Milwaukee to a victory at Minnesota.', u'Matt Garza (4-7) threw seven strong innings and Ryan Braun homered for the first time in 12 days.', u' Wandy Rodriguez pitched seven strong innings and Texas won at Kansas City for its seventh win in eight games.', u'Texas has won six straight series for the first time since 2012. The Royals have lost nine of 11.', u' Jason Hammel extended his mastery over Washington to an 11th impressive start, and Dexter Fowler had two hits and scored twice, leading Chicago to a victory over the host Nationals.', u'Hammel (5-2) improved to 9-0 with a 3.01 E.R.A. in 11 starts against the Nationals.', u' Danny Salazar pitched impressively into the eighth inning to reach a career high in wins and Carlos Santana had a tiebreaking double as Cleveland beat visiting Baltimore.', u'Salazar (6-1) struck out 10 and allowed six hits and a run in seven-plus innings.', u' Yonder Alonso\u2019s second career grand slam pulled San Diego even in the seventh inning, and Matt Kemp singled with the bases loaded in the eighth, completing the Padres\u2019 biggest comeback of the season for a victory at Cincinnati.', u'Alonso\u2019s homer off Tony Cingrani tied it, 7-7, and completed a comeback from a 6-1 deficit.', u' Joe Kelly pitched six solid innings to earn his first win since his initial start of the season, Hanley Ramirez hit a two-run homer and Boston beat visiting Oakland.', u'Kelly (2-4) gave up one run and four hits, striking out six and walking two to break a stretch of nine starts without a win.', u' Wilin Rosario homered twice and Carlos Gonzalez hit a three-run shot to back the solid pitching of Chris Rusin, and Colorado shrugged off another rain delay at Coors Field to beat Miami.', u'In the fourth, Rosario and Gonzalez hit the first back-to-back home runs by the Rockies this season.', u' Christian Bethancourt lined Vance Worley\u2019s first pitch in the ninth inning over the right-field wall for his first career homer, lifting Atlanta to a win over visiting Pittsburgh.', u' David Price struck out 11 in a five-hitter, Miguel Cabrera homered and Detroit ended an eight-game losing streak, winning at Chicago.']), ([u'Lightning Pull Even With Blackhawks in Back-and-Forth Game'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  The ', u'\u2019s lack of experience had already been baked into the Stanley Cup finals, a ready-made reason for them to acquit themselves well but ultimately lose to the ', u'.', u'The Lightning had stood their ground in the debate, suggesting that the only way to gain valuable experience was to play in pressure-packed situations like the one they faced Saturday night in Game 2 at Amalie Arena.', u'The Lightning stood their ground on the ice, too, responding to an opening loss with an electric 4-3 victory that should dispel any notions that they cannot handle the Blackhawks\u2019 best.', u'And the Lightning prevailed with a few lessons of their own in tenacity, particularly after goalie Ben Bishop mysteriously went to the bench and was replaced by his backup, Andrei Vasilevskiy, who was thrust into protecting a one-goal lead for the final 9 minutes 13 seconds.', u'Defenseman Jason Garrison had scored the go-ahead goal on a shot that meandered through several players and past goalie Corey Crawford at 8:49 of the third period. From there, Vasilevskiy held off a furious Blackhawks attack, stopping five shots, as Tampa Bay evened the series at one game apiece heading to Game 3 on Monday night in Chicago.', u'Lightning Coach Jon Cooper would not address whether Bishop, who left after making 21 saves, was injured or sick.', u'\u201cI won\u2019t answer a question about the goaltending and what happened tonight. I apologize for that,\u201d Cooper said.', u'\u201cI know we have two unbelievably capable goaltenders,\u201d Cooper said. \u201cWhen Bish had to leave, there wasn\u2019t an ounce of stress on anybody on our bench, including myself. I mean, the kid proved it when he went in. He was great.\u201d', u'Even though they lost home-ice advantage, the Lightning regained some magic from their high-scoring Triplets line. Tyler Johnson scored his league-leading 13th goal of these playoffs and Nikita Kucherov notched his 10th, both coming in the second period as Tampa Bay regained the lead at 3-2. Kucherov and Garrison also had assists.', u'\u201cWe were a lot more aggressive today,\u201d Johnson said. \u201cI thought Game 1 we were a little bit hesitant making plays. That kind of added on not being able to execute.\u201d', u'Brent Seabrook tied the score, 3-3, at 3:38 of the third, taking a pass from Jonathan Toews and blasting a shot from the slot past Bishop. The Blackhawks had a brief moment of anxiety, though, as referees huddled and reviewed the goal after it appeared Marian Hossa had interfered with Bishop.', u'\u201cThis team, we\u2019re learning the Stanley Cup playoffs on the job,\u201d Cooper said. \u201cI think what happened to us the other night was a lesson learned. It\u2019s the first time that it happened to us in the playoffs. So what are we going to do about that?\u201d', u'Both teams had tried to claim some sort of motivational high ground heading into Saturday night. The Blackhawks did not even try to disguise their mind-set, flatly declaring that they wanted to notch two road victories as though this represented a Game 7.', u'The Blackhawks\u2019 play was buoyed, too, by large pockets of Chicago fans muting the home crowd with chants of \u201cLet\u2019s Go, Hawks!\u201d', u'\u201cIt\u2019s been very businesslike the last couple days,\u201d said Blackhawks Coach Joel Quenneville before the game.', u'He added that the team was not satisfied: \u201cThat consistency of getting off to a big start is what we\u2019re looking for.\u201d', u'The Lightning wanted to tie the series before having to play at Chicago\u2019s boisterous United Center. Cooper had already been grilled about why his team was not playing better at Amalie Arena during the playoffs. The Lightning had the N.H.L.\u2019s best home record during the regular season, but they had lost three games in a row here, including two to the Rangers in the Eastern Conference finals.', u'Cooper pointed out how successful the Lightning had been on the road, a record of 7-3 that included beating the Rangers three times at Madison Square Garden.', u'\u201cTo be honest, I don\u2019t care how they come out,\u201d he had said of the Blackhawks before the game. \u201cI\u2019m worried about how we come out.\u201d', u'Both coaches got their wish. Game 2 was played at full throttle from the start with ferocious forechecks and probing for the slightest mistake in the offensive zone. Johnson broke to the net early, took a pass and clanked a shot off the post; Brandon Saad countered for the Blackhawks with a semi-breakaway down the right wing, blistering a wrist shot that Bishop fought off with his leg pad.', u'A quick one-note blast of the horn seemed to signify that the Lightning had scored first, but it turned out to be a premature celebration. The puck had taken a carom off a point-blank shot by Alex Killorn and appeared headed into the net, but the horn was quickly muted as play continued.', u'\u201cThey came in waves of pressure,\u201d Garrison said. \u201cI think the speed of the game tonight was much quicker than the first game. They\u2019re going to get their chances. They\u2019re most likely going to score goals. It\u2019s how you respond after you get scored on, or after you score a goal.\u201d', u'The Lightning did take the early lead, though, when Cedric Paquette at 12:56 of the first gathered a loose puck, neatly slid past Saad and fired a shot through traffic that beat Crawford low to his right side. The Blackhawks responded with a goal by Andrew Shaw at 3:04 of the second. He pounced on a rebound that was trickling through the crease behind Bishop.', u'From there, the Lightning kept firing and absorbing every bit of experience they could to tie this series.']), ([u'Barcelona Overwhelms Juventus to Win Fifth Champions League Title'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  It is not discussed often, but there is a deep and rich tradition of manager celebrations in high-level soccer, a veritable catalog of sideline revelry. On various occasions \u2014 and with varying degrees of dignity \u2014 men in suits have danced a jig, pretended to use a lasso and hydroplaned on their knees as if their coaching box had morphed into a water ride. Just a few months ago, one man in charge even ripped his trousers in a particularly robust fit of exuberant histrionics.', u'Late Saturday, then, Luis Enrique, ', u'\u2019s first-year manager, happily wrote his name alongside Jos\xe9 Mourinho (the slide) and Pep Guardiola (the pants). Shortly after watching one of his top forwards, Luis Su\xe1rez, score what would turn out to be the decisive goal of the Champions League final, Luis Enrique, a Spaniard with a generally measured temperament, took off on a dead sprint while wildly waving his arms in a manner that suggested they had suddenly been attached to a pair of electric fans.', u'Perhaps someday there will be a name attached to Luis Enrique\u2019s machinations \u2014 the Windmill? \u2014 but, for this evening, the sight was enough. Luis Enrique\u2019s merriment was the start to a Spanish party that continued long into the night as Barcelona won its fifth European championship, and fourth in 10 years, with a 3-1 victory over ', u' at the Olympiastadion.', u'Fittingly enough, Su\xe1rez and Neymar, two of Barcelona\u2019s superstar scoring trio, scored in the final, while Lionel Messi, who may be the brightest of the group, played a role in both goals. The three attackers, who some have referred to as a trident, combined for 122 goals this season, powering Barcelona to a so-called treble: La Blaugrana previously won the Spanish league and cup titles before claiming the Champions League, too. Barcelona last won all three titles in 2008-9, and it is the only club to have claimed trebles in different seasons.', u'\u201cThese players have shown that they do not get tired of winning,\u201d Luis Enrique said.', u'For Juventus, the Italian champion, the defeat was a disappointing finish to a season that also produced league and cup trophies. Massimiliano Allegri, Juventus\u2019s manager, made no secret of his delight at the Old Lady, as Juventus is known, simply making the final; he said his dream before the season had been to reach the quarterfinals. Once it was in the title match, however, Allegri \u2014 and Juventus fans \u2014 could not help dreaming of pulling off the upset.', u'The Juventus players, particularly the goalkeeper and captain Gianluigi Buffon, were certainly game. Buffon did his best to stem the inevitable Barcelona onslaught (he made five saves), but Juventus wilted where so many of Barcelona\u2019s opponents this season did: on defense.', u'\u201cThere were the chances to equalize, but Barcelona have three amazing players in attack,\u201d Allegri said. \u201cYou have to take your opportunities.\u201d', u'For most soccer fans, the match was a welcome reprieve from the controversy that has enveloped the sport since the Swiss police, working in concert with United States law enforcement officials, executed a dawn raid at a Zurich hotel late last month. The police sweep, which came just before FIFA\u2019s annual meeting, resulted in several high-ranking FIFA executives\u2019 being arrested and set for extradition on various corruption charges.', u'The aftermath of those arrests, which were part of a U.S. Department of Justice investigation, has included a bevy of other unsavory revelations regarding FIFA. Details about allegedly improper payments, descriptions of World Cup bid bribes and, just a few days ago, the disclosure that FIFA essentially paid Ireland\u2019s soccer federation to drop a protest involving a referee\u2019s decision have repeatedly covered global soccer in scandal.', u'A number of top officials have been implicated in the various inquiries and Sepp Blatter, the longtime president of FIFA, announced his resignation last Tuesday despite having been re-elected to a fifth term less than a week earlier.', u'As is often the case in sports, however, the fans arriving at the Olympiastadion seemed more than happy to get back to the game itself. The German national team does not have an official home stadium, but that venerable building has a remarkable history that ranges from its use as a Nazi propaganda vehicle (Adolf Hitler opened the 1936 Olympics there) to its staging of the 2006 World Cup final.', u'That match, which most fans remember for the French star Zinedine Zidane\u2019s infamous head-butt on Italy\u2019s Marco Materazzi, was won by the Italians in a penalty shootout. Buffon was in goal for Italy that day, and before Saturday\u2019s game, he said he had been hoping to recreate a similar emotional high.', u'Instead, he stood with his teammates and watched as Barcelona\u2019s players received their winners\u2019 medals yet again. There was no disputing which team was superior: From the fourth minute, when Ivan Rakitic finished off a dizzying passing sequence that included Messi\u2019s cross-field lofted ball, to the 68th, when Su\xe1rez lashed home a rebound from Messi\u2019s laser, the Catalans were always favored.', u'Andr\xe9s Iniesta, who earned man of the match honors with an authoritative performance in the midfield, said: \u201cI\u2019m lost for words. I can\u2019t begin to express how proud we are to belong to this club.\u201d', u'\xc1lvaro Morata did give Juventus hope \u2014 and the game some energy \u2014 with his goal just before the hour, but Neymar\u2019s sharp finish deep into stoppage time was the final kick of the match and, in many ways, was the perfect coda to a season that has been largely about where, exactly, Barcelona\u2019s scorers fit into the annals of soccer history.', u'Many have debated whether Messi, Su\xe1rez and Neymar should be held above, say, Ruud Gullit and Marco van Basten, who starred for A.C. Milan in the late 1980s, but on Saturday, understandably, the focus was more on the moment.', u'\u201cActually, the season isn\u2019t over yet,\u201d Luis Enrique said shortly after the final whistle. \u201cThere\u2019s a long night ahead and, tomorrow, the parade.\u201d']), ([u'Irving Mondschein, Decathlete, Coach and Track Patriarch, Dies at 91'], [u'Irving Mondschein, a national champion in the decathlon and high jump in the 1940s, a college and Olympic coach and the patriarch of three generations of track and field stars, died on Friday in Hershey, Pa. He was 91.', u'His family announced his death.', u'Moon Mondschein, as he was known \u2014 his surname means moonlight in German \u2014 excelled in track and field\u2019s supreme test, the 10 events of the decathlon. He won the National Amateur Athletic Union decathlon championship in 1944, \u201946 and \u201947 and was runner-up at the 1948 and \u201949 nationals to Bob Mathias, a two-time Olympic decathlon champion.', u'Competing in track and field for New York University while also an outstanding end on its football team, Mondschein won the N.C.A.A. high-jump championship in 1947 and tied for the title with Dike Eddleman of the University of Illinois in 1948, both clearing 6 feet 7 inches.', u'Mondschein was considered a leading contender for the decathlon gold medal at the 1948 London Olympics, but he finished in eighth place. Mathias, who was 17 years old, won the event.', u'Mondschein coached the United States track and field team that competed in Israel at the 1950 Maccabiah Games, the Jewish Olympics. He then tutored Israeli track and field athletes in preparation for the 1952 Helsinki Olympics, using a combination of English and Yiddish, and becoming their head coach.', u'Mondschein, whose father, Max, and mother, Yetta, were Jewish immigrants from Eastern Europe, recalled how \u201cto be in that place at that time and what it meant for Israel was thrilling.\u201d', u'\u201cMy chest must have swelled five inches as we marched into the stadium with the Israeli flag,\u201d he once told the sportswriter Stan Isaacs for the website ', u'. \u201cI think my father was more proud of me about that than anything else I achieved.\u201d', u'Mondschein was a longtime assistant and head coach at Penn and an assistant coach for the United States Olympic team at the 1988 Seoul Games. He coached in high school as well and was inducted into the U.S. Track and Field & Cross-Country Coaches Hall of Fame in 2007. Penn named its new track and field throwing venue for Mondschein in 2014.', u'His son Brian was an all-American in the decathlon at the University of Washington. His other son, Mark, was a Pennsylvania high school champion in the pole vault. Mark\u2019s son Brian was an all-American at Virginia Tech as a pole-vaulter.', u'Bob Phillips, the Virginia Tech pole-vault coach, told The Roanoke Times in 2004 that \u201chis family is kind of like track royalty.\u201d', u'Irving Mondschein was born in Brooklyn on Feb. 7, 1924. He was an outstanding track and field athlete at Boys (now Boys and Girls) High School, then attended New York University for one year before entering the Army.', u'He won the 1944 A.A.U. decathlon while stationed in Brooklyn, then won two more titles after being discharged from military service.', u'He finished third in the balloting for the 1947 Sullivan Award as America\u2019s most outstanding amateur athlete, behind the rower John B. Kelly Jr. and the hurdler Harrison Dillard.', u'At 6 feet 2 inches and 200 pounds or so, Mondschein played offensive and defensive end, and sometimes running back, at N.Y.U. for three seasons and was an all-East selection.', u'He was an assistant and then head track and field coach for Penn from the mid-1960s to 1987. He was a head coach at Lincoln University and an assistant at Villanova, LaSalle and Kutztown University when his son Brian was the head coach there.', u'He was a volunteer coach at Haverford College into his late 80s. His son Brian is now assistant coach of the women\u2019s track and field team at Princeton.', u'Mondschein and his wife, Momoe, who survives him, lived in Havertown, Pa., until two years ago, when they moved to an assisted-living center in Hershey.', u'In addition to his wife, his sons Brian and Mark, his grandson Brian and another grandson, Stephen, he is survived by a daughter, Ilana Mondschein; a sister, Roslyn Lampert; and a great-grandchild.', u'Mondschein\u2019s specialty in the decathlon provided a supreme challenge. Played out over two days, the decathlon comprises sprints and runs, hurdling, high-jumping and broad-jumping, pole-vaulting and throwing the shot put, discus and javelin. The Olympic gold medalist in the decathlon is often considered \u201cthe world\u2019s greatest athlete.\u201d', u'Mondschein tried to steer his grandson Brian toward the decathlon, to no avail.', u'\u201cHe\u2019d be a hell of a decathlete, but he\u2019s goofy about the pole vault,\u201d Mondschein once said.', u'Mondschein\u2019s pride in his family\u2019s devotion to track and field stood out. \u201cIt\u2019s very unique, to have three generations in the sport like we do,\u201d he said. \u201cWe\u2019re all track junkies.\u201d']), ([u'Kyrie Irving Is the Latest Casualty in a High-Stakes Game'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014 The kid had all the moves and a clever dribble. He was lightning quick to the seams of the defense. You could see his cockiness and conviction in the way he carried himself against older boys with more developed bodies. Yes, that kid, Kyrie Irving, was going places.', u'But he was just a 15-year-old sophomore, not yet 6 feet tall, and skinny enough to hide behind a lamp post. Who could possibly have known that within four years he would be going to the N.B.A. to compete against grown men?', u'This was in early 2008, Irving putting on a show in a high school gymnasium in Montclair, N.J. That night he was on the losing side, the local private school, which was playing against the crosstown public. He was also, by far, the best player.', u'By his junior year, Irving was at one of those parochial high schools with a national ranking, prepping for his one-and-done season at Duke before the ', u' anointed him the No. 1 pick of the 2011 ', u'.', u'Irving was soon the best thing to see on a bad team while missing 65 games over his first three seasons. He had gained entry into a growing club and had also become part of a league conundrum and a vexing case study.', u'Now more than ever, the basketball world wants to know: Is the N.B.A. breaking its young?', u'\u201cI\u2019ve had that conversation with my friends, and I don\u2019t have the answers,\u201d Luke Walton, a Golden State Warriors assistant coach, said Saturday, less than 24 hours after Irving was declared out of the league finals with a fractured left kneecap that was operated on Saturday in Cleveland.', u'Walton grew up in the household of his father, Bill, whose congenital foot problems more or less drained the promise and prime of a potential career great. He knows about misfortune, pain and how human frailty actually predates the Internet.', u'\u201cI mean, they used to play in Chuck Taylor sneakers and I couldn\u2019t even walk in them,\u201d he said after the Warriors, having won Game 1 in overtime, prepared for Game 2 on Sunday night. \u201cBut, yeah, now you have 260-pound guys running faster, cutting harder, and that probably puts more pressure on the joints.\u201d', u'LeBron James, who practically defines the basketball athleticism of a new era, seems to have the durability of a Marvel Comics Avenger while \u2014 similar to Miami with Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh \u2014 teammates like Irving and Kevin Love have limped away from the fray, leaving James, like D.C.\u2019s Superman, to carry the Cavs against the Warriors\u2019 deep roster.', u'As Walton said, basketball coaches, players and certainly journalists are not doctors or scientists.', u'Nor, for that matter, are sports commissioners. Debilitating injuries in recent seasons to Derrick Rose, Russell Westbrook, Kevin Durant and Rajon Rondo and to a host of other young and, for basketball, middle-aged players have made the injury question a delicate one for the new commissioner, Adam Silver, to satisfactorily address.', u'He tried on Thursday, saying: \u201cOur data doesn\u2019t go back that far at least to a point that it\u2019s really reliable in terms of games missed. But at least over a short period of time we don\u2019t see, even versus last year \u2014 games missed is not greater. In other words, the injury data isn\u2019t showing that this was a worse year in terms of injuries than last year.\u201d', u'Like a zealous education reformer, Silver is enamored of that four-letter crutch word \u2014 data \u2014 and applied it to several questions at his prefinals news conference. And while it is true that data is preferable to guesswork, there is also common sense, beginning with the obvious need to study injuries as a generational phenomenon, not as a year-to-year or recent trend.', u'Walton agreed that most tall players in his father\u2019s day, even in their Chuck Taylors, lumbered into the post and were not consistently engaged in the athletic endeavors of the freakishly skilled big men who now prowl the perimeter.', u'Players have become better conditioned. Defenses have adjusted with tactical aggression. Court dimensions remain unchanged. And into this cramped, virile mass of muscle comes a tide of 19-year-olds, their bodies already taxed by years of A.A.U. showcases and suddenly thrust into an 82-game schedule before they are fully developed.', u'How much of a toll does that take at one point or another?', u'Added to a physically taxing, more pressurized game are enhanced financial and commercial incentives to push through the pain. Hence, Irving\u2019s 44 minutes of action in Game 1 on a knee that had been plagued by tendinitis all spring.', u'David Blatt, the Cavaliers\u2019 coach, said Irving was given a clean bill of health and did not have a restriction on his playing time. Who knows why the knee gave out as he drove against the Warriors\u2019 Klay Thompson in overtime? There was even a question of how.', u'After the game, Blatt said he believed there had been no contact. On Saturday, having seen the replay, he added there appeared to have been knee-to-knee contact. That\u2019s just bad luck, which cannot be legislated out of a sport.', u'But Blatt also said that injuries seemed to be more frequent in the N.B.A. than overseas, where he long coached and where teams generally play less.', u'\u201cCertainly, the heavy schedule that we play could be seen as a reason for the frequency of some of the injuries that we see, particularly the way that the game is going with the level of athleticism, speed and strength,\u201d he said.', u'He would not mind a schedule with about 10 fewer games. James is on record with a preference for 16 fewer, or 66, spread over the same amount of time.', u'As vice president of the players\u2019 union, and the most leveraged player of his time and perhaps all time, James might help effect change if he really believes long-term livelihoods are being increasingly endangered. If owners and network executives care about the players and their product, they should listen and be willing to sacrifice.', u'In the meantime, James has Game 2 to worry about and at least two more after that. Given the supporting cast he has left, indestructibility may not be enough.']), ([u'Frustration Turns to Elation for Victor Espinoza'], [u'Before Victor Espinoza hopped aboard American Pharoah, carrying saddlebags full of his previous disappointment, and attempted to run toward history, he tried to lose himself in his routine.', u'So Espinoza did as he always does, when he is not chasing a ', u' at a packed racetrack and before a national television audience: He stopped to take a picture with his nephew\u2019s newborn child. Then he changed into his silks, took a few sips of an energy drink and warmed up by riding a mechanical horse and then running on a treadmill.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s my job,\u201d Espinoza said about an hour before the race. \u201cIt\u2019s another race.\u201d', u'It was not another race, of course. It was one for the ages, as American Pharoah became the first horse to win the Triple Crown since Affirmed in 1978.', u'As the capacity crowd carried Pharoah toward the finish with a full-throated roar, Espinoza raised his right fist \u2014 the one carrying his whip. If it was a celebratory gesture, it was also a defiant one \u2014 a signal that he had learned from two previous trips to the Belmont, aboard War Emblem in 2002 and California Chrome last year, needing just one victory to win the Triple Crown.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s just an amazing feeling that you have when it\u2019s like 20 yards out of the wire and you\u2019re like three or four lengths in front,\u201d said Espinoza, who announced that he would donate his winnings to a cancer-treatment center near Los Angeles, where he runs most of his races. \u201cIt\u2019s unbelievable. At the wire, it was like, I can\u2019t believe I did it.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cI remember I got here last year, and I feel like a loser. Right now, I have an amazing feeling.\u201d', u'After Espinoza and American Pharoah stomped the field by 10 lengths to win the ', u' in the rain, Espinoza\u2019s brother, Jose, who quit racing in 2013 after sustaining a head injury, told him to forget the past disappointments. He was going to win it this time.', u'\u201cIt was just something I feel in my heart,\u201d Jose Espinoza said in the winner\u2019s circle. \u201cHe\u2019s laughing to me and says, \u2018O.K., you\u2019re wrong.\u2019 I said I\u2019m not wrong. Wait one week and then you\u2019ll see the same thing that I\u2019m feeling.\u201d', u'Espinoza said he had remembered his past disappointments and had been trying to temper his enthusiasm.', u'\u201cFrom the first time I rode him, I know he can be an amazing horse, but I don\u2019t want to jinx myself,\u201d he said.', u'The mile-and-a-half Belmont is a grueling final leg of the Triple Crown, a race that is usually the longest that any of the horses have run. American Pharoah was the 14th horse since Affirmed to have swept the first two legs, the ', u' and the Preakness, but until Saturday, none had won the Belmont. Espinoza\u2019s record here was also bleak; he had won four of his 75 starts before Saturday.', u'But there was almost no sign of trouble for American Pharoah.', u'He was a tad slow out of the gate, but Espinoza said he knew at the first turn that the race was his. He focused on what to him is a racing maxim: Don\u2019t mess it up. In this case, with such a long race, he did not let American Pharoah go out and run, even as the horse wanted to go.', u'Espinoza said he had studied tapes of previous Triple Crown attempts and had noticed that when horses fell short, it was often because they faded at the finish. He was determined not to let that happen \u2014 not with the best horse in the field.', u'\u201cAmerican Pharoah was grabbing the bridle at the five-eighths, and he want to take off,\u201d Espinoza said. \u201cI said not yet, but in the meantime I didn\u2019t want to take too much hold. I had to manage it and time it just right. No way I was going to let him run. I had to be patient.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cWhatever I do, I don\u2019t want to make any mistakes. This is it. I\u2019m going to show what I learned in my career and here.\u201d', u'Other jockeys had the sense that they were cooked once American Pharoah jumped to the lead.', u'\u201cHe needed to do that,\u201d said John Velazquez, who faded badly, finishing last aboard Materiality. \u201cOtherwise, he was going to compromise his position, and he\u2019s never been behind horses. You don\u2019t want to take his weapon away, and that\u2019s his weapon.\u201d', u'Espinoza said he also had a different approach to this race. He said he was more comfortable and was confident. That did not guarantee that he would win, but he was at peace in a career that he described as \u201clike the stock market: up and down.\u201d', u'As he held the reins, and the lead, he focused on the breathing and the movements of his horse. As he headed for home, he was right where he wanted to be. It felt just like another horse race.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a lot of pressure,\u201d Espinoza said. \u201cBut it\u2019s all in my hands.\u201d']), ([u'Americans Dominate Boys\u2019 Play in Paris '], [u'PARIS \u2014  When North Carolina\u2019s Tommy Paul beat San Diego\u2019s Taylor Harry Fritz, 7-6 (2), 2-6, 6-2, Saturday in the first all-American boys\u2019 final at the ', u', it formally ended a tournament in which the future of United States men\u2019s tennis had already been declared the unanimous winner.', u'A third American, Michael Mmoh, had lost to Paul in the semifinals. A fourth, Reilly Opelka, 6 feet 10 \xbd inches-and still growing, lost to Mmoh in the quarterfinals after beating top-seeded Orlando Luz of Brazil in the third round.', u'As Opelka (wearing a \u201cU-$-A\u201d hat) watched his two friends and training partners play for the title, he marveled at the depth of the crop of young Americans that he belongs to.', u'\u201cIf fans are a little more patient, in five years it\u2019s going to be a completely different story,\u201d Opelka said. \u201cMaybe a few more than five, but we\u2019ve got the most guys. Our two best Americans aren\u2019t even in this tournament.\u201d', u'Opelka was referring to the 17-year-olds Frances Tiafoe and Stefan Kozlov. Tiafoe recently cracked the ATP top 300 and Kozlov the top 400. Both have competed only in professional tournaments this year.', u'While few eyebrows were raised when Kozlov, Tiafoe and five other Americans, including ', u', reached the round of 16 at Wimbledon last year, such prolific winning in Paris by Americans is unprecedented.', u'Paul, who grew up playing on green clay in Greenville, N.C., mentioned the junior triumph here by Bjorn Fratangelo in 2011 as further evidence that Americans can no longer be regarded as allergic to clay.', u'\u201cEveryone says that U.S. tennis is bad on clay; I would have to disagree,\u201d Paul said. \u201cRight now I think that obviously we\u2019re doing pretty well on the clay.\u201d', u'Fritz, conversely, readily acknowledges his dislike for clay, but he credited United States Tennis Association coaches with having shown him how to cope with the slower surface.', u'\u201cIt really is my least favorite surface,\u201d Fritz said. \u201cBeing with them, I have really learned how to make it work best for me, and play my best tennis on clay court.\u201d', u'Katrina Adams, ', u', said an integral part of American success here was the emphasis her organization placed on training young players on clay \u2014 an emphasis that has been embraced by private coaches.', u'Adams brought an American flag to the match that she had obtained from the United States ambassador to France earlier Saturday morning. She made sure that Paul and Fritz had an American flag with them when it came time for the trophy shoot.', u'\u201cI think people should be really excited,\u201d Fritz said. \u201cI think a couple of us are going to do really well. But at the same time, there shouldn\u2019t be too much pressure put on us, because that\u2019s never a good thing. But I do think we are all going to become good players. We might have a next American player that\u2019s way up there.\u201d', u'Fritz, whose mother, Kathy May, was a top-10 WTA player, said he believed the missteps of past Americans would serve to help players in his age group.', u'\u201cI think all of us are cautious and not letting junior success get to our head, because we have seen what\u2019s happened in the past to a lot of Americans that people say will be \u2018the next big thing,\u2019\xa0\u201d he said.', u'For Fritz, there is strength in numbers.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s one thing that the other generations didn\u2019t have, I think,\u201d he said. \u201cThey didn\u2019t have several people that all were at the same level and all could make it.\u201d', u'Although the horizon is brightening, Adams preached patience.', u'\u201cThis is the beginning, hopefully,\u201d she said. \u201cIt\u2019s still a long road ahead for us.\u201d']), ([u'An Elusive Trophy, Gleaming Through the Smudges of Hands and Lips'], [u'For 37 long years, as the sterling silver ', u' trophy waited for a permanent home, those handling it almost always did so wearing white cotton gloves.', u'\xa0\u201cIt shows fingerprints easily; they don\u2019t look good on the silver,\u201d said Darren Rogers, the ', u' communications executive responsible for escorting the trophy on its many trips from the Kentucky Derby museum, where the award has been on exhibit since 1985.', u'\xa0Fourteen times the Triple Crown trophy had made the journey to New York so it could be bestowed on a horse who won the ', u' after also winning the Kentucky Derby and the ', u'. Thirteen times the trophy had been returned unclaimed \u2014 and unblemished.', u'On Saturday, about 15 minutes after American Pharoah became the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978, the trophy that comes with that achievement was being smudged by dozens of ungloved hands and kissed by joyful lips.', u'The gloves were off. Under a bright sun, that did not seem to diminish the gleam of a trophy that had waited a long time for such a celebration.', u'American Pharoah\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat, raised the trophy over his head as the Belmont Park crowd cheered. He handed it to the trainer Bob Baffert, who handed it to the jockey Victor Espinoza.', u'Espinoza handed it to Zayat\u2019s son, Justin, who a few minutes earlier had been sprinting around the winner\u2019s circle like a toddler on Christmas morning who had just unwrapped his favorite toy.', u'Baffert smiled as he stared at the trophy, which was now being passed around to a greater circle of relatives, friends and associates.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve seen that trophy a lot,\u201d Baffert said. \u201cSo many times, really. But not in this way.\u201d', u'The 12th\xa0version of the Triple Crown trophy had been given away for the first and last time.', u'The trophy will now return to Kentucky, where it will be engraved with the details of\xa0Saturday\u2019s\xa0race and later sent to the owners of American Pharoah.', u'Then, for the first time since 1978, there will not be a Triple Crown trophy waiting to be won \u2014 until a new one is created.', u'American Pharoah\u2019s victory prevented one of the most awkward moments in sports, when the Triple Crown trophy, which sits atop a regal, trackside table as the race is run, is whisked away when the winner of the first two legs of the Triple Crown fails to add the third successive victory.', u'\u201cI\u2019m instructed to remove the Triple Crown trophy immediately,\u201d Rogers said. \u201cIt\u2019s like the end of Game 6 of the 1986 World Series when NBC had to clear out of the Red Sox clubhouse and pull all the champagne from the lockers at the last minute.\u201d', u'Nothing would be more ignominious for the stately trophy than to be publicly left on the award table after the festive ceremony in the winner\u2019s circle \u2014 an award meant for a different horse who did not find that circle.', u'But\xa0Saturday\u2019s\xa0outcome eliminated the need for the trophy\u2019s ungainly exit. It also provides a winsome conclusion to the trophy\u2019s many years of fruitless trips to New York. It always left Kentucky in an airtight case especially made for the trophy. On those flights to New York, the airline pilots frequently wanted the Triple Crown trophy in the cockpit with them. In Manhattan, the trophy sometimes got its own hotel bed. In public appearances, it was protected by armed guards.', u'It came to New York over and over so it could always be on the scene after some fast horse won the first two legs of the Triple Crown.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s like a little orphan looking for a home,\u201d Rogers said.', u'The trophy was commissioned in 1950 by the Thoroughbred Racing Association and created by Cartier jewelers. It has three sides, with each of the faces of the award representing one leg of the Triple Crown and engraved with information from each race.', u'The first trophy was given retroactively to the 1948 Triple Crown winner, Citation. Each year thereafter, new trophies were given to the eight Triple Crown winners to that point \u2014 in reverse order of their accomplishment, until the owners or heirs of the owners of Sir Barton, the 1919 winner, received a trophy in 1957.', u'A ninth trophy was crafted at the same time but not awarded until 1973, when Secretariat won the Triple Crown. Seattle Slew and Affirmed followed as trophy recipients in 1977 and 1978.', u'Although not awarded for 37 years, the trophy remained a featured attraction.', u'\u201cNothing has stopped it from being treated like royalty,\u201d Rogers said. \u201cWhen I check it through security at the airport, the airline personnel and then the T.S.A. security people, and then anybody who sees the hubbub the trophy is creating \u2014 they all want to take pictures with it.\u201d', u'What is the trophy\u2019s appeal?', u'While other trophies can be won year to year, and teams and individuals who fail in their pursuit of those trophies always have the possibility of claiming that prize again the next year, a horse going for the Triple Crown trophy has only one chance. As a result, the wait can last nearly four decades.', u'For a 14th\xa0time since 1978, the Triple Crown trophy came to New York. It was protected, pampered and polished.', u'Then, for the first time, it was handed over in celebration. Then handed over again. And again. By dusk, it was covered in fingerprints, each a sign that the Triple Crown trophy had finally found a home.']), ([u'Discordant Notes\xa0Over Need to Practice on a U.S. Open Course'], [u'Robert Trent Jones Jr., the architect of the public links-style course hosting this month\u2019s ', u', likens the circus descending on Chambers Bay Golf Course in less than two weeks to a symphony.', u'In his analogy, Jones is the composer. The conductor is Mike Davis, the United States Golf Association executive director, in charge of the tournament setup. \u201cAnd the players are the musicians,\u201d Jones said. \u201cSo we want everybody to be in tune so we\u2019ll have some beautiful golf music.\u201d', u'Perhaps it is fitting, given the Seattle area\u2019s connection to grunge rock, that the feedback before the event has contained a high level of distortion and dissonant harmonies and unmistakable themes of angst, alienation and apathy.', u'After the first wave of players made their way to the University Place property to check out the quirky course, the Englishman Ian Poulter posted on Twitter, \u201cThe reports back are it\u2019s a complete farce.\u201d The green complexes have been called into question, as has Davis\u2019s assertion that \u201cthe idea of coming in and playing two practice rounds and having your caddie walk it and using your yardage book, that person\u2019s done. Will not win the U.S. Open.\u201d', u'Davis suggested in April that anybody serious about winning should plan on playing at least 10 practice rounds. What does that mean for the golfers who will punch their tickets to the tournament in Monday\u2019s 36-hole sectional qualifiers? If they don\u2019t get their first look at Chambers Bay until next weekend, at the earliest, are those golfers, who are expected to make up roughly half the field, arriving too late to contend? Will they be serving as the golf equivalent of seat fillers at the Academy Awards, there, basically, as set pieces?', u'Tiger Woods, a three-time United States Open champion, spent Monday and Tuesday practicing at Chambers Bay. He said he took three and a half hours to play each nine. He spent an inordinate amount of that time studying the green complexes and how to approach them.', u'\u201cA lot of homework, a lot of getting numbers, getting a feel for how we\u2019re going to play it because there\u2019s so many different options,\u201d said Woods, who appreciated Davis\u2019s warning once he saw the course.', u'\u201cYou need to get there and play a lot,\u201d Woods said, \u201cbecause he is going to present you with so many different challenges, so many different options.\u201d', u'At the same news conference where Davis made his comments about preparation being paramount, the 2014 champion, Martin Kaymer, was asked his plans for embarking on his title defense. He said he would arrive the weekend before, because that was the earliest his hectic playing schedule permitted.', u'Two other United States Open winners, Webb Simpson and the current world No. 1, Rory McIlroy, expressed similar sentiments. \u201cWith the way the tour is, no one is going to go out there and play 10 practice rounds,\u201d McIlroy said.', u'Simpson, whose plan is to sharpen his game at the tour stop in Memphis starting Thursday, said facetiously, \u201cWe\u2019ll play for second.\u201d', u'Davis\u2019s assertions struck many golfers as an amateur\u2019s miscalculation of the professionals\u2019 skills. It called to mind a director handing an actor 100 pages of dialogue with the warning that he would need ample time to memorize it, not appreciating that a photographic memory is part of the actor\u2019s tool kit.', u'McIlroy has won on a few courses he had never played before, including Quail Hollow, site of the Wells Fargo Championship. Jordan Spieth nearly won the first time he competed in the Masters, on an Augusta National course known for having more nuances than a foreign language. Kevin Kisner lost in a playoff last month in his first competitive start at TPC Sawgrass, which raised the bar for idiosyncratic courses.', u'\u201cI think if a guy like myself or anybody else who doesn\u2019t go to Chambers Bay ahead of time, if they\u2019re the best player that week, they\u2019re going to win,\u201d Simpson said. \u201cDoesn\u2019t matter if you\u2019ve seen it twice or 10 times.\u201d', u'Rickie Fowler, who opted to play in the Irish Open last week instead of making the trek to Chambers Bay for a few practice rounds, is of the same mind as Simpson. He believes his fate rests in his hands, not those of Davis or Jones.', u'If he is in control of his game, Jones\u2019s quirky design and Davis\u2019s setup won\u2019t matter. \u201cIf I\u2019m playing well and hitting my targets and my numbers and my lines,\u201d Fowler said, \u201cit\u2019s going to make it easier to get ready to play golf at the U.S. Open.\u201d', u'The Memorial Tournament is the final tuneup for the United States Open for Woods and Spieth, the reigning Masters champion, whose caddie, Michael Greller, is more familiar with Chambers Bay than most. He has caddied there and was married on its grounds.', u'\u201cThe only advantage is that he\u2019s seen the course more than any of the other caddies have,\u201d Spieth said, adding, \u201cHe\u2019s definitely going to come to the plate with more than the other guys can bring.\u201d', u'Spieth competed in the 2010 United States Amateur at Chambers Bay, but he played so poorly that week, he does not want to remember the parts of the course he became familiar with. He said he would prepare for his return by working on drawing his ball with his swing coach in Dallas (as opposed to the fade he used to great effect at Augusta National).', u'Jones writes poetry in his spare time, and he regards Chambers Bay as an interpretive composition that he put down on the shores of the Puget Sound. The rookie Justin Thomas, who advanced to the round of 32 in match play at the 2010 United States Amateur, appreciates the artistic element of Chambers Bay.', u'\u201cYou have to be creative and you have to use your imagination,\u201d Thomas said. \u201cI like having a chip shot and you can\u2019t go directly at the pin. It\u2019s fun, because you\u2019ve got to get a little creative.\u201d', u'Of course, one golfer\u2019s idea of artistry is another\u2019s example of artifice. Some who have played the course have called it \u201ctricked up.\u201d Others have described it as \u201cinteresting,\u201d which many have interpreted to mean the opposite, like \u201cbless your heart\u201d when voiced by a Southern belle.', u'\u201cInteresting? That\u2019s a nice way of saying what they really think, you think?\u201d said Ryan Moore, a Washington state native.', u'Jack Nicklaus, the Memorial Tournament host, said that when he heard competitors complaining about the course conditions, he would think to himself: \u201cO.K., I don\u2019t have to worry about that player. I can cross him off the list.\u201d', u'No need to concede the tournament before it has started, said Jones, who offered this piece of advice: \u201cGolf courses are human. They have human characteristics. You better learn how to dance with that lady or wrestle with that man.\u201d']), ([u'Adjustments Ease Crowd at Racetrack'], [u'The blueprint demanded a revamped train station, intentionally depressed ticket sales and a pillar of pop-rock music, circa 1998.', u'And a history-making run did not hurt.', u'Long before American Pharoah\u2019s dash into legend on Saturday, tens of thousands of fans had already placed perhaps their most consequential wager of the day: that racing and transit officials would do better this time.', u'\u201cI was hoping it wasn\u2019t going to be a repeat,\u201d Danny O\u2019Brien, 32, said after a stirringly uneventful afternoon ride on the ', u'. \u201cSo far, so good.\u201d', u'One year after unwieldy crowds, insufficient food supplies and hourslong train delays led many casual followers of the sport to swear off another visit to Belmont Park, those who returned hoped to find their faith rewarded.', u'On two fronts, American Pharoah delivered: There was the win, sure, but logistically his triumph paid further dividends. With the protracted celebration that followed \u2014 \u201cI told you, I told you the whole time!\u201d one fan screamed into the din \u2014 departures seemed to be more staggered than they were last year, when California Chrome fell short.', u'Even before that, the new preparations were well received for much of the day.', u'Paid attendance had been capped at 90,000 \u2014 a tacit acknowledgment that last year\u2019s six-figure crowd had been too large to manage. Organizers also summoned the Goo Goo Dolls for a postrace concert aimed at pacing exits from the park.', u'\u201cYou can move,\u201d said Heather Zamora, 42, a veteran Belmont attendee, marveling at the floor space at the edge of the grandstand around 5 p.m.', u'Transit riders reported smoother trips to a station that the Long Island Rail Road had spent more than $4 million to improve, extolling the virtues of new platforms that could handle longer trains.', u'Chants of \u201cPharoah\u201d and, for reasons that were not immediately clear, \u201cWe are Penn State\u201d filled the 10:15 a.m. train out of Penn Station, which pulled into Belmont Station just before 11. As it arrived, the railroad\u2019s president, Patrick Nowakowski, surveyed the crowd from an overpass that, last year, became so overloaded that officers had to reroute travelers to the ground level for safety.', u'\u201cMaybe we\u2019re crazy,\u201d Mr. Nowakowski had said days earlier, \u201cbut we really want people to come out and give us another chance.\u201d', u'Fewer did, which seemed to help. The railroad said that 28,583 had taken the train to the track, down from nearly 36,000 last year.', u'The trip home was to be less certain. With many visitors still leaving at once, transit officials had warned that passengers might face waits of up to two hours. Last year, some were stranded for more than three, and many drivers fared no better.', u'But as of 7:45 p.m., less than an hour after the race, a spokesman, Salvatore Arena, said the railroad was \u201cdoing exceptionally well,\u201d with more than 10,000 people out of the station or loaded onto trains.', u'Shortly after 9, with the Goo Goo Dolls still playing, the railroad declared victory.', u'\u201cAmerican Pharoah was not the only big winner today,\u201d Mr. Nowakowski said. He estimated that the railroad had moved passengers more than twice as quickly as it did last year.', u'Elsewhere, there were some hiccups. The New York Racing Association said some customers had been unable to print tickets bought online, forcing them to retrieve the passes from machines at the track or at will call.', u'A spokesman, John Durso Jr., also reported \u201ca handful of incidents with intoxicated fans,\u201d though he said they were minor.', u'Several attendees expressed enthusiasm for even the most basic accommodations. \u201cA lot of porta-potties,\u201d said Omar Frias, 26, with lemonade in his left hand and a cigar in his right. \u201cThat\u2019s always key.\u201d', u'And if the still-extensive throngs delivered the usual effects \u2014 delays behind inexperienced bettors at the windows, escalating drunkenness among young fedora wearers, ladies\u2019 room lines that could fill the winner\u2019s circle \u2014 some professed a cold pleasure in the ritual.', u'\u201cSometimes,\u201d said Shaun Banks, 40, of Sea Cliff, N.Y., \u201cyou\u2019ve got to sit back and watch the out-of-towners fumble.\u201d', u'In fact, around 4 p.m., an apparent visitor seemed to make a misstep: April Maroshick, 21, who wore a crown of crystals and a sash identifying her as Miss World Alaska, rested her legs near a men\u2019s bathroom.', u'It went as you might expect.', u'\u201cI just want to say,\u201d a beer vendor offered, briefly leaving his post, \u201cyou are very beautiful.\u201d Many attendees asked for pictures. At least one kissed her hand. The few who took in her biography \u2014 she is actually from Long Island and represents Alaska through a qualifying quirk \u2014 were particularly smitten.', u'\u201cMiss Alaska is from the same high school as my mom!\u201d one man shouted.', u'At one point, Ms. Maroshick was asked for a prediction.', u'\u201cCan I predict a Triple Crown?\u201d she asked, grasping at her own.']), ([u'American Pharoah Wins Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown'], [u'As American Pharoah came out of the far turn and squared his shoulders to let his rider Victor Espinoza stare down the long withering stretch of Belmont Park, a sense of inevitability surged through this mammoth old grandstand. The fans in a capacity crowd strained on the tips of their toes and let out a roar from deep in their souls. It was going to end, finally \u2014 this 37-year search for a great racehorse.', u'No, a battered old sport was looking for an immortal thoroughbred, one worthy to stand alongside Sir Barton and Assault, War Admiral and Whirlaway, Count Fleet and Citation, a horse able to earn the title of a ', u' champion.', u'There had been only 11 of them in history, and America had elected five presidents, fought three wars and lived through at least three economic downturns since Affirmed had last completed the feat in 1978. In the interim, 12 other very good racehorses had pulled into the starting gate at this grand old racetrack on Long Island with a chance to become the next great horse, only to fall short at the hands of a great rival, as Sunday Silence did to Easy Goer in 1989 or as Real Quiet did in 1998 in a heartbreaking photo finish, or to find the mile-and-a-half distance of the ', u' just too much, as California Chrome did last year.', u'But as American Pharoah bounded into the stretch amid a deafening roar, the memories of the gritty Affirmed, the speedy Seattle Slew (1977) and that tremendous machine Secretariat (1973) were summoned from backside to grandstand, and rightfully so.', u'No one doubted that American Pharoah was about to enter the history books. He was bouncing down the lane as if jumping from one trampoline to another, and no one was going to catch him.', u'The colt\u2019s trainer, Bob Baffert, was transported. He, too, had previously come here certain that he had a horse that belonged among the giants of racing, only to feel his heart ascend to his throat. In 1997, Silver Charm had been caught two jumps before the wire by Touch Gold, a rival he did not see. In 1998, Baffert watched as Victory Gallop got a half-nostril ahead of Real Quiet at the wire. In 2002, he watched War Emblem stumble out of the gate and lose any chance to win.', u'Baffert had watched Secretariat win the Belmont by 31 lengths on a little television in Arizona with his father, Bill. He remembered that moment and wished that his parents were still alive to see this. Suddenly, he was a fan rather than a Hall of Fame trainer.', u'\u201cThe crowd was just thundering,\u201d he said. \u201cI was enjoying the crowd and the noise and everything happening.\u201d', u'In the saddle, Espinoza felt a rush that had twice eluded him. He was on California Chrome last year and War Emblem for Baffert, only to remember how two very good colts staggered beneath him and the collective gasp of more than 100,000 disappointed people rustled within him.', u'But not this time \u2014 Espinoza dropped the reins on his colt and let the muscled bay take him home. When he was a boy in his native Mexico, Espinoza had been afraid of horses. Now, at 43, he knew they were a gift. Beneath him, American Pharoah\u2019s strides were getting longer and longer, but Espinoza felt as if he were riding on a cloud.', u'\u201cYou don\u2019t even feel him,\u201d he said. \u201cIt feels like you are going in slow motion.\u201d', u'Espinoza was confident entering the ', u'. American Pharoah, after all, had been the 2-year-old champion. He was exuberant three weeks ago in Baltimore at the ', u', when the skies opened up before the race and gave American Pharoah the sloppy racetrack that he prefers and skims over like a jet ski.', u'But Espinoza was even more confident Saturday in the jockeys\u2019 room, and then downright cocky after he met Baffert in the paddock.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s ready,\u201d Baffert told him. \u201cRide him with confidence.\u201d', u'When American Pharoah leaned back in the gate as the bell rang and the doors opened, the colt broke a step slow. Espinoza did not even worry. Within the first two jumps, American Pharoah had catapulted ahead of his seven rivals and glided into the first turn like a marble circling a roulette wheel.', u'\u201cHe was right in the lead where I wanted to be, in front of everybody,\u201d Espinoza said.', u'Materiality gave chase for a mile, but American Pharoah picked up his tempo and shook that rival off at the mile.', u'\u201cSteady, steady,\u201d Espinoza said to himself.', u'Mubtaahij, from Dubai, took a run at him on the far turn, but got within only three lengths before peeling back. Revving up outside him, however, was the late-running Frosted. His jockey, Joel Rosario, scrubbed the gray colt\u2019s neck and got within four, three and two and a half lengths, but then American Pharoah stretched his stride as if he were elastic and snapped off to a four-length lead. When Espinoza crossed the finish line five and a half lengths ahead, he finally allowed a smile to curl at the corner of his mouth and a raucous celebration to reverberate deep in his bones.', u'In the record books, it will say American Pharoah covered the marathon distance in 2 minutes 26.65 seconds, paid his backers $3.50 on a $2 bet and fattened his earnings to more than $4.5 million for his owner, Ahmed Zayat.', u'But as Espinoza galloped American Pharoah the length of the grandstand and let a thunderstruck crowd, many with tears in their eyes, cheer the ethereal performance of a once-in-a-lifetime athlete, he could barely catch his breath.', u'\u201cWow,\u201d he told the outrider alongside him. \u201cWow. He\u2019s just an amazing horse.\u201d', u'Horse lovers and horse players alike have waited a long time to hear that.']), ([u'Letters to the Editor'], [u'To the Sports Editor:', u'Re: \u201cA Little Praise for Blatter. Very Little,\u201d May 31. Sepp Blatter, the \u201cgodfather\u201d of women\u2019s soccer, deserves a red card, not praise. He has set up a separate and unequal system where women cannot earn a living wage and are in danger of injuring themselves just by doing their jobs. Female players earn $6,000 to $30,000 annually; most players are at the lower end of the scale. Female players simply cannot support themselves or their families with those wages. By comparison, top male players earn', u' $8 million or more.', u'Last year, 84 women\u2019s soccer players sued FIFA for gender discrimination when FIFA announced that the 2015 Women\u2019s World Cup would be played on artificial turf instead of natural grass. Turf greatly increases career-ending injuries, including A.C.L. tears, concussions, arthritis and antibiotic-resistant infections.', u'If Blatter were a true champion of women\u2019s soccer, he would level the playing field for female players by requiring pay equity, and by letting women play on grass in the upcoming Women\u2019s World Cup.', u'\x95', u'To the Sports Editor:', u'This last week we were informed of the Department of Justice\u2019s triumphant (potential) victory over FIFA, which has always been on the verge of invading our sacred shores. I must admit I feel safer now.', u'I had hoped the D.O.J. would have made me feel safer about the banks that hold my mortgage. A raft of indictments there would certainly have gone a long way. The same might be said about the Wall Street tycoons who are every bit as indictable.', u'It would have been nice to see action taken on Cliven Bundy and his supporters, who, heavily armed, interfered with federal deputies in the execution of their duties \u2014 a federal offense.', u'\x95', u'To the Sports Editor:', u'It is good to see that UEFA, the European soccer governing body, is considering boycotting the World Cup if accusations of corruption are not properly addressed. In addition to such possible measures, national teams should be given the right to boycott the World Cup without any penalty from FIFA if the number of deaths among construction workers building the facilities exceeds a designated level.', u'There are reports that several hundred workers have died in 2013 and 2014 in preparation for the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. Hosting agreements should contain provisions allowing third-party inspections of construction sites and workers\u2019 hostels to promote worker safety and monitor the number of deaths and injuries.']), ([u'On Paper, U.S. Women Have Enough '], [u'Can we win?', u'That is the biggest question \u2014 really the only question \u2014 Americans are asking about the United States team that begins play in the Women\u2019s World Cup this week. Rest assured, those same words are also swirling in the heads of the players.', u'The United States won two of the first three Women\u2019s World Cups \u2014 in 1991 and 1999 \u2014 but has not won since. That drought is a delicate topic among the current players, and they are looking to put it to rest once and for all.', u'But can they win?', u'In 1991, the first Women\u2019s World Cup, no one asked me that question. Frankly, I never asked it of myself either. I knew the answer. I saw it. I felt it. I lived it. In my mind, it was already done.', u'How did I know? I just did. I knew we\u2019d win, just as I knew I\u2019d wake up in the morning with curly hair. It just wasn\u2019t a question. The feeling was the same for the 1996 Olympic Games and again for the 1999 World Cup. No doubt. Not for a moment.', u'The 1995 World Cup, on the other hand, was different. We prepared to win just as we had for the others, and the core of the team was much the same, but there was something missing. That absent force, whatever it was, never showed up, and although we fought hard, we lost to Norway in the semifinals. The only way I can describe the difference in that ending is that something was missing.', u'I picture it as two rivers running along side by side. The current is swift and strong. The river is wide and endless. One river welcomes you; you enter it without trying and you ride it without effort, like bodysurfing a massive wave in the ocean. It carries you and nothing is impossible. Even your opponent seems to yield to the will of the river.', u'The other river is just as powerful, but it is filled with boulders, rough water, undercurrents and jagged shorelines. It causes you to struggle and fight as you try to navigate downstream. You give all you have, but nothing you do changes the outcome. In the end, you do not have what it takes to win.', u'Before every one of my World Cups, I always told interviewers that we would win. Whether people believed me or not, I\u2019m not sure. And I\u2019m not sure if my teammates felt the same way, either, or if I was alone in my river of destiny. But I just knew.', u'This year, in this World Cup, the question of \u201cknowing\u201d can be answered only by the team and the players themselves. Do they know? I have watched them play. I have read articles and listened to their interviews. But from the outside, it\u2019s difficult to make a prediction.', u'Can the United States win? Absolutely. The team has the talent, including some of the best players in the world at their positions: Hope Solo in goal, Carli Lloyd in the center of the midfield and Abby Wambach and Alex Morgan up front. It is deep coming off the bench, and there is experience and leadership in both the attack and defense. Not to mention fitness, speed and muscle that can be matched by only a few other teams. (The United States also has won before, which will be an edge against teams new to the mix.)', u'On paper, those are the ingredients of a trophy-winning mix. On the other hand, this team is still soft in critical areas. Namely, the defense isn\u2019t tight enough in the penalty area, allowing too many opportunities for opponents to score; and even though some recent opponents haven\u2019t capitalized, the good ones will. The team\u2019s defending must also be better \u2014 and more punishing. I haven\u2019t seen many crunching tackles or messages sent to opponents to not dare enter the United States\u2019 half of the field.', u'The midfield needs to better control the pace and variety in the attack, too, and to transition quicker into a more balanced defensive shape through the middle when it doesn\u2019t have the ball. And I die a thousand deaths each time a United States player doesn\u2019t shoot on frame or doesn\u2019t finish a chance that needs to be put away.', u'So the question remains: Can we win?', u'That is the beauty of any United States women\u2019s national team. No matter how it may seem from the outside, it can never, ever be counted out. It has the ingredients. The only thing left is what only the team can know, and that will be revealed 90 minutes at a time. First against Australia. Then Sweden. Then Nigeria. And so on.', u'Each game will provide the answer to our question, maybe in storybook fashion. I can\u2019t wait to see the last page.']), ([u'Face of Soccer in Canada, on Field and on Stamps'], [u'EDMONTON, Alberta \u2014 GCanada had just been eliminated from the 2011 Women\u2019s World Cup. Its captain, Christine Sinclair, sat on the turf, crying, angry, desolate. Her nose had been broken earlier in the tournament in Germany. Now, after a 4-0 rout by France in group play, her spirit felt broken as well.', u'\u201cIt was the lowest point in my soccer career,\u201d Sinclair said. \u201cThe worst game I\u2019d ever seen our team play.\u201d', u'In the fallout, John Herdman was hired to coach the Canadian women. He placed a photo of the deflated Sinclair on the wall of his office.', u'\u201cI never wanted that woman to feel that way again,\u201d Herdman said.', u'A year later, at the London Olympics, Sinclair rallied her teammates after a disputed loss to the United States in the semifinals, and Canada won a bronze medal, its first major international prize.', u'On Saturday night in front of 53,058 embracing fans at Commonwealth Stadium, Sinclair scored on a penalty kick in the 92nd minute to give Canada a thrilling 1-0 victory over China to open the World Cup.', u'Sinclair now has 154 career goals, third on the career international list behind Abby Wambach (182) and Mia Hamm (158). Hope Solo, the American goalkeeper, called Sinclair \u201cthe best player in the world\u201d last month.', u'The high expectations for Canada in the Cup are in no small part due to the presence of Sinclair, who has been a member of the national team since 2000, when she was a teenager. On June 12, she will turn 32. A country\u2019s hopes and a team\u2019s possibilities rest largely on her shoulders.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not 100 percent comfortable with it,\u201d Sinclair said recently of being the face of the host nation, and the tournament, \u201cbut it\u2019s something I don\u2019t spend a lot of time thinking about.\u201d', u'She is featured on a postage stamp commemorating the World Cup. And she is recognized almost everywhere she goes in Canada. It is a far cry, said Maeve Glass, 55, Canada\u2019s equipment manager and a pioneering player, from the 1970s, when women began playing soccer anonymously in Vancouver, stuffing legal-size envelopes into their socks as makeshift shin guards.', u'Now there are more than 350,000 registered female players in Canada, a number that has tripled in the last 20 years, according to the Canadian soccer federation.', u'This awakening has elevated Sinclair to a position that Hamm occupied in the United States. Sinclair is not considered a women\u2019s soccer player but simply a soccer player. This is made especially evident when the Canadians train in Vancouver, which is next to Sinclair\u2019s hometown, Burnaby, British Columbia.', u'\u201cThe groups that come to train after us, you hear 14- and 15-year-old boys saying, \u2018Yeah, there she is, there\u2019s Sinclair right there,\u2019 \u201d Glass said. \u201cTen years ago, if you told me that, I would have gone, No.\u201d', u'The challenge for Sinclair during this World Cup will be similar to one that Hamm faced at the 1999 tournament in the United States: a kind of tug of war in which Sinclair will be asked to promote her sport and maintain her reliability on the field while not being viewed as separate or apart by her teammates.', u'\u201cPhysically, emotionally, you\u2019re always trying to make sure that you\u2019re focused and ready for the game,\u201d Hamm said in a telephone interview from Los Angeles.', u'As a girl, Sinclair said, she was not aware that Canada had a women\u2019s national soccer team. She wears No. 12 because it was the number of her favorite baseball player, Roberto Alomar, the Hall of Fame second baseman who at the time played for the Toronto Blue Jays.', u'Sinclair said she spent half the year playing baseball (second base, after Alomar) and half playing soccer from age 4. Her mother played, her father played, her older brother played. Two of her uncles, Bruce and Brian Gant, played for the Portland Timbers of the North American Soccer League.', u'\u201cIt was just something our family did,\u201d Sinclair said.', u'She became a two-time N.C.A.A. champion at Portland, and with a degree in life science, Sinclair speaks with a kind of reticence that is often called humility but may also be the restraint demanded by scholarship. When she does speak her mind, people take notice, as happened after the 2012 Olympic semifinals against the United States.', u'It was a tense, engaging match during which Sinclair scored three times and the Norwegian referee made two disputed calls \u2014 one for time-wasting on Canada\u2019s goalkeeper and another for a hand ball that led to a penalty goal by Wambach. The United States finally prevailed, 4-3, on a header by Alex Morgan in the 123rd minute, after which Sinclair said, \u201cWe feel cheated.\u201d', u'She did not stop there, adding: \u201cWe feel like we didn\u2019t lose, we feel like it was taken from us. It\u2019s a shame in a game like that that was so important, the ref decided the result before it started.\u201d', u'The teams ended up staying on the same floor of the same hotel that night in Manchester, England, said Glass, the Canadian equipment manager.', u'\u201cThey wouldn\u2019t even look at us,\u201d Glass said of the Americans. \u201cThey knew we got robbed.\u201d', u'After the Olympics, Sinclair received a four-game suspension by FIFA, soccer\u2019s world governing body, for \u201cdisplaying unsporting behavior toward match officials.\u201d', u'Yet what is most remembered \u2014 and cherished \u2014 by the Canadian team is what Sinclair said in the dressing room after the match at Old Trafford. Amid quiet sobbing, she told her teammates that she had never been prouder of them. And, using a certain curse word for emphasis, she added that the tournament was not over, saying, \u201cWe have a bronze medal to win.\u201d', u'Glass said, \u201cThat, for this team, was an absolute turning point.\u201d', u'Canada prevailed in the bronze-medal match \u2014 1-0 against the same French team that had routed Sinclair and her teammates at the 2011 World Cup \u2014 and Sinclair was chosen to carry the Canadian flag for the closing ceremony at the London Games.', u'She had always described her team as \u201clittle sisters\u201d to the Americans, the four-time Olympic gold medalists and two-time World Cup champions. Now something seemed to have shifted in attitude.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re not equal yet, but I think the gap is closing very quickly,\u201d Sinclair said. \u201cI think as a team we head into every game against the Americans knowing we can beat them. We\u2019ve never felt that before. We have this confidence; we know if we play well we can beat any team in the world.\u201d', u'With Herdman as coach, Canada has shored up its supporting cast and become more tactically sophisticated in its play. At 5 feet 9 \xbd inches, Sinclair has developed a completeness, becoming a playmaker as well as a scorer, often drifting to the wing or dropping back into midfield.', u'She must speak up more if Canada is to succeed at this World Cup, Herdman said, getting her teammates involved, demanding of them and herself.', u'\u201cDon\u2019t walk off the pitch and go, \u2018I never really got the ball today,\u2019 \u201d Herdman said. \u201cShe\u2019s got to accept that she can change games and she\u2019s got to be prepared to demand the ball and change tactics to get on the ball.\u201d', u'It is a role that Sinclair seems ready to accept, said Tobin Heath, the American midfielder and teammate of Sinclair\u2019s with the Portland Thorns of the National Women\u2019s Soccer League.', u'\u201cShe embraces that responsibility,\u201d Heath said. \u201cSeeing her play for her country, she ups her game to another level. And I think with the World Cup in Canada, you will see a special player playing at the highest level.\u201d']), ([u'At Site of Highs for Tiger Woods, One of a Different Sort: 85'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  In 2000, Zac Blair managed to get ', u'\u2019s autograph in the Valhalla clubhouse during the week of the P.G.A. Championship, which Woods won on his way to holding all four major titles concurrently.', u'Blair\u2019s father, James, a P.G.A. pro, competed in the event, but Blair, then 9, idolized Woods. Fifteen years later, Blair realized a dream when he was paired with Woods in Saturday\u2019s third round of the Memorial Tournament.', u'Blair, a 24-year-old rookie, had no idea when he teed off at No. 1 at Muirfield Golf Club that his fantasy pairing would make him a witness to a nightmarish piece of history. With a two-under-par 70, Blair beat Woods by 15 strokes. Woods\u2019s 85 was his worst score since he turned professional in 1996, surpassing ', u' in the second round of the Phoenix Open.', u'By the end of the day, Justin Rose, the 2013 ', u' champion, had opened a three-stroke lead over Francesco Molinari and David Lingmerth with a six-under 66 for a 54-hole total of 15 under. Rose played the kind of golf that has lately eluded Woods, who had a 42 on the front nine and a 43 on the back. Woods was in last place.', u'Including his 40 on the first nine Thursday, Woods has shot worse than 39 in three of his six front or back nines this week. Woods, a five-time Memorial champion, hit seven fairways, three more than he did on Thursday, when his irons and short game helped him grind out a 73. He hit nine greens, one more than on Friday, when he putted beautifully to salvage a 70 and make the cut on the number. But on Saturday he struggled in all phases of his game.', u'Woods\u2019s play on the par-4 18th epitomized his day. After his tee shot landed in the water, Woods hit his next shot short of the green, then chipped to the false front and watched his ball roll back into the fairway. He then chipped into a bunker, blasted out and two-putted for an 8.', u'He also had six bogeys, two double bogeys and one birdie.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s just kind of working through some things; obviously it takes some time to work through some swing changes and stuff like that,\u201d Blair said, referring to Woods, who declined interview requests.', u'Blair added: \u201cHe obviously had a tough day. But he was super nice, super friendly, was always willing to talk, and I thought we got along great.\u201d', u'James Blair landed in Cincinnati before dawn Saturday. He arrived at the course less than a half-hour before his son\u2019s 8:28 a.m. tee time. \u201cThe only thing that could have been better is if Tiger had beaten him by one to keep it going,\u201d James Blair said.', u'He added: \u201cEvery time I see Tiger, I thank him for the wonderful life he\u2019s made for me as a P.G.A. golf professional. Look at what he did for my son. Just to see the excitement in my son\u2019s eyes with the fist pumps, how many people Tiger energized. I pray every day he gets it back. I\u2019m really pulling for him.\u201d']), ([u'Break Serve? For Most Players, It\u2019s a Struggle to Break Even'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Fifty years ago this spring, Fred Stolle of Australia won the French International Tennis Championship by defeating his countryman Tony Roche in the final. Stolle and Roy Emerson, another Aussie, won the doubles crown as well.', u'For capturing both titles, Stolle\u2019s total purse \u2014 if it can be called one \u2014 was a modest sum.', u'\u201cSix hundred francs,\u201d he said last week, referring to the 1965 equivalent of about $100. Soon it was gone. \u201cTook the boys to the Lido that night, got drunk,\u201d he said.', u'Asked how he could live on 600 francs, Stolle quipped: \u201cI didn\u2019t; I drank it.\u201d', u'Last week, as he gazed down on Philippe Chatrier Court from a television commentary booth, Stolle sat amid a long-simmering debate over fair compensation for players, especially those outside the top 100.', u'Late last year, a major international study concluded that players must earn a minimum of $160,000 a year in prize money merely to break even (factoring in salaries and travel expenses for their coaches).', u'Of more than 2,000 active players, fewer than 250 men and women earn the minimum, according to two Australian researchers.', u'Now, however, the prize money gap is narrowing. Organizers of the Grand Slam tournaments have boosted purses significantly.', u'Last week, Irina Falconi of the United States, ranked 85th in the world, earned $94,500 for losing in the third round at Roland Garros.', u'\u201cI think anytime you\u2019re getting close to six figures, you\u2019re doing pretty well,\u201d she told reporters. \u201cOnce I get my check, I\u2019m actually going to give it to my financial adviser and not even look at.\u201d', u'Falconi, 25, joked that had she gone on to win the singles crown, her prize of $2.002 million would have enabled her to buy the Paris apartment she had rented for $165 per night.', u'The rising payouts were received with a touch of wistfulness by one retired player.', u'\u201cThey won the battle, which we fought for, what, 20, 30 years ago,\u201d said Sophie Amiach, 51, a top French player who competed for nearly 15 years. In 1984, she earned $10,000 by reaching the quarterfinals of the Australian Open, where she lost to Chris Evert.', u'A few years later, searching for money to cover a trip to tournaments in Argentina, Australia and the United States, Amiach made a drastic decision.', u'\u201cI sold my car,\u201d she said, \u201c$7,000 or $8,000 just to be able to go.\u201d', u'Still later, recovering from a serious foot injury, she accepted an invitation from Billie Jean King to train in Chicago, where she shared a studio apartment with a friend.', u'\u201cI was like poor as poor can be,\u201d Amiach said. \u201cI was just scratching to make ends meet.\u201d', u'Now she earns a living as a travel and wine consultant and as a ', u' television commentator who regularly shares the Chatrier booth with Stolle. Amiach declined to criticize the vast prize earnings by top players, mentioning a report that Novak Djokovic\u2019s career earnings were nearing $80 million. These large sums demonstrate the sport\u2019s importance to spectators, she said.', u'Asked if the money matters to leading competitors, Amiach said, \u201cI think when you pass the bar \u2014 $78 million, for Novak Djokovic, in prize money \u2014 they\u2019re not playing for the money anymore.\u201d', u'But hundreds of players outside the top 100 still are playing for the cash to make ends meet.', u'Marius Copil, 24, of Romania, who is ranked 202nd, offered a solution.', u'\u201cI think maybe the players that are in the Grand Slam already in the main draw, they should have $50,000 for the first-round loss,\u201d he said.', u'A startling suggestion, perhaps, and one that would have benefited Copil in January at the Australian Open, where he qualified for the main draw and lost to Stan Wawrinka in the second round, earning nearly $39,000.', u'\u201cYou need that money to be safe for a year,\u201d he said. Last month, Copil lost in the final qualifying round at Roland Garros, earning a modest $13,300.', u'With the $50,000 first-round paycheck at all four championships, he said, \u201cYou can hire a coach, pay their expenses, and you can say that you can travel one year.\u201d He smiled and described an added benefit.', u'\u201cThis can improve your game and let you be a little bit loose on the court,\u201d he said.', u'On a budget that would not be so tight.']), ([u'Ruben Tejada Is Making the Most of Another Chance With Mets'], [u'PHOENIX \u2014  Ruben Tejada was sitting at his locker Thursday, examining the tattoo that circled his left wrist like a bracelet, when he was asked what the five ornately drawn letters signified.', u'They represent a saying from the Bible, Tejada said. He got the tattoo after last season, during a particularly rough time in his ', u' career. Tejada had lost the starting shortstop\u2019s job long before, and he had been labeled lazy. His opportunities were dwindling. Now he was struggling to properly explain what the letters meant. He turned to his teammate Wilmer Flores and asked him to translate.', u'\u201cIf God is with me,\u201d Flores said softly, \u201cwho\u2019s against me?\u201d', u'Just a few weeks ago, the number of people against Tejada included Mets fans and the decision makers. But the Mets\u2019 injuries piled up and the replacement players did not perform, so Manager Terry Collins called Tejada, who was batting .224, into his office late last month. Collins told him that the team needed him and that he would be playing regularly.', u'As Collins recalled, \u201cHe just nodded his head and walked out.\u201d', u'Tejada started the next seven games and became the hottest hitter on the team, batting .483, ripping four doubles, scoring four runs, and driving in six more. He is expected to be a cog in the Mets\u2019 lineup, mostly at third base, for the foreseeable future. Entering Friday, his average was up to .311.', u'The question now is, How long can Tejada keep this up?', u'Tejada has played this well before, which makes him all the more maddening. Three years ago, when the Mets allowed Jose Reyes to walk away as a free agent, they declared Tejada their shortstop. That season, Tejada flourished, playing solid defense and spraying line drives. He batted .289.', u'A series of transgressions followed. In 2013, Tejada reported to camp overweight, got hurt and was demoted. Collins said he went 0 for 3 trying to motivate him. General Manager Sandy Alderson was so mad, he needled Tejada during a radio interview.', u'Like other people in dysfunctional relationships, the Mets moved on. This year, they shifted Flores to shortstop, a position his frame did not seem suited for, because his power bat would stand out in an often light-hitting position.', u'The experiment has mostly worked as expected. Entering Friday, Flores\u2019s eight home runs were tied for the most among shortstops, and his 24 runs batted in were tied for fifth most. His 10 errors were seventh most in baseball, regardless of position.', u'Each time Flores makes an error, fans clamor for change. They want the Mets to trade for an upgrade. But the most likely alternative, for now, at least, is Tejada.', u'Tejada has at least one Mets decision maker vouching for him now, and perhaps not coincidentally it\u2019s the newest coach on their staff, someone who holds no preconceptions: the hitting coach, Kevin Long.', u'Tejada arrived at camp looking a bit out of shape again this year. But this time, Long dragged Tejada to side fields to do extra hitting drills. Like a stern parent, he ordered Tejada not to skip a day of batting practice.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s going to be who you are and what you do,\u201d Long told Tejada.', u'They worked on his stance, too, making sure Tejada stayed centered with his weight and removing any unnecessary movement of his legs. As a result, Tejada has rediscovered his old line-drive-spraying swing.', u'\u201cHis work ethic has been tremendous,\u201d Long said. \u201cReally, you have to give the credit to Ruben. We pushed him a little bit and got him uncomfortable with the work we were doing.\u201d', u'Now with David Wright and Daniel Murphy out, the Mets have little choice but to rely on Tejada and Flores. In addition, Collins has strongly suggested that Tejada may take over shortstop from Flores in the not-so-distant future.', u'But doing so would require delicate maneuvering by Collins. He will leave Flores there for now because the position is a firestorm, he said, for the scrutiny and pressure Flores deals with daily. At one point, Collins told Tejada, \u201cIf Jose Reyes was still here, he\u2019d be at second base.\u201d Nevertheless, Flores seems to be settling into the position. He had made one error in his last 19 games entering this weekend.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s doing fine,\u201d Collins said. \u201cThat\u2019s why I don\u2019t want \u2014 just leave it alone. Because the minute you move him, controversy starts. Then you move him back: more controversy. We\u2019re trying to play baseball here and stay away from the back page.\u201d', u'For once, Tejada is not creating the controversy but is perhaps an antidote to it. The other day, while Tejada was showing off his tattoo, Flores playfully joked that Tejada had copied him. Flores had a similar tattoo done around his wrist last season. The two players are friends, and Flores seemed genuinely happy for Tejada.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not surprised,\u201d Flores said. \u201cHe\u2019s always had it in him, you know?\u201d']), ([u'A Military Mind-Set Keeps a Yankee Prepared Amid Limited Action'], [u'Four months ago Garrett Jones arrived at Blackman High School in Murfreesboro, Tenn., with a small team of former Navy SEALs.', u'Their mission was to teach a group of high school baseball players the value of team-building and perseverance.', u'Jones, a first baseman and right fielder for the ', u', was there with Stonewall Solutions, a company that travels to high schools and colleges across the country to give training programs to athletic teams, said Jason Kuhn, the company\u2019s president and a former Navy SEAL.', u'Jones, Kuhn said, showed no sense of entitlement with his status as a professional athlete. He lugged equipment around and preached the importance of self-belief to the teenagers.', u'Jones told them about \u201cbeing stuck\u201d in the minors, Kuhn said, and about how he never doubted that he would make a major league roster one day, even after toiling for eight years in the minor leagues before his first call-up, in 2007.', u'\u201cGarrett did a wonderful job,\u201d Kuhn said. \u201cThose kids loved having him out there.\u201d', u'Jones, standing in front of his locker on Friday before the Yankees started a three-game series against the Los Angeles Angels at Yankee Stadium, said the education was not one-sided: Kuhn and the other former soldiers taught him, too.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve learned a lot from him: that team is a lot more important than the individual, and how to overcome certain obstacles, how to get past the fear of certain things or the fear or failure, and training your mind,\u201d Jones said, stopping midway through his sentence to thank a Yankees staff member for placing a sheet of paper on the chair in front of his locker.', u'That team-first mind-set has helped Jones, 33, reconcile his lack of playing time with his team\u2019s success, he said. He has played in 28 of the Yankees\u2019 55 games and, entering Friday, was on pace for the second-fewest plate appearances of his career this season.', u'Alex Rodriguez has exceeded expectations, meaning fewer at-bats for Jones, and first baseman Mark Teixeira has stayed healthy, giving Jones fewer opportunities to spell him.', u'So Jones, who started in right field on Friday ', u', has relied on one of the lessons he learned from the soldiers: Keep your mind sharp.', u'\u201cObviously we\u2019re playing a game here, and they have a lot more serious things going on,\u201d he said, \u201cBut you can apply a lot of different things mentally that they use that I\u2019ve applied to my game.\u201d', u'At practice, Jones, who wears a bracelet on his right wrist that reads \u201cBe Unstoppable,\u201d takes grounders and fly balls and completes sprints \u201cto simulate game speed as much as I can.\u201d During games that he is not playing in, he times pitches from the dugout as if he were batting.', u'He wants to maintain the mentality that he is an everyday player, and thus needs to prepare like one.', u'\u201cLittle things that you need to do to kind of trick your mind that you\u2019re still in game mode every day,\u201d Jones said. \u201cYou never know if you\u2019re going to play the next few days \u2014 you could have off three or four days. Every day you\u2019ve got to be ready to go.\u201d', u'Recently, it has paid off. Entering Friday, Jones had hit home runs in consecutive games, including a ', u' that sealed the Yankees\u2019 win over the Seattle Mariners on Tuesday. Through Friday\u2019s game, he was hitting .262 with 3 home runs and 9 R.B.I.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re trying to find at-bats for him, because he\u2019s swinging really well,\u201d Yankees Manager Joe Girardi said before Friday\u2019s game. \u201cAnd hopefully it continues.\u201d', u'Jones knocked a single in his first at-bat against the Angels, then scored the first run of the game on Stephen Drew\u2019s two-run home run in the second inning. He finished 1 for 3.', u'\u201cListen, we brought him here,\u201d General Manager Brian Cashman said of Jones, who was acquired from the Marlins in the trade for Nathan Eovaldi. \u201cHe has a swing geared for this type of place, and he\u2019s got power, and he can give us some choices.\u201d', u'Before the recent offensive outburst, though, Jones struggled, his batting average sitting below .200 for most of May. He was pressing, he said, trying to prove himself worthy of the playing time but hurting his chances for it in the process. He aimed for an impossible standard of perfection.', u'\u201cMy mental approach was getting away from I know what I need to do to be successful,\u201d he said.', u'Now, Jones plays loose, relaxed, \u201cin the moment,\u201d he said. And his general manager has noticed.', u'\u201cI\u2019m just happy that he\u2019s productive,\u201d Cashman said. \u201cThe more you are successful, the more opportunities you get, so he\u2019s starting to earn more opportunities.\u201d', u'Cashman, though, was puzzled about the origins of Jones\u2019s recent success. \u201cI can\u2019t tell you what I attribute it to,\u201d he said.', u'Perhaps Kuhn, and the other soldiers Jones has met, can.']), ([u'Oakland Is Home to Championship Teams, All of Them Looking to Leave'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014 There are times at this ugly concrete complex next to the freeway when you wonder why anyone would rather be anywhere else.', u'It happens during ', u' games when the costumed inhabitants of the Black Hole lustily cheer, or when the denizens of Section 149 in the outfield bleachers are in full throat during another October rush for the underdog A\u2019s.', u'And it happens on nights like Thursday when the Warriors are raining 3-pointers from the rafters of Oracle Arena, and the opponent and the referee\u2019s whistle are no match for the roar of 20,000 hysterical fans wearing matching yellow T-shirts.', u'As the faithful congregate again for Game 2 of the N.B.A. finals against the Cleveland Cavaliers on Sunday evening, you cannot help thinking: Is this mighty Oakland\u2019s last hurrah as one of America\u2019s great professional sports cities?', u'\u201cThey could lose all three teams, no question, and it would be a great blow,\u201d said Art Spander, who has spent decades in the Bay Area writing for the likes of The San Francisco Chronicle and The San Francisco Examiner, and has lived in Oakland for about 50 years. \u201cOakland doesn\u2019t have the cachet of San Francisco, or the young turks that San Jose and Silicon Valley have.\u201d', u'It was not long ago that this diverse, troubled and revered port city by the bay, at turns derided and defended, considered too crime-ridden and too gentrified, was a place that sports franchises wanted to be.', u'When the Warriors arrived in 1971, Oakland had teams in all four major sports: the N.F.L., the N.B.A., the N.H.L. and Major League Baseball. Only six other American cities could make that boast at the time.', u'Now it is a place to flee. The Raiders, the A\u2019s and the Warriors are all looking to get out, seeing greener grass beyond their concrete-and-blacktop complex.', u'It is possible, if not likely, that the Oakland of 2020 will have no major teams.', u'The Warriors have plans to move back to San Francisco, to a glassy waterfront arena, as early as 2018. The Raiders and the A\u2019s, trying to disconnect from each other and from the decaying stadium they share, are threatening to leave, too \u2014 the Raiders back to Los Angeles, the A\u2019s to San Jose or anywhere else that welcomes them to a better ballpark.', u'Oakland was once the most successful sports city in the nation. The A\u2019s won three consecutive World Series from 1972 to 1974. The Warriors won the N.B.A. title in 1975. The Raiders won the Super Bowl at the end of the 1976 season.', u'They were anchors to a city that also welcomed the Oakland Oaks (of the American Basketball Association) and the Oakland Seals (N.H.L), World Team Tennis and indoor soccer, among others.', u'Part of Oakland\u2019s unique charm was \u2014 and is, for now \u2014 the geographic proximity of those teams. The Oakland-Alameda County Arena and Coliseum Complex opened in 1966. The stadium and the arena were built about 50 yards apart, connected by a small plaza, surrounded by a sea of parking places, and easily spotted from the freeway.', u'It has hardly changed since, a time capsule left unburied. But the landscape is shifting.', u'On Friday, N.B.A. Commissioner Adam Silver planned to meet with Warriors executives to discuss progress on an arena envisioned in San Francisco\u2019s Mission Bay neighborhood, a resurgent area south of downtown and about a mile south of the Giants\u2019 AT&T Park. It is private land, and the arena will be privately financed, the Warriors said, but ground has not been broken.', u'\u201cThis team needs a new arena, there is no doubt about that,\u201d Silver said before Thursday\u2019s game, though it was very likely that few in attendance for Golden State\u2019s 108-100 overtime victory thought to themselves that the night would be better if only the game were somewhere else.', u'The proposed site is across San Francisco Bay, but about 20 miles, over the Bay Bridge, by car.', u'\u201cFrom the league standpoint, we\u2019ve always seen this team as the Bay Area\u2019s team,\u201d Silver said.', u'That distinguishes the Warriors from the Raiders and the A\u2019s, cast as scruffy contrasts to their upright San Francisco counterparts, the 49ers and the Giants. The Warriors, who moved to San Francisco from Philadelphia in 1962, are a blend of those divided fan bases, unbound by geographic boundaries partly because they are the area\u2019s only N.B.A. team.', u'But there are concerns that the magic happening now at Oracle can be exported. Designs for the new arena include a low ceiling to help the noise rattle, the way it does at Oracle, but something as ethereal as game-time atmosphere cannot be transferred between arenas and stadiums like carry-on luggage. Some fans of the 49ers pine for the long-lost energy of dank, windy (and now-demolished) Candlestick Park, the type of distinguishable personality yet to emerge in the polished throne of Levi\u2019s Stadium in an office park of Santa Clara.', u'The Warriors represent the rare franchise escaping an already enviable position. Co-owned by Joe Lacob and Peter Guber, who bought the franchise in 2010, the Warriors have 131 consecutive sellouts dating to December 2012. They have what is generally regarded as the N.B.A.\u2019s best home-court advantage, measured by noise (110 decibels by one reading a couple of years ago) and standings (39-2 this last regular season).', u'Their popularity also made it reasonable to search for an arena that was not nearly 50 years old.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s unfortunate, but that\u2019s life in the world of sports now,\u201d said Rick Barry, the Hall of Fame player who led the Warriors to their last N.B.A. title, after the team moved to Oakland from San Francisco. \u201cThey want to go back to where their roots are, and you can\u2019t blame them. Where they are is antiquated.\u201d', u'The Raiders and the A\u2019s appear headed to divorce as co-inhabitants of what is now called O.co Coliseum. Each would like the other to leave, then find a way to build a one-sport stadium of its own.', u'The A\u2019s have tinkered with other stadium sites, including one near the water in Oakland (a mirrored hope, perhaps, of what the Giants have across the bay), and have a persistent suitor in San Jose. But Major League Baseball says that San Jose, at the southern edge of the bay, is Giants territory, leaving the A\u2019s stuck for now. They signed a lease extension last year that binds them in Oakland through 2018, and they have invested money in coliseum upgrades, like new video boards, to nudge the facility out of the 20th century.', u'Part of what makes O.co Coliseum a relatively inhospitable place to watch baseball is the wall of seats and suites that were built 20 years ago to entice the Raiders to return from Los Angeles, where the owner Al Davis took them in 1982. They block what had been a serene view of the Oakland hills beyond the outfield and eliminated the type of pavilion that so many new ballparks now relish.', u'The Raiders, now run by Davis\u2019s son, Mark, could be the first of the three teams to leave Oakland \u2014 again. With no serious alternatives closer to home, the Raiders have connected with the San Diego Chargers in a stadium bid in Carson, a Los Angeles suburb. The St. Louis Rams have eyes on Los Angeles, too, at the site of the former Hollywood Park racetrack.', u'With momentum building to return a N.F.L. team to Los Angeles, it seems that some combination of those three franchises \u2014 one or two of them \u2014 could move there in the next couple of years. N.F.L. owners will discuss the topic at meetings in August.', u'\u201cHow much more disrespect can Oakland tolerate from its ungrateful three sports franchises?\u201d Dave Newhouse, a retired longtime columnist for The Oakland Tribune, wrote recently in an essay published in Bay Area newspapers. \u201cThere isn\u2019t another sports town anywhere that has enjoyed more success or endured more grief from its sports tenants than Oakland, the carpetbagger capital of America.\u201d', u'That backdrop permeates what might be a high point in Oakland sports history. The Warriors sit three victories away from their first championship in 40 years, and from bringing Oakland its first major pro sports championship since the A\u2019s won an earthquake-interrupted World Series in 1989.', u'That championship came over a team from San Francisco. Interesting if the next one \u2014 what could be the last one \u2014 is won by a team headed back there itself.']), ([u'Red Sox\u2019 Pitching Change Is Paying Off'], [u'BOSTON \u2014 It was hard to play much worse than the ', u' did while losing on Thursday at Fenway Park. They blew a four-run lead, made three errors and ran the bases poorly, and their $95 million free-agent switch-hitter, Pablo Sandoval, went 0 for 4 while batting left-handed against left-handed pitchers. The forgiving American League East standings, at least, give the Red Sox hope. And as badly as they looked at the end of their four-game series with Minnesota, their pitchers did string together four quality starts. A group that looked overmatched early has settled down under a new pitching coach, Carl Willis.', u'The Red Sox traded Jon Lester and John Lackey last summer and would not meet Philadelphia\u2019s asking price over the winter for the ace left-hander Cole Hamels. Without an ace, the starters soon confirmed fans\u2019 fears with a 5.86 earned run average through the first 33 games.', u'But in the next 22, through the Twins series, Boston starters had a 3.34 E.R.A. That period coincides roughly with the hiring of Willis to replace Juan Nieves on May 9. Nieves helped the Red Sox to a championship in 2013, but after last year\u2019s dismal follow-up season, patience was low.', u'\u201cYou tend to know when something\u2019s going to happen,\u201d starter Clay Buchholz said. \u201cIf you\u2019re doing bad, something\u2019s going to happen. If they could fire us all and not pay us a dime, that\u2019s what they would do. Everybody knows that.', u'\u201cBut that\u2019s not the case \u2014 because we have the best union in the world \u2014 so that makes it look like it\u2019s all Juan\u2019s fault. He really had nothing to do with it. We\u2019re the pitchers; we\u2019re the ones going out there and throwing.\u201d', u'Buchholz continued: \u201cSometimes change is good. Sometimes hearing the same exact thing in different lingo turns the light on in your head.\u201d', u'Willis was the pitching coach for Cleveland from 2003 to 2009 and for Seattle from 2010 to 2013. He was working for the Indians\u2019 Class AAA Columbus affiliate before the Red Sox hired him. In his last game there \u2014 after taking the Boston job but before reporting \u2014 a top Red Sox prospect, Eduardo Rodriguez, pitched against Columbus.', u'\u201cYou know what, Columbus got to him \u2014 actually, in the first inning,\u201d Willis said. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t his best game that he\u2019d pitched in Triple A, but you could see the ability, you could see the fastball, the ease of how he got his velocity, the changeup. Bob Kipper and his staff in Pawtucket have done a great job in improving that slider. So you saw the potential.\u201d', u'Rodriguez, a 22-year-old left-hander acquired from Baltimore last July for Andrew Miller, has dazzled in his first two starts for Boston, winning both with an 0.61 E.R.A. Buchholz is healthy \u2014 after spending at least some part of June on the disabled list in each of the last five seasons \u2014 and has a 1.95 E.R.A. in five starts since Willis was hired.', u'\u201cJuan was really knowledgeable, and had a really positive outlook about everything going on,\u201d Buchholz said. \u201cCarl, if I\u2019ve been doing something, he\u2019s like: \u2018Stop there for a second, this is what I see. If you don\u2019t feel this, tell me to hit the road, but this is what I see.\u2019 Regardless of being a professional athlete, sometimes you need some guidance when things aren\u2019t going good.\u201d', u'Manager John Farrell, who worked in Cleveland\u2019s front office when Willis coached for the Indians, said Willis simplified each pitcher\u2019s strengths and gave clear-cut game plans. For the Red Sox to succeed, Willis must coax more consistency from Rick Porcello and Wade Miley and help Joe Kelly translate his fastballs, which average almost 96 miles an hour, into victories.', u'\u201cI\u2019m excited about our staff,\u201d Willis said. \u201cFrom Day 1, I had Porcello coming to me for help with his cutter, Buchholz talking about his pitch usage. I thought it was going to take some time to build trust, and it has, but it\u2019s gone a lot more quickly than I anticipated because of them.\u201d', u'Stabilizing the staff should help in time, but only if the rest of the team makes it count. The Red Sox had the league\u2019s worst record in May (10-19), and entered the weekend with an on-base plus slugging percentage of .683, ahead of only the Chicago White Sox in the A.L.', u'A new slugger from Las Vegas rumbled onto the scene last week when Joey Gallo became the first player in Texas Rangers history to launch home runs in his first two games. Gallo, 21, is the youngest of a Nevada-born group that includes Washington\u2019s Bryce Harper, 22, and the Chicago Cubs\u2019 Kris Bryant, 23.', u'The godfather of Las Vegas hitters is Jason Giambi, now retired after 20 eventful seasons and 440 home runs. When Gallo was growing up, his father worked as a pitching instructor at a baseball facility owned by Giambi. They have known each other for more than a decade, and at the All-Star Futures Game last summer, Gallo said they had worked together five times a week for three months before the season.', u'Gallo, a left-handed hitter, hit 42 home runs in the minors in 2014 and nine more this season before his promotion. Giambi watched from afar with pride.', u'\u201cThe biggest thing about Joey is, he is growing as a hitter at a rapid rate,\u201d Giambi said. \u201cGreat student, unbelievable power. Awesome kid, too.\u201d', u'Giambi also offered this tidbit about his prized student: \u201cPeople don\u2019t realize, he can throw about 100 miles an hour pitching.\u201d', u'For now, Gallo is doing fine at third base as a replacement for Adrian Beltre, who has an injured thumb. Gallo also played first base and left field in the minors this season, which should give Texas options when Beltre returns.', u'A distinctive ballpark quirk will be retired next season when the Houston Astros eliminate their 10-degree uphill slope in faraway center field at Minute Maid Park. The incline, which includes a padded flagpole in play, has been part of the ballpark since it opened in 2000.', u'The Astros are funding a $15 million renovation of Minute Maid Park, and sought feedback from players and fans on a plan to renovate the space to include bars, concessions and field-level seats.', u'Tal Smith, the former Astros president, suggested the hill as one of several ideas that could give the stadium its own charm. Architects took him up on it, and the area has been called Tal\u2019s Hill ever since. Smith, 81, said he did not expect the hill to last this long after an ownership change in 2011, and he will miss it.', u'\u201cI frankly thought it created a lot of exciting moments,\u201d Smith said. \u201cI favor highlight catches, sometimes, to home runs. I think it\u2019s always more exciting when you\u2019ve got players moving around and making plays \u2014 that\u2019s a highlight. I think we have enough home runs, and I think this is going to affect the balance, at least initially.\u201d', u'Part of the reason the Astros thought the distant hill made sense, Smith said, was that the footprint of the ballpark necessitated a short porch in left field. Now, center field will be pulled in to 409 feet from 436 \u2014 still relatively far from the plate, but without the quirky hill that has never been the injury risk that some people feared.', u'\u201cI think it was a unique and identifying characteristic of the ballpark,\u201d Smith said, \u201cand I hate to see it go for that reason.\u201d', u'The major leagues\u2019 most fervent Tampa Bay Lightning fan grew up in Southern California, began his career in New York and now plays in Minnesota.', u'\u201cEverybody wants me to be a Wild fan, and in New York, everybody wanted me to be a Rangers fan,\u201d Phil Hughes said. \u201cThen they\u2019re like, \u2018Well, O.K., at least just be a Ducks fan.\u2019 It\u2019s just kind of funny how it worked out.\u201d', u'Hughes, the Twins\u2019 right-hander, lived near the Lightning\u2019s arena during spring training when he pitched for the Yankees. He became friends with members of the team, who would leave him tickets and passes for the players\u2019 parking lot.', u'\u201cAs convenient as it was, I was like, \u2018I\u2019ve got nothing going on, let\u2019s just go to the game,\u2019 \u201d Hughes said. \u201cIt became kind of a ritual with me and a couple of guys I played with in the minor leagues, Colin Curtis and P. J. Pilittere.\u201d', u'Hughes, who cannot skate and follows no other sports closely, has maintained his allegiance. He watched intently on Wednesday as the Lightning tried to hold a one-goal lead in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup finals. To Hughes\u2019s dismay, the Chicago Blackhawks scored twice in the third period for a 2-1 victory as they chase their third title since 2010.', u'Hughes said his N.H.L. friends have told him Western Conference teams were more physical than those in the East, so he was concerned the Lightning would look overmatched in Game 1. He did not predict a series victory, but he was not discouraged.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019ll go seven, and flip a coin in Game 7,\u201d he said. \u201cHopefully, it shakes out in Tampa\u2019s favor \u2014 because, I mean, you get spoiled if you win three championships in six years. Let somebody else have it.\u201d', u'Alex Killorn, who scored for the Lightning in Game 1, once rented Hughes\u2019s condominium in Tampa. Hughes is close with Nate Thompson, a former Tampa Bay center who now plays for the Ducks. Another friend, the former Tampa Bay wing Ryan Malone, now lives near Hughes in Minnesota.', u'Hughes tweets frequently about the Lightning, who sent him a care package before the playoffs with a T-shirt, a hat and a Steven Stamkos jersey. The jersey hangs proudly in his locker at Target Field, but that is where it stays.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t wear it, because you know that rule,\u201d Hughes said. \u201cYou can\u2019t wear a jersey of somebody younger than you.\u201d']), ([u'A Stooper at Belmont Chases the Jackpot'], [u'\u201cThis is my main turf,\u201d Frankie Abbate, 52, said, weaving his way through a sea of bettors in the grandstand area of ', u' Racetrack on Friday just after the seventh race.', u'He patrolled the spots where horseplayers gathered to watch the track, both outside and on the many simulcast screens indoors.', u'He dipped in and out of the crowd, scouring the floor for the next little white slip of paper detailing some poor chump\u2019s pick for the order of finish.', u'Mr. Abbate, who scoops slips like a shortstop, quickly viewed each one, then ripped it up and moved on, leaving tickets behind in tatters.', u'Mr. Abbate is a stooper, a racetrack denizen who sees a bounty in the endless quantities of betting slips tossed aside by others. The idea is to sort through enough discarded slips to come away with a few winners mistakenly discarded by distracted or inexperienced horseplayers.', u'Stoopers have long been part of horse racing subculture, prowling the fringes of the tracks for found money. They once swarmed tracks like Belmont, but with advances in computerized betting and declines in crowds, few remain.', u'\u201cThe golden years are over,\u201d said Mr. Abbate, a computer systems technician from nearby Valley Stream, N.Y. \u201cYou still have people who make a living at it. I just do it on the weekends.\u201d', u'But in special years when a horse is bidding for the ', u', as American Pharaoh was on Saturday, there are so many attendees at the Belmont Stakes that it becomes the Super Bowl of stooping, attracting voucher vultures from all over the country to swoop in on the blizzard of betting slips left behind.', u'By the eighth race on Friday, Mr. Abbate was scooping tickets outside by the finish line as a roar steadily built among the crowd. Javier Castellano was riding Rock Fall to an impressive victory some 100 yards away on the track, and Mr. Abbate could not have cared less.', u'A hardened stooper is not distracted by live action or odds making. The real action is down there on the ground.', u'The ever-frenetic Mr. Abbate said he was operating in low gear on Friday. \u201cI have to save myself for tomorrow,\u201d he said.', u'As excited as he was about the expected windfall from betting slips on Saturday, he confessed that the prospect of American Pharaoh winning the crown would make even a hardened stooper like himself pause for a precious minute or two to watch the race and perhaps even cheer.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve been coming to Belmont for 30 years and I\u2019ve never seen a Triple Crown win,\u201d he said, heading for the next trash can, where he grabbed a sheaf of tickets and then tore them up after checking them, as is the etiquette of ripping up tickets confirmed to be losers, to save then next stooper the trouble.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s the protocol \u2014 you rip up the slips after you check them,\u201d he said. \u201cI really get upset when other stoopers don\u2019t do that.\u201d', u'He read a selection off one ticket that did not come close to finishing in the money.', u'\u201cOoh, this guy was way off,\u201d he said. \u201cHow do you bet 200 bucks on a race? That\u2019s insane.\u201d', u'Mr. Abbate wore a green Army-style jacket and a pair of worn leather boots that he bought specifically for the ankle support necessary for stepping through crowds.', u'\u201cI wear special shoes because you have to support your ankles,\u201d he said. \u201cI also exercise for this. I ride my bike to stay in shape for it.\u201d', u'\u201cStooping itself is good exercise,\u201d he said, pulling up his jacket to show his trim frame. \u201cThat\u2019s why I\u2019m so thin.\u201d', u'The most important people at Belmont for Mr. Abbate are the employees paid to sweep the floor between races. He asks them to sweep the slips into neat piles for him to sift through.', u'\u201cSo when I win, I make sure I tip those guys,\u201d said Mr. Abbate, who lives close enough to the track that he stays late walking through the stands looking for slips New York has had its share of stooping legends, including Jesus Leonardo, a family man who claimed to have worked an OTB parlor in Midtown Manhattan for nearly half a million dollars\u2019 worth of winning tickets, before the ', u' parlors closed several years back.', u'There is still ', u', where he supplements his stooping income by scouring video slot machines at Resorts World Casino for unclaimed jackpots.', u'Mr. Abbate said his own biggest finds included a race at Arlington Park when two horses were disqualified after a review, which allowed a discarded losing ticket he held to suddenly turn into a $900 winner.', u'\u201cYou do it for the thrill of finding that big ticket,\u201d he said. \u201cOne day I\u2019ll find my big one. Five grand, that\u2019s all I want. Man, I dream about that.\u201d']), ([u'Novak Djokovic Tops Andy Murray to Reach French Open Final'], [u'PARIS \u2014  After ', u' outclassed his first five opponents, including the ultimate clay-court master, Rafael Nadal, he finally had to overcome stiff resistance at this ', u'.', u' gave it his best, hustling and taking risks and exploring the edges of his considerable talent. But in the end, after two days of extended rallies and athleticism on the full stretch, Murray could manage only to push Djokovic to a fifth set in Saturday\u2019s semifinal.', u'Djokovic\u2019s 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 5-7, 6-1 victory put him into Sunday\u2019s final, where he will face Stan Wawrinka of Switzerland, the No. 8 seed.', u'Wawrinka, who closed out his semifinal victory over Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday, winning by 6-3, 6-7 (1), 7-6 (3), 6-4, got to take Saturday easy. He sneaked occasional peeks at the end of the Djokovic-Murray match (it was halted at 3-3 in the fourth set on Friday) on a big video screen as he trained on an outside court.', u'Djokovic, the No. 1 seed, is 17-3 against Wawrinka, but they have gone five sets in their last two Grand Slam encounters. Wawrinka beat Djokovic in the quarterfinals of the 2014 Australian Open on his way to his first major singles title; Djokovic won in the semifinals of the Australian Open this year on his way to his eighth Grand Slam singles title.', u'Neither man has won the French Open.']), ([u'A Storied Trainer and a Witness to History'], [u'OLD BROOKVILLE, N.Y. \u2014  At the end of a long and winding road shaded by trees sit two brick houses owned by a father and son who have often resided at the top of the thoroughbred industry. A sign with jockey silks and the name Nerud points the way.', u'John A. Nerud, a trainer and breeder who was inducted into the National Museum of Racing\u2019s Hall of Fame in 1972, is 102 now and as feisty as ever. His son, Jan, is also a former trainer.', u'John Nerud has a direct connection to American Pharoah, who became the 12th horse to win the ', u' on Saturday. Nerud bred and owned Fappiano, a great-great-grandfather to American Pharoah. Fappiano was named after the New York Times sportswriter Joseph C. Nichols, whose given name was Giuseppe Fappiano, and was trained by Jan Nerud.', u'Fappiano even had the gentle demeanor of American Pharoah, unless he lost. Then he was known to throw tantrums.', u'\u201cThat horse over there made me about $12 million \u2014 that\u2019s pretty good, ain\u2019t it?\u201d Nerud said of Fappiano, whose picture is on his office wall.', u'Nerud called American Pharoah\u2019s trainer, Bob Baffert, before the race to wish him luck.', u'\u201cRight after the ', u', I didn\u2019t want to call him because I knew he would be getting a lot of calls,\u201d Nerud said. \u201cI know exactly how that goes.\u201d', u'In 1957, Nerud won the ', u' with Gallant Man, who set the Belmont record in a time of 2:26 3/5, later broken in 1973 by Secretariat, whose record still stands. American Pharoah effectively equaled Gallant Man\u2019s time. Gallant Man just missed winning the Derby that year because the jockey Bill Shoemaker misjudged the finish line and Iron Liege blew by him.', u'\u201cYou can\u2019t turn the clock back; Shoemaker just made a mistake and pulled him up,\u201d Nerud said. \u201cBut what are you going to do? If you\u2019re a gentleman, you say nothing; you eat it and go home.\u201d', u'Nerud, who stewed privately, decided to skip the Preakness and focus on the Belmont. But he had never trained a horse to go a mile and a half. Then he remembered what the Hall of Fame trainer Ben Jones had once told him.', u'\u201cI was sitting there on my pony, training horses, and I looked at him and I said, \u2018I haven\u2019t the slightest idea what to do to train this horse to go a mile and a half,\u2019\xa0\u201d Nerud said. \u201cThen I looked over at the jumpers, and they were working their horses five-eighths and running them a mile and half. I just shook my head. I remember now what Ben Jones told me: \u2018Don\u2019t train a horse to a race; race him to a race.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'The horse that occupies the most space in Nerud\u2019s home \u2014 a veritable racing museum filled with trophies, plaques, newspaper clippings and winner\u2019s-circle photos \u2014 is the Hall Fame inductee Dr. Fager.', u'In 1968, Dr. Fager, named after the neurosurgeon who saved Nerud\u2019s life after a fall from his pony, became the only thoroughbred to win four championships in one year: sprinter, turf horse, handicap horse and horse of the year.', u'\u201cDr. Fager was probably the best horse that ever raced in America,\u201d Nerud said. \u201cNot only did he win championships; he won every championship there was to win.\u201d', u'Nerud, who saddled more than 1,000 winners, including 27 in stakes races, spent most of his 44-year training career as a trainer, president and general manager of William L. McKnight\u2019s Tartan Farms in Ocala, Fla. When Nerud retired from training in 1978, he stayed on at Tartan as manager of racing and breeding.', u'\u201cI never called him anything but Mr. McKnight, and he never called me anything but Mr. Nerud,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd we were together when he died. He was a wonderful, wonderful man. He was a country man, he had a high school education, and he was a preacher\u2019s son. And we were raised close together, and we understood each other.\u201d', u'Nerud was born in Minatare, Neb. When he was 5, he received a horse from his father. At 13, he was sent alone to take care of cows on his family\u2019s ranch. He credits that horse, Old Red, with saving his life when he became lost in a blizzard.', u'\u201cI turned the old horse loose, and in about a half-hour, he took me to a gate, and I knew where I was,\u201d he said. \u201cSo horses are not dumb.\u201d', u'In the early 1980s, Nerud helped John R. Gaines develop his idea for the Breeders\u2019 Cup, and he served as chairman of its marketing committee for 15 years. \u201cYou have great sires, you have great yearlings to sell, but if there\u2019s no racing, there\u2019s no market,\u201d Nerud said.', u'Besides mentoring his son, Nerud has passed on his knowledge to some of the game\u2019s biggest names, including D. Wayne Lukas, who secured his first victory in a Triple Crown race when Codex, a horse owned by Nerud, won the 1980 Preakness. Lukas then jump-started the careers of successful trainers like Todd Pletcher and Kiaran McLaughlin, who each had horses in Saturday\u2019s Belmont.', u'The only other living Triple Crown-winning trainer, Billy Turner, who secured the sweep with Seattle Slew in 1977, also counts Nerud as a mentor.', u'\u201cNow there\u2019s a guy who I learned so much from,\u201d Turner, 75, said. \u201cHe was the best spokesman for the game that there ever was.\u201d', u'Nerud\u2019s favorite Triple Crown winner was Affirmed, in 1978, but not just because of his ability, but also because of his nemesis, Alydar.', u'\u201cHe beat Alydar by a nose, and Alydar went to stud and was one of the greatest studs that ever lived,\u201d Nerud said. \u201cAnd Affirmed never became much of a stud. They were both good horses. But Alydar was a great horse \u2014 he was the best horse I\u2019ve ever seen run second.\u201d', u'Nerud does not watch many races these days; he listens to them. Even then, he has a hard time hearing. So he relies on his old racetrack friends to recap them for him.', u'Asked about his health last week, Nerud said jokingly: \u201cHow do you think it is? I can\u2019t see, I can\u2019t hear, I can\u2019t walk.\u201d', u'The Neruds believed that American Pharoah would be tough to beat in the Belmont, and they were right.', u'\u201cIt all comes down to trainer and horse right now,\u201d the son said before the race.', u'Especially the trainer.', u'\u201cHe better be a superior horse, and he better not have trained him too darn much,\u201d the father said, smiling.', u'On Saturday, Nerud got his answer, and he was beaming once again.']), ([u'Third Time Is a Chore as Serena Williams Wins French Open Title'], [u'PARIS \u2014  ', u' was too ill to get out of bed for most of Friday. She was too tightly wound to close out what would have been a routine straight-set victory against Lucie Safarova on Saturday.', u'But as Williams\u2019s increasingly remarkable tennis career has made clear, she is never more dangerous than when cornered.', u'This obstacle course of a ', u' provided reminders in nearly every round as Williams hit, shrieked, swore and coughed her way through all kinds of trouble, including five three-set matches and a nasty case of the flu.', u'Saturday\u2019s 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2 victory over Safarova was a fitting finale to what might have been Williams\u2019s most challenging run to a Grand Slam singles title.', u'\u201cI probably topped for my most difficult time to win,\u201d she said.', u'She has 20 major singles titles now, the third most on the women\u2019s list behind Margaret Court, with 24, and Steffi Graf, with 22.', u'\u201cTwenty is a nice, round number,\u201d said Patrick Mouratoglou, Williams\u2019s coach.', u'Graf, the former German star who was in Paris this week for sponsor commitments, may not stand alone in second place for long, with Wimbledon and the ', u' still to play this year.', u'\u201cSerena\u2019s an incredible athlete,\u201d Graf told the French sports newspaper L\u2019Equipe in an interview printed on Saturday. \u201cIn my view, she has shots \u2014 weapons, in fact \u2014 that are unique in the history of the game.\u201d', u'Graf was the last singles player to complete a true Grand Slam by sweeping all four major titles in the same calendar year. But ', u' after winning the Australian Open and the French Open this year. She has won three majors in a row, including the 2014 United States Open.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019d be awesome,\u201d Williams said of the Grand Slam. \u201cBut at the end of the day, it\u2019s pretty awesome to have 20. Obviously, I would love to win a Grand Slam. I haven\u2019t done great at Wimbledon the past two years, so I\u2019m going to take it a day at a time there.\u201d', u'But if Williams could win this major title despite all the obstacles on the red clay that has traditionally been her weakest surface, what major title can\u2019t she win?', u'\u201cIt makes this trophy really special,\u201d she said, between blowing her nose and coughing during the postmatch news conference. \u201cI really wanted it. I wanted to win so bad.\u201d', u'That was abundantly clear early in the third set, when Safarova jumped to a 2-0, 30-0 lead, only to see it evaporate in the face of Williams\u2019s power, foul-mouthed intensity and will-do spirit.', u'Williams swore after aces, swore as she walked to her chair and swore as she got up to leave it, finally earning a code violation for an audible obscenity.', u'\u201cI got so frustrated,\u201d she said. \u201cI pretty much gave the match away. I think she played really well, but at the same time, I gave it to her.\u201d', u'But Williams soon snatched it back, winning the final six games \u2014 even hitting a left-handed forehand in one desperate and successful attempt to stay in a rally \u2014 to claim her third French Open singles title to go with her victories in 2002 and 2013.', u'\u201cExperience kind of kicked in on the other side of the net,\u201d said Rob Steckley, Safarova\u2019s coach. \u201cYou\u2019ve got to be extremely hungry and can\u2019t be a nice girl. You\u2019ve got to dig deep and get yourself dirty and not be afraid to go for the win. That\u2019s what Serena does best. She does what she needs to do to intimidate the other players and push them back off the baseline.\u201d', u'Steckley, like so many sitting in the stands before him for big matches, could see (and hear) it coming.', u'\u201cOnce she ripped her first screamer forehand after six unforced errors, and then suddenly there was not a ball Lucie could really hit,\u201d he said. \u201cSerena has that ability. She can go off for a while and then she gets the rhythm back, and she locks in. She\u2019s like an F-16. Lock. Target. Die.\u201d', u'For about an hour, this final looked like a straightforward coronation. Williams led by 6-3, 4-1 and went up, 40-15, on her serve after a forehand winner that she celebrated with two kangaroo jumps. But then matters \u2014 as they did so often this year for Williams in Paris \u2014 became much more complicated.', u'First came a forehand winner from Safarova, then a backhand unforced error by Williams and then, most surprisingly, two consecutive double faults and Safarova\u2019s first break of serve of the match.', u'That was only a blip, n\u2019est-ce pas?', u'Guess again. Safarova \u2014 a wide-eyed, 28-year-old Czech left-hander playing in her first major singles final \u2014 would go on to force a third set, breaking Williams when she served for the match at 6-5 with a flurry of winners on the stretch and the run.', u'But her comeback eventually ran into the force and historic heft of Williams on a mission.', u'\u201cI just couldn\u2019t find any weapon that could stop her,\u201d said Safarova, now 0-9 against Williams.', u'This French Open was a challenge even before it began for Williams, who withdrew from the Italian Open with an elbow injury and arrived in Paris with no tournament victories on clay this year.', u'Once at Roland Garros, she had to deal with a bout of the flu that left her feverish and unsteady on her feet in a three-set semifinal comeback win over Timea Bacsinszky on Thursday. She said she stayed in bed at her Paris apartment until \u201c4 or 5\u201d p.m. Friday, then went for a walk, only to feel worse. She said she briefly considered withdrawing.', u'She picked that as her low point of a tournament that was full of lows and highs.', u'\u201cOut of 10 \u2014 a 10 being like take me to the hospital \u2014 I went from like a 6 to a 12 in a matter of two hours,\u201d she said. \u201cI was just miserable. I was literally in my bed shaking, and I was just shaking, and I just started thinking positive.\u201d', u'But thinking gets you only so far in tennis. It is the doing that matters most, and Williams did plenty in Paris this year \u2014 shrugging off the shakes, blown leads, big deficits and others\u2019 ambitions to generate the angles and the winners when she needed them most.', u'She is now 20-4 in Grand Slam singles finals, and far from content to stop there.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s a reason why she has 20 Slams under her belt,\u201d Steckley said. \u201cIt\u2019s something in her, something in the blood. I think Lucie has it. She just doesn\u2019t realize how much she has it, but then maybe it\u2019s an intimidating thing. Lucie might be afraid of that inner beast.\u201d', u'Williams, one of the most prolific tennis champions, has no such identity crisis.']), ([u'Divine Intervention Is a Hope, Not a Horse, in the Belmont'], [u'Just a few dozen furlongs from Belmont Park lies the grave site of Rabbi Menachem Mendel Schneerson, the ', u' of the Lubavitcher group of Hasidic Jews. Since Schneerson died in 1994, Jews from all over the world have made a pilgrimage to Montefiore Cemetery to pay homage to the charismatic rebbe.', u'Many visitors write notes on small pieces of paper and toss them onto his grave, believing that the rebbe will deliver the messages to God.', u'On Thursday, Schneerson\u2019s grave had an unusual visitor.', u'Victor Espinoza, who was trying to win horse racing\u2019s revered ', u' aboard American Pharoah on Saturday, paid his respects. Espinoza is not Jewish. He does not consider himself religious, either.', u'Espinoza said he made his visit at the behest of a friend, whom he declined to identify but said was not Ahmed Zayat, American Pharoah\u2019s owner, who has donated heavily to Orthodox Jewish causes.', u'\u201cI was just curious,\u201d Espinoza said Friday outside the jockey room. \u201cTo me, life is all about learning.\u201d', u'If there is someone who might appreciate the value of learning \u2014 as well as any help from a higher power \u2014 it is Espinoza. This was his third crack at winning the Triple Crown, something he was unable to do aboard War Emblem in 2002 and California Chrome last year.', u'Each step of the Triple Crown brings a greater sense of ecstasy, attention and scrutiny \u2014 making the disappointment of falling short all the heavier.', u'\u201cI learned the most important thing \u2014 not to lose,\u201d Espinoza said. \u201cThe other two times, I felt like a loser. Hopefully, this time is different.\u201d', u'Since Affirmed won the Triple Crown in 1978, 14 horses have swept the first two legs, the ', u' and the ', u'. Espinoza, who races mostly on the West Coast, does not have an enviable record at Belmont. Entering Friday, he had won just four of 73 races, according to Equibase. He was scheduled to run two races Friday.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a lot of pressure, but if I was in his position, that\u2019s a good pressure,\u201d said the jockey Joel Rosario, who won the 2013 Kentucky Derby aboard Orb but finished fourth in the Preakness and third in the Belmont. \u201cTo have a horse that wins the Kentucky Derby, then the Preakness and then he has a good chance to win the Belmont? That doesn\u2019t happen every day.\u201d', u'Zayat said he was certain he had the right jockey.', u'\u201cHe has ridden the horse before with confidence,\u201d said Zayat, whose horse is trained by Bob Baffert. \u201cHe\u2019s ridden brilliantly. Since he\u2019s gotten on the horse, he\u2019s been undefeated, so I have a lot of confidence in him. It seems like he\u2019s peaking and maturing as a jock.\u201d', u'Asked if he would have a message for Espinoza, Zayat said, \u201cBe safe and make history.\u201d', u'Rosario was to ride Frosted, who was a 5-1 bet \u2014 second to American Pharoah (3-5) \u2014 and was well rested, skipping the Preakness after placing fourth in the Kentucky Derby. Rosario called the Preakness, which American Pharoah won handily, a one-horse race but said the mile-and-a-half Belmont was a different race, longer than anyone had run before.', u'Rosario smiled when he was asked if he was prepared to be the villain.', u'\u201cWell, we want to see the Triple Crown, but we want to win,\u201d Rosario said.', u'John Velazquez, who was to ride another contender, Materiality (6-1), said the length of the Belmont made it more unpredictable.', u'\u201cNone of these horses have run one and a half miles,\u201d Velazquez said. \u201cNo one knows until they run it how they\u2019re going to do. You have to be really patient.\u201d', u'That\u2019s a task often made simpler with a small field. Only eight horses were entered. But as history would suggest, it often takes a perfect confluence of events for a horse to win the Triple Crown. Not many have even come close.', u'\u201cYou can\u2019t win a race like this and make history and try to do something that hasn\u2019t been done in 37 years unless everything goes right,\u201d Zayat said. \u201cYou have to have the right trainer, the right jock, the right horse, the right everything.\u201d', u'Which perhaps explains why Espinoza took some time last week to ask for a little help from above.']), ([u"In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground"], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane.', u'In the impoverished country, where many live without electricity and unexploded ordnance litter rural areas, rugby is a sport that barely registers among the communist leaders.', u'So if the small grass area next door to the United States Ambassadors residence in the Lao capital is unavailable, the switch moves and passing drills take place in a nearby car park with plastic cones to try and deter the motorbikes.', u'Understandably, finding a field of their own is the priority for Lao Rugby Federation (LRF) partnerships and development advisor Megan Knight, who previously worked with USA Rugby.', u'"Pitches are the most important thing as the kids in most of the places where we are playing, play on dirt school grounds, they can\u2019t tackle, that\'s the thing that prevents them from improving," the American told Reuters.', u'"Because of the bombs, the mountains, the gravel there is just a lot of reasons why it is tough to find a space to play."', u"The Colorado native, who speaks fluent Lao and regularly plays for the women's international team, moved to Laos after using the internet to find rugby development opportunities in Asia.", u'During her time, Laos has seen a growing female interest in the game after the LRF partnered with two non-government organisations, ChildFund and Women Win, on the Sport for Development project.', u'In a country where many women marry in their mid-teens and often leave school early to help farm family lands, Knight said the rugby project was developing life skills, improving confidence and fostering role models.', u'One of those is 23-year-old Lao Khang, who had never heard of rugby three years ago before the LRF came to her small village in Nonghet district. She is now one of 2,000 that play the sport, also coaching and administrating at the body.', u'"She is such a celebrity when she goes back, everyone knows who she is, they see her on TV," said Knight.', u'"Most people in Nonghet don\'t get a chance to leave the country, let alone the district, so to see someone who hasn\u2019t even finished school go on and do all this stuff it really inspires kids to be involved ... there is huge benefit."', u'BIG HEARTS', u"Knight said poor internet and limited international rugby access meant none of the Laos women's team would recognise All Blacks centre Sonny Bill Williams.", u'But while playing numbers are growing, standards remain low. The women were beaten 17-0 by Malaysia and Philippines on Saturday before hosts Singapore walloped them 54-0.', u'Physicality is an obvious issue. Khang is one of the taller players in the squad at 1.60 metres (5-ft-3in), with three of the 12 below five feet.', u'"They like to always say they are small people with big hearts," Knight said.', u'While playing at the Olympics "would be great", social development goals are the priority. The sport\'s global governing body, World Rugby, has taken note.', u'"They are saying if a small country like Laos can get so many girls participating we need to learn from the model," Knight said.', u'LRF receive only limited funding from World Rugby but were given a grant to aid their work in a country which has never won an Olympic medal and where children normally play either football or sepak takraw, the volleyball-like game popular in South East Asia.', u'The SEA Games experience, a rare foreign trip, concludes for the team on Sunday before they fly back on Monday. It will have cost the LRF $20,000, around a fifth of the annual budget, with  no help from the Laos National Olympic Committee.', u"The team's eye-catching, flowery kits were donated by Hong Kong sponsors.", u'Knight said the job, which only became paid in September after four years, was rewarding but challenging.', u'"Sometimes it\'s really stressful, what Hong Kong do with 80 people we try to do with six. It takes us 14 hours driving to get to some of the places we are working. It\'s really hard but really fun."', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Paul Molitor\u2019s Attention to Detail Has Twins Off to Fast Start'], [u'BOSTON \u2014  The first impression Paul Molitor made on Trevor Plouffe was profound. It was a decade ago in Beloit, Wis., and Plouffe, now the third baseman and cleanup hitter for the ', u', was 19 years old. Molitor, a Hall of Famer with 3,319 career hits, was a roving instructor in the Twins\u2019 farm system.', u'\u201cI remember sitting on the bench with him, and he\u2019s studying the game in a way that I had never studied it,\u201d Plouffe said. \u201cI would just talk to my teammates or whatever, and here\u2019s this guy and he\u2019s ', u' the pitcher, and within the first inning he\u2019s telling me: \u2018This guy\u2019s got a tell. Look at the way his hands are on the off-speed pitch.\u2019 Then it was really obvious: How did I not pick that up? And it\u2019s continued over the years. He was always willing to work.\u201d', u'The Twins have been a surprise success this season, with a 32-23 record that included a blistering 20-7 performance in May. Molitor, now the Twins\u2019 new manager, is quick to cite the example of the Milwaukee Brewers, his primary team as a player, as a cautionary tale. The Brewers held first place for almost five months last season, then stumbled and missed the playoffs.', u'\u201cIn the end, it wasn\u2019t a very good story,\u201d Molitor said. \u201cSo I really push the whole you\u2019ve-got-today theory, regardless of whether we\u2019re 30-20 or 20-30. It\u2019s good to have a vision of where you think you can go, but you accomplish that by what you\u2019re trying to do today.\u201d', u'On Thursday, the Twins fell behind the Boston Red Sox by four runs early in the game. A three-run homer by Torii Hunter got them close, and they went ahead in the ninth on a bunt by Joe Mauer, a stolen base and an overthrow, earning an 8-4 win and a split of the four-game series.', u'The Twins are not the pushover most people expected after four consecutive losing seasons. The previous nine, under Manager Ron Gardenhire, had produced six American League Central titles. The recent futility forced a change.', u'And the Twins, as an organization, do not like change at all. Molitor is just their third manager since 1986.', u'\u201cWe really struggled with that, because Gardy was a loyal guy and he\u2019s been with us forever and we\u2019ve won with him at the helm,\u201d said General Manager Terry Ryan, now in his 30th year in the Twins\u2019 front office.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not sure how different things would be if Ron were still here. It might have gotten itself turned around, it might not have. But I\u2019m not sure we could have waited.\u201d', u'Molitor wears a Brewers cap on his plaque in Cooperstown, but in every other way he belongs to Minnesota. He grew up in St. Paul \u2014 Mauer, the veteran first baseman, attended Molitor\u2019s high school \u2014 and played at the University of Minnesota. He finished his career with the Twins, coached under Tom Kelly and Gardenhire, and worked with prospects.', u'\u201cYou just try to plant seeds, I think,\u201d Molitor said. \u201cAnd that\u2019s not a knock on what\u2019s happened here. Gardy is a friend, and his tenure here was tremendous, over all. But you just try to put your own stamp on the feel and the confidence.\u201d', u'Ryan said he liked Molitor\u2019s familiarity with the players and the city, and said his knowledge of many positions \u2014 he played everywhere on the field but pitcher and catcher \u2014 was important. Molitor was a popular hire, for sure, but a name and r\xe9sum\xe9 go only so far with players.', u'Molitor has endeared himself, quickly, by immersing himself in the details, the way he did in Beloit years ago. The players feel better prepared.', u'\u201cThe stuff that he notices \u2014 he sits in here when we play a new team, and he watches video,\u201d said closer Glen Perkins, who is perfect in 20 save chances. \u201cHow many managers do you see, like, scouting? He\u2019s legitimately watching pitchers\u2019 times, figuring out how often guys look in.', u'\u201cHe told Joe this year, \u2018This guy gets in a pattern of checking the runner,\u2019\xa0\u201d Perkins said in reference to Mauer, \u201cand Joe \u2014 he\u2019s got one stolen base this year \u2014 got on second and stole third. He\u2019s had times where he\u2019ll say, \u2018This guy in the outfield comes up slow, so when you\u2019re going from second to third, keep your eyes on the third-base coach, he might send you.\u2019 We\u2019ve done that two or three times this year. Little things like that have helped us gain an advantage we didn\u2019t have before.\u201d', u'The Twins are known for finding every possible edge and making more out of less. They had a $108 million payroll on opening day \u2014 higher than the Mets, but just fourth of five A.L. Central teams, ahead of only Cleveland. Their most expensive free-agent signings the last two seasons have done more harm than good: the injured Ricky Nolasco (four years, $49 million) has pitched poorly, and Ervin Santana (four years, $55 million) is serving an 80-game drug suspension.', u'A one-year, $10 million investment in Hunter, still productive in his 19th season, has worked better. Hunter has brought his usual direct style to the clubhouse, which he has turned \u2014 after home victories \u2014 into a virtual dance club, with lasers, strobe lights and a fog machine.', u'He is also an evangelist for the Twins\u2019 persona, which goes beyond the fundamentals they have emphasized since his first stint with the team, from 1997 to 2007.', u'\u201cThey called us little piranhas because we were wild,\u201d Hunter said. \u201cWe didn\u2019t care. If you wanted to fight, we\u2019d fight. That\u2019s the mentality you\u2019ve got to have. It\u2019s all about guts and glory. That\u2019s the Twins\u2019 way.\u201d', u'A less-celebrated part of the Twins\u2019 way has been their finesse pitching style. Rick Anderson, the previous pitching coach, recoiled at the suggestion that his staff pitched to contact, as a philosophy. But for years the Twins have had a low-walk, low-strikeout staff.', u'The raw numbers this season are similar \u2014 last in the majors in strikeouts, next to last in walks \u2014 but the new pitching coach, Neil Allen, said the ingredients were different.', u'Allen had been a minor league coach for Tampa Bay and an advocate for the changeup, a pitch he never mastered in a career spent largely with the Mets. But he said the pitch was essential to these Twins, who improved their E.R.A. to 3.91 from 4.57 last season.', u'\u201cThey\u2019ve developed confidence in it, so now it\u2019s nothing to see a guy throw 15, 18, 20 changeups in the game, where last year you wouldn\u2019t see a guy throw maybe 20 changeups the whole year,\u201d Allen said. \u201cThose are the things that we\u2019re changing \u2014 we\u2019re changing eye levels, pitching inside much more, trying to make hitters uncomfortable, exploiting weaknesses.\u201d', u'Perkins, who has a strong interest in analytics, knows that some numbers suggest the Twins\u2019 staff cannot sustain this success. Starters Kyle Gibson and Mike Pelfrey, in particular, have a dangerously high F.I.P. \u2014 fielding-independent pitching \u2014 a metric said to be more accurate than E.R.A. in measuring run prevention.', u'The basic translation is that all the contact against the Twins will eventually result in more hits. Perkins is not sure he buys it. The Twins\u2019 defense is sound, he said, and opponents do not seem to hit the ball hard.', u'\u201cWhen they\u2019ve had to, they\u2019ve made pitches, which is a difficult thing to do consistently,\u201d Perkins said. \u201cBut at the same time, they\u2019ve done it for two months. And it\u2019s weak contact. I have a hard time saying that those guys have been lucky.\u201d', u'Then again, the same numbers suggest that the rookie Trevor May has been unlucky. May, acquired from Philadelphia as a prospect in an astute deal for outfielder Ben Revere in 2013, stifled the Red Sox with seven shutout innings on Wednesday. He is 4-3 with a 4.45 E.R.A., but a 2.80 F.I.P.', u'Santana, 14-10 for Atlanta last season, should return next month, and Alex Meyer, a 6-foot-9 right-hander with strikeout stuff, is shifting to the bullpen in Class AAA. Offensive reinforcements \u2014 Oswaldo Arcia, Kennys Vargas \u2014 await at that level, while two of the minors\u2019 best prospects, Byron Buxton and Miguel Sano, lurk at Class AA.', u'\u201cSometimes you can rely too much on prospects,\u201d Ryan said. \u201cBut I think we\u2019ve in pretty good shape with the health of our farm system, up and down.\u201d', u'So the future is promising, whether or not the present is sustainable. In any case, the Twins have what their manager wants from them: a vision of where they think they can go.']), ([u'Blackhawks Lose 4-3 to Lightning in Game 2'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  The Chicago Blackhawks let a chance to take a 2-0 lead in the Stanley Cup Final get away.', u'Jason Garrison scored the tiebreaking power-play goal with 11:11 to play, rookie goalie Andrei Vasilevskiy relieved Ben Bishop twice to earn the victory, and the Tampa Bay Lightning beat the Blackhawks 4-3 in Game 2 on Saturday night to even the series.', u'"We\'re satisfied with the effort, not the result," Chicago captain Jonathan Toews said. "Sometimes they slip away from you. Give up goals every time we tied or got back into it."', u'Since going to a best-of-seven format in 1939, a team that takes a 2-0 series lead has won the final 44 of 49 times. Ten of the 12 teams that have won the first two games on the road have won the series.', u'Game 3 is Monday night in Chicago.', u'"We get to go home, get excited, play in our building," Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville said. "I\'m sure everyone will be loud with us coming back. We\'ll be all right."', u'Nikita Kucherov had a goal and an assist for the Lightning, who played with all the aggression they lacked in the third period of Game 1 when Chicago rallied late to win.', u'Tyler Johnson and Cedric Paquette also scored for Tampa Bay, which curiously made three goalie changes in the third period. The 20-year-old Vasilevskiy twice replaced starter Bishop and made five saves in 9:13 to earn his first NHL playoff win.', u'"Before we get going, and I hate to be that guy ... I will not answer a question about the goaltending or what happened tonight," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said.', u'"The one thing about Vasilevskiy, I know we have 2 unbelievably capable goaltenders," Cooper added. "When Bish had to leave, there wasn\'t an ounce of stress on anybody on our bench, including myself. The kid proved it when he went in. He was great."', u'Vasilevskiy has 16 regular-season games of NHL experience, and he had played in just two games since March 31. But the Russian came in for 92 seconds before Garrison scored the go-ahead goal, and he returned to finish the game with 7:41 to play, earning the victory.', u"Andrew Shaw and Teuvo Teravainen scored 2:16 apart early in the second period for the Blackhawks, who couldn't follow up their Game 1 comeback with another.", u"Just over five minutes after Seabrook scored, Garrison put the Lightning ahead when his shot deflected off a Chicago player in front of Corey Crawford, who stopped 20 shots in an uninspiring effort. The goal was just Garrison's second of the postseason.", u'"Just OK," Quenneville said of Crawford.', u'The Lightning again showed off the resilience that got them to this lofty height, improving to 4-0 in Game 2 of their four postseason series after going 1-3 in Game 1. Tampa Bay has lost two straight games only once in the entire playoffs.', u'The Lightning blamed their 2-1 loss in the opener on too much caution in the third period, when Chicago scored two late goals to win. Neither team showed any particular caution from the start of Game 2, skating aggressively and working hard for offensive chances.', u'Paquette put a long shot through heavy traffic late in the first period for his first goal since April 27, ending a 13-game drought.', u'Shaw made his biggest impact on Game 1 when he apparently bit Lightning defenseman Victor Hedman, but the aggressive forward affected Game 2 early in the second by getting in front of Bishop and outfighting Garrison for a loose puck.', u"During a power play moments later, Teravainen executed a give-and-go with Marian Hossa for his second goal in two games. The 20-year-old Teravainen scored the tying goal and assisted on Antoine Vermette's winner 1:58 apart in Chicago's Game 1 victory.", u'The Lightning swiftly tied it up on a back-to-the-net, between-his-own-legs deflection by Kucherov, the gifted Russian who scored 29 goals in the regular season.', u"Johnson then ended his five-game goal drought with his NHL-leading 13th goal of the postseason. Crawford probably should have saved the backhand by Johnson, but it slid across his sweater and dropped in for Johnson's first goal since Game 3 of the Eastern Conference finals.", u'"It\'s frustrating, for sure," Crawford said. "I felt good. But it\'s not good enough, especially when we get momentum. We score a goal on the power play and they come back with those two. Can\'t let that happen."', u'Seabrook evened it with 16:22 left in the third, teeing up a hard shot with no opposition after the Tampa Bay defense got distracted by Toews. Bishop claimed Hossa interfered with him on top of his crease, but the goal stood.', u"NOTES: Chicago's Bryan Bickell sat out his second straight game after getting hurt in Game 7 of the conference finals in Anaheim last weekend. The Blackhawks haven't disclosed the nature of Bickell's injury, but the forward said he passed the league's concussion tests. ... Quenneville coached his 200th playoff game. He joins Scotty Bowman and Al Arbour as the only coaches to do it. .. Toews had an assist to become the 92nd player to reach 100 playoff points."]), ([u'Netherlands Beat New Zealand for Winning World Cup Debut'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage.", u"Playing in their fourth World Cup, New Zealand were again denied a maiden victory when Lieke Martens' 33rd minute curling strike from outside the area sailed past the outstretched arms of Erin Nayler.", u'Considered the tournament dark horse by many, New Zealand stormed through qualifying, outscoring opponents 30-0, but failed to test Dutch keeper Loes Geurts.', u'The win moved the Netherlands to the top of Group A alongside Canada who opened the tournament with a 1-0 win over China.', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'When the Warriors Lost Home-Court Advantage to the Ice Follies'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  The Golden State Warriors are in the N.B.A. finals for the first time since 1975, playing Games 1 and 2 in the same arena they called home 40 years ago.', u'Back then, though, the Warriors did not have home-court advantage in the championship series against the Washington Bullets. They did not even have a home court, foiled by a scheduling conflict with the Ice Follies, a touring skating show, that forced the games to be moved to a different Bay Area arena.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s why it\u2019s the biggest upset in the N.B.A. finals,\u201d Rick Barry, the star of that Warriors team, said in a phone interview. \u201cEven in our own arena, they were scheduling other things in the spring. They didn\u2019t even think we would be there.\u201d', u'It remains one of the last examples of a professional sport not getting its way in the battleground of popular culture.', u'In 1975, the Ice Follies had its annual 10-day run in Oakland, scheduled in May, featuring the Olympic skater Janet Lynn, Big Bird and \u201ca contingent of Muppet characters from Sesame Street,\u201d an advertisement proclaimed in local newspapers. Tickets were $4.50 to $6.50, a dollar less for children.', u'\u201cThe Ice Follies have appeared here every year since 1967,\u201d Bill Cunningham, the Oakland Coliseum complex general manager, told the Oakland Tribune columnist Ed Levitt when the conflict loomed. \u201cThat\u2019s 60,000 to 70,000 people coming to the Oakland Arena for one week. We can\u2019t suddenly decide to bump these people.\u201d', u'So instead, the N.B.A., the Warriors and their fans were bumped.', u'\u201cWe had hoped that the N.B.A. would fit the dates when the arena is available,\u201d Cunningham explained in words that still apply, \u201cbut TV calls the shots.\u201d', u'In those days, the N.B.A.\u2019s now-familiar 2-2-1-1-1, best-of-seven format for alternating home games was not rigid. In the 1975 Western Conference finals against Chicago, Golden State played Games 1, 4, 5 and 7 at home, in Oakland. In the Eastern finals, the Bullets and the Boston Celtics alternated home games, traveling between each one.', u'For the championship series, the Bullets, with home-court advantage because of their better regular-season record, were given a choice: play Game 1 on the road in Oakland before returning home, or start the series at home but play Games 2 and 3 on the road at the Cow Palace in Daly City, at the southern edge of San Francisco. It was where the Warriors, as the San Francisco Warriors, had spent most of the 1960s.', u'The heavily favored Bullets chose to start at home, then lost Game 1.', u'It is impossible to imagine the apocalyptic response these days if something as sacred as an N.B.A. finals had to be moved from a team\u2019s home arena to accommodate something like an ice show. But in 1975, it was barely news. A few Bay Area newspapers wrote about it, but the location change was little more than a sentence or two in most articles about the series.', u'The Warriors did not complain much. At the Cow Palace, Barry scored 36 points in Game 2 and 38 in Game 3, both Golden State victories.', u'\u201cThe place was a rat hole, but I liked the baskets at the Cow Palace,\u201d Barry said. \u201cThey were like sewer pipes. Rims then didn\u2019t have springs, but the rims there were very forgiving.\u201d', u'The Warriors finished the four-game sweep back in Landover, Md., where Games 5 and 7 were scheduled, too. Had the series reached a Game 6, it would have played been in Oakland, after the Ice Follies had moved on.', u'Instead, after the Warriors won Game 4, the team plane returned to California. According to newspaper accounts, the airport in San Francisco was so overrun by fans that the plane was diverted \u2014 fittingly, to Oakland.', u'By fluke and Follies, then, Thursday\u2019s game was the first N.B.A. finals game at the Oakland arena (named Oracle Arena a few years ago) in its nearly 50-year history.', u'The Cow Palace, opened in 1941 with livestock shows primarily in mind, hosted many of the area\u2019s biggest events for decades. It hosted the 1960 Final Four and the 1967 N.B.A. All-Star Game. In 1964, it hosted a Beatles concert and, as it did eight years earlier, the Republican National Convention.', u'It is still there, hosting an annual rodeo, circuses and the occasional ice show. (Scheduled at the Cow Palace this month: Crossroads of the West Gun Show and High Times Cannabis Cup, billed as the world\u2019s leading marijuana trade show.)', u'The Warriors moved from Philadelphia to take up residence at the Cow Palace in 1962. They played there for most of the decade, except for two seasons at San Francisco Civic Auditorium. When the Warriors reached the finals (and lost) in 1964 and 1967, they played their games at the Cow Palace.', u'Across the bay in Oakland, the Oakland-Alameda County Coliseum Arena opened in 1966. It attracted an N.H.L. expansion team, the Oakland Seals. A year later, its tenants included an inaugural American Basketball Association franchise, the Oakland Oaks.', u'The Warriors filled in a few open dates on the calendar at the gleaming arena, even playing 18 home games there during the 1967-68 season. By then, the Warriors had already bounced between arenas in the postseason, where schedules are impossible to predict, and teams of the era had to work around the likes of circuses and ice shows.', u'The Warriors opened the 1967 playoffs in Oakland against the Los Angeles Lakers, but they played the rest of their home games at home, across the bay, on the way to losing the championship series to the Philadelphia 76ers.', u'In a 1968 playoff series with the St. Louis Hawks, Game 3 was in San Francisco (according to box scores, not delineating between Daly City and San Francisco), while Game 4 was in Oakland. The Warriors clinched the series by winning Game 6 in San Francisco.', u'The Warriors settled in Oakland in 1971 and rechristened themselves the Golden State Warriors. They discontinued the habit of bouncing between arenas for home games, at least until they made an unpredictably deep run in the 1975 playoffs.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re sorry for the fans if they should have to go another place to see the Warriors play,\u201d Cunningham, the arena general manager, said that May. \u201cWe don\u2019t like losing business. But when you have a multipurpose arena, you\u2019ve got to please the greatest number of people. After all these years, I can\u2019t tell the Ice Follies I don\u2019t want them here.\u201d', u'Within a few years, the Ice Follies were extinct. The Warriors, though, are still in the old arena, welcomed home for the N.B.A. finals, 40 years removed from their removal.']), ([u'Lightning Turn Back Blackhawks to Even Cup Final at 1-1'], [u'June 6 (Reuters) - Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse and beat visiting Chicago 4-3 to even the Stanley Cup Final on Saturday.', u'The Lightning, who had given up two third period goals in a 2-1 loss on Wednesday, did not panic this time after the Blackhawks tied the score 3-3 in the third.', u'Instead, Garrison capitalized on a power-play chance with 11:11 remaining on a shot that ricocheted off the skate of Chicago\u2019s Andrew Desjardins and fooled goaltender Corey Crawford.', u'The best-of-seven series moves to Chicago for Game Three on Monday.', u'The Blackhawks, who are seeking their third Stanley Cup title in six seasons, looked as though they would take a 2-0 series lead back home when they struck for two quick scores in the second period to erase a 1-0 deficit.', u'Andrew Shaw netted the first to tie the score before 20-year-old Teuvo Teravainen got his second goal of the series to put the visitors ahead 2-1.', u'Tampa Bay fought back in an action-packed second period with Nikita Kucherov and Tyler Johnson each beating Crawford to grab a 3-2 advantage for the Lightning.', u'After the teams exchanged goals in the third to make it 4-3, the championship tested Blackhawks put the pressure on for the equalizer, but this time Tampa Bay killed off a power play and survived an extra Chicago attacker in the final minutes.', u'Backup Lightning goaltender Andrei Vasilevskiy finished off the victory as he saved all five shots he faced after replacing starter Ben Bishop late in the third.', u'(Writing by Jahmal Corner in Los Angeles, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Dixon Dominates Crash-Free IndyCar Series Race at Texas'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Scott Dixon was still moaning 30 minutes before the race about the extra downforce planned for his car.', u'After his dominating victory at Texas, in a crash-free and record-setting race with new aero kits, Dixon certainly had no complaints with his No. 9 Chevrolet that he said was "basically on rails."', u'Dixon won by 7.8 seconds over Chip Ganassi Racing teammate Tony Kanaan on Saturday night in the fastest IndyCar Series race ever at high-speed, high-banked Texas track. The New Zealander led 97 of 248 laps and won with an average speed of 191.940 mph.', u'"In hindsight, I\'m glad," Dixon said. "They understood what they were doing. That\'s why they do what they do and I just drove the car."', u'After anxiety about how the cars would handle on the 1 1/2-mile track with the new aero kits, especially after three Chevrolets went airborne during practice for the Indianapolis 500, there were no accidents.', u"There was only one caution, excluding the first lap of the race when the initial start was waved off because the 23-car field wasn't properly aligned. The yellow flag came out on lap 84 for debris on the frontstretch.", u'Dixon got his 37th career win. He also won in 2008 at Texas, which has now hosted 27 IndyCar races.', u'Brazilian drivers and longtime friends and competitors Kanaan and Helio Castroneves were in a close race for second place.', u'"It was a great race. At the beginning of the race, we\'re looking at each other, I\'m looking at Helio\'s setup, like downforce-wise, they\'re looking at mine, and we were like, somebody\'s going to get it right," Kanaan said. "We had a great battle. It reminded me, this guy, we\'ve been racing together for 25 years."', u'Castroneves, whose four IndyCar wins at Texas are the track record, responded, "From the early age, now to the old age."', u'After the airborne cars at Indianapolis, IndyCar this week mandated the use of closure panels on the rear wheel guards. Those are designed to eliminate lift when an Indy car is traveling backward at a high rate of speed during an accident, and will also be required at California and Pocono.', u'Dixon indicated there was no noticeable difference to how the car drove with the panels.', u'"I don\'t think that it affected the race, as you saw tonight, in any way whatsoever," said Mike Hull, the strategist for Dixon\'s team. "It was a positive gain really because we really didn\'t have anything against the fence tonight. So if you look at it that way, I think it was a great success."', u'Ryan Hunter-Reay had the only crash all weekend in Texas, in the first practice Friday when his No. 28 Honda spun and headed backward toward the outside wall. His left rear slammed hard before sliding down the track, but the car never went airborne.', u'Hunter-Reay finished 18th, seven laps behind Dixon.', u'Will Power started from the pole at Texas for the third year in a row, but finished 13th, four laps off the pace. His only win in Texas came in the second race of a doubleheader in 2011 when he started third.', u'Defending race champion Ed Carpenter was done after only 147 laps because of mechanical issues. He had already fallen a couple of laps off the pace in his No. 20 Honda when it parked it and finished 22nd in the 23-car field.', u'"We\'ve got to go home and get this figured out. Haven\'t had cars this bad in a long time," said Carpenter, the car owner who drives the oval races. "I\'m part of the problem because I\'m not helping get a solution. We\'re underachieving big-time."', u'There was a big surprise before the race. James Hinchcliffe gave the command for drivers to start their engines on video from his home in Indianapolis, where the driver is recovering after his left leg was pierced in a crash during Indianapolis 500 practice.']), ([u'Tigers End 8-Game Losing Streak, Beat White Sox Behind Price'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  David Price struck out 11 in a five-hitter, Miguel Cabrera homered the Detroit Tigers ended an eight-game losing streak, beating the Chicago White Sox 7-1 Saturday night.', u'The four-time AL Central champion Tigers stopped their worst skid since 2005 and avoided falling below .500 for the first time this year.', u'Detroit finished with 18 hits after averaging 2.75 runs per game during their slide. Cabrera hit a two-run homer, his 12th.', u'Price (5-2) struck out seven straight batters in the middle innings. He walked two in his 13th career complete game.', u'Price worked with extra rest after throwing a season-high 121 pitches in 7 2-3 innings Sunday against the Angels.', u'John Danks (3-5) gave up five runs and 11 hits in 4 2-3 innings.', u"The Tigers scored five times on seven hits in the fifth. Cabrera's homer ended a string of 13 consecutive scoreless innings for Danks.", u'James McCann followed with an RBI double, and Josh Wilson and Jose Iglesias added RBI singles. That trio, the last three batters in the Detroit lineup, combined for 10 hits.', u'Iglesias and J.D. Martinez added RBI doubles.', u'Alexei Ramirez doubled in the third for the lone White Sox run.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Tigers: RHP Justin Verlander (triceps strain) struck out nine and allowed a run and four hits in 5 2-3 innings in likely his final rehab assignment at Triple-A Toledo on Saturday. He is expected to rejoin the team next week. The date of his next start has yet to be announced. ... RHP Bruce Rondon (biceps tendinitis) allowed four runs in an inning in possibly his final rehab appearance with Toledo on Saturday. ... DH Victor Martinez (left knee inflammation) has been working out at extended spring training and is expected to rejoin the team Tuesday to be evaluated.', u'White Sox: OF Melky Cabrera had the day off. He is hitting .197 in his last 27 games.', u'UP NEXT', u'Tigers: RHP Alfredo Simon (5-3, 2.97) will pitch the series finale. He gave up three runs in five innings in his last start against the White Sox on May 6.', u'White Sox: RHP Jeff Samardzija (4-3, 4.68) will start Sunday. He allowed nine runs in a season-low five innings against the Rangers in his last start.']), ([u"Bethancourt's 9th-Inning HR Lifts Braves Past Pirates, 5-4"], [u"ATLANTA \u2014  Christian Bethancourt lined Vance Worley's first pitch in the ninth inning over the right-field wall for his first career homer, lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 5-4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday night.", u'Bethancourt had three hits, including the drive off Worley (2-4). The ball, curving toward the foul pole, cleared the wall beyond the reach of right fielder Gregory Polanco.', u'Polanco had three hits, including a two-run single off Jim Johnson in the eighth that tied the score at 4.', u"Jason Grilli (1-2) pitched a perfect inning and the Braves ended Pittsburgh's four-game winning streak.", u'Chris Johnson hit his first homer of the season in the second for Atlanta.', u"Pittsburgh's Andrew McCutchen hit a two-run homer in the fourth for a 2-all tie.", u'The Pirates lost for only the third time in 15 games.', u"Atlanta starter Julio Teheran gave up just three hits through his first seven innings but was pulled after allowing one-out singles to Francisco Cervelli and Jordy Mercer in the eighth. With two outs, Johnson gave up Polanco's tying single.", u"Teheran got 12 straight outs following McCutchen's homer until Cervelli's single in the eighth. Teheran was charged with five hits and four runs with no walks and five strikeouts in 7 1-3 innings.", u"The Braves took a 3-2 lead in the fourth. Jonny Gomes drew a walk from Jeff Locke, stole second and scored on Bethancourt's single.", u"Cameron Maybin's single drove in Bethancourt in the seventh, increasing the lead to 4-2 and knocking Locke out of the game.", u'Locke allowed seven hits and four runs in 6 1-3 innings.', u"McCutchen's homer, his first since May 24, drove in Polanco, who reached on a bunt single.", u'Johnson missed most of May with a broken bone in his left hand and was removed following his sixth-inning strikeout. The Braves provided no immediate update on his status.', u"The Braves went ahead 2-0 in the third. Maybin singled and stole second without a throw. He moved to third on Andrelton Simmons' grounder and scored on Freddie Freeman's sacrifice fly. Maybin, who had four steals in each of his last two seasons with the Padres, already has nine this year.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Pirates: Manager Clint Hurdle said OF Andrew Lambo (plantar fasciitis, left foot) isn't ready for baseball activities one month after he was placed on the 15-day disabled list.", u'Braves: 2B Jace Peterson is expected to return to the starting lineup Sunday after missing his second straight start with a bruised left thumb. Juan Uribe made his first start at 2B since he was traded to the Braves on May 27 from the Dodgers.', u'UP NEXT', u'Pirates: RHP Gerrit Cole will try to extend his three-game winning streak. Cole has allowed two earned runs while winning his last three starts. He is 0-0 with a 2.57 ERA in two career starts against the Braves.', u"Braves: LHP Alex Wood also brings a streak of three straight wins into Sunday's game. Wood has allowed only one run in each of his last three starts."]), ([u'Yankees Beat Angels 8-2 and Stretch Winning Streak to 5'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Brian McCann hit a two-run homer that helped chase Garrett Richards in a six-run first inning, and the New York Yankees didn't have to fret in an 8-2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night that stretched their winning streak to five.", u'A night after giving up six runs in the ninth inning of an 8-7 win, New York had an early burst that enabled Adam Warren (4-4) to coast against the Angels, who fell behind 7-0 by the second inning.  The AL East-leading Yankees have scored six or more runs in the first inning four times \u2014 which they had not done since 1948, according to STATS.', u'Richards (5-4) allowed eight of 10 batters to reach and retired just two batters, matching the shortest start of his big league career. He lasted 37 pitches, giving up six runs, five hits and two walks. Richards has alternated wins and losses in his last six starts.', u'Los Angeles has lost four straight, matching its season high, and at 28-28 are at .500 for the 11th time this year.', u"Richards got in trouble when he walked Brett Gardner and Alex Rodriguez around Chase Headley's single. Mark Teixeira hit a sacrifice fly, Headley ran home on Richards' wild pitch and McCann homered into the right-field seats.", u'After singles by Carlos Beltran and Didi Gregorius, Stephen Drew grounded to Albert Pujols, who rather than step on first for an out threw to second. While Tom Hallion called Gregorius out, replays showed shortstop Erick Aybar blocked the tag with his own foot, and the call was overturned by video review. Ramon Flores struck out, and Gardner hit a two-run single that chased Richards.', u'Before this year, the Yankees had not scored six or more runs in the first since July 30, 2011, against Baltimore.', u'A day after missing a game because of a sore foot, Beltran added an RBI single in the second off Cesar Ramos.', u"Warren threw a big league career-high 105 pitches, giving up two runs and four hits in 6 2-3 innings. He induced an inning-ending, double-play grounder from David Freese in the fourth and had a shutout until Johnny Giovotella's sacrifice fly in the fifth.", u'With his parents watching from the stands after making the trip from New Jersey, AL MVP Mike Trout hit his 15th home run in the sixth, an opposite-field drive to right that cut the gap to 7-2.', u'Chris Capuano got the last three outs, striking out Carlos Perez to end the game in a 13-pitch at-bat.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Yankees: Beltran returned to the starting lineup after missing Friday's game with a sore foot.", u'UP NEXT', u'Angels: C.J. Wilson (3-4) is 4-3 with a 3.07 ERA and two saves in 10 starts and 17 relief appearances against the Yankees.', u'Yankees: CC Sabathia (2-7) pitches on regular rest as the Yankees skip Michael Pineda this turn through the rotation to limit his innings.']), ([u'Tampa Bay Uses 2 Goalies, Beats Chicago 4-3 to Even Final'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  Andrei Vasilevskiy had no warning before Ben Bishop skated over to the Tampa Bay bench and went up the tunnel. Just like that, a 20-year-old Russian rookie was playing goalie for the Lightning in the third period of a tied Stanley Cup Final game.', u'Vasilevskiy barely had time to feel any nerves before the Lightning scored. Bishop returned \u2014 and then left again, apparently struggling with an undisclosed injury.', u'But with his Tampa Bay teammates playing ferociously in front of him, Vasilevskiy had nothing to fear as the Lightning tied the series.', u'Jason Garrison scored the tiebreaking power-play goal with 11:11 to play, Vasilevskiy made five saves in a strange 9:13 of relief work, and the Lightning beat the Chicago Blackhawks 4-3 in Game 2 on Saturday night to even the series.', u'"Nervous? Just maybe a little bit," Vasilevskiy said. "But after the first couple shots, I feel myself better. Every game I\'m ready, and I keep my head ready for the game, and that\'s it. ... First time, maybe more nervous. But second time, just play and that\'s it."', u"Tyler Johnson and Cedric Paquette also scored, but the Lightning's revived offensive effort was somewhat overshadowed by three goalie changes in the third period.", u'Vasilevskiy earned his first career playoff victory, and the Lightning refused to say exactly what happened to Bishop or give any indication of his prognosis.', u'"No one really knew what was going on," Tampa Bay captain Steven Stamkos said. "We were kind of listening to the announcements for who was in net for our team a couple of times. But depth has been a part for our success all season, and it showed in the net tonight, as well."', u"While a promising prospect, Vasilevskiy is greener than the Chicago River on St. Patrick's Day: He has 16 regular-season games of NHL experience, and he had played in just two games since March 31. But the Russian came in for 92 seconds before Garrison scored the go-ahead goal, and he returned to finish the game with 7:41 to play.", u"With his jarring No. 88 jersey and 45 previous minutes of NHL playoff experience, Vasilevskiy handled his surprise assignment splendidly. Although he didn't have to touch the puck on his first time in net, he made an outstanding pad save with less than five minutes to play as Tampa Bay killed a penalty, and he stayed strong while Tampa Bay prevented Chicago from mounting another third-period comeback.", u'"We just told him to have fun," Tampa Bay defenseman Anton Stralman said about Vasilevskiy. "I have no idea what went through his head, but he\'s a calm kid. Even if he knows that he\'s not going to play, he always prepares for every game and does everything he can to be ready."', u'Nikita Kucherov had a goal and an assist for the Lightning, who played with all the aggression they lacked in the third period of Game 1 when Chicago rallied late to win.', u"The Lightning didn't say why Bishop left the game, came back and left again. He complained of interference on Brent Seabrook's tying goal early in the third period, but played on for several minutes.", u'Game 3 is Monday night in Chicago.', u'Andrew Shaw and Teuvo Teravainen scored 2:16 apart early in the second period for the Blackhawks.', u'"Regardless of who\'s in net, we were trying to find a way to tie that game in the end," said Chicago captain Jonathan Toews, who set up Seabrook\'s goal. "But sometimes those ones slip away from you. We just kept giving up goals every time we tied the game or got ourselves back into it. We just ran out of time."', u'Patrick Sharp took two penalties 2:18 apart in the third period, and the Lightning scored the winner on the second power play.', u'"It was something I don\'t think I\'ve ever done before," Sharp said. "It happened. You move on from it. I take responsibility and apologize to our penalty killers for putting them under such stress."', u"With Sharp in the box, Garrison put the Lightning ahead when his shot apparently deflected off a Chicago player in front of Corey Crawford, who stopped 20 shots in an uninspiring effort. The goal was just Garrison's second of the postseason and his first since April 27.", u'The Lightning again showed off the resilience that got them to this lofty height, improving to 4-0 in Game 2 of their four postseason series after going 1-3 in Game 1. Tampa Bay has lost two straight games only once in the entire playoffs.', u'The Lightning blamed their 2-1 loss in the opener on too much caution in the third period, when Chicago scored two late goals to win. Neither team showed any particular caution from the start of Game 2, skating aggressively and working hard for offensive chances.', u'Paquette put a long shot through heavy traffic late in the first period for his first goal since April 27, ending a 13-game drought.', u'Shaw made his biggest impact on Game 1 when he apparently bit Lightning defenseman Victor Hedman, but he evened Game 2 early in the second by outfighting Garrison for a loose puck.', u"During a power play moments later, Teravainen scored his third goal in two games off Marian Hossa's setup. The Lightning swiftly tied it up on a back-to-the-net, between-his-own-legs deflection by the gifted Kucherov.", u"Johnson then ended his five-game goal drought with his NHL-leading 13th goal of the postseason. Crawford probably should have saved the backhand, but it slid across his sweater and dropped in for Johnson's first goal since Game 3 of the Eastern Conference finals.", u'Seabrook evened it with 16:22 left in the third, teeing up a hard shot with no opposition after the Tampa Bay defense got distracted by captain Jonathan Toews. Bishop claimed Hossa interfered with him on top of his crease, but the goal stood.', u"NOTES: The Stanley Cup Final's first two games were split for just the second time since 2004. ... Jonathan Drouin, the No. 3 pick in the 2013 draft, returned to Tampa Bay's lineup for the first time since May 7. ... Chicago's Joel Quenneville coached his 200th playoff game. ... Blackhawks D Niklas Hjalmarsson turned 28 years old."]), ([u'American Pharoah Aces Each Test in Triple Crown Run'], [u'ELMONT, New York \u2014  The mile-and-a-half ', u" is known as the 'Test of the  Champion' and American Pharoah passed it with flying colors to become the first horse in 37 years to claim U.S. thoroughbred racing's ", u'.', u'The bay colt rallied from behind to win the ', u', dominated in wet conditions to conquer the ', u' and on Saturday led wire-to-wire on a dry, fast Belmont track to become the 12th horse to sweep the Triple Crown for three-year-olds.', u'Trainer Bob Baffert won the Triple Crown after falling short of the sweep three previous times at the Belmont, the longest of the races, and jockey Victor Espinoza had failed at this last hurdle twice before.', u"After American Pharoah's emphatic 5-1/2 length triumph, widening the gap over the seven other horses in the field as he glided to the wire, Baffert, Espinoza and owner Ahmed Zayat steered all praise to racing's newest star.", u'"We knew we had the horse," said Baffert. "Once Victor got him in the clear and got him into that beautiful mode of the way he just goes over the ground, I just loved every fraction."', u'Baffert said he told the jockey to "go for it" with front-running American Pharoah.', u'"\'Put him on the lead,\xa0go for it. If he doesn\u2019t make it, don\u2019t worry about it. We tried. We had fun,\'" the trainer said of his racing instructions. "And he (American Pharoah) just kept on rocking and rolling.', u'"The Triple Crown is about the horse. I really think the name American Pharoah will always be remembered because he\'s the one who did it. We are really just basically passengers.', u'"He is just an incredible animal."', u'Espinoza added: "He was special from the first time I ever rode him."', u'Joel Rosario, rider of runner-up Frosted, praised the winner.', u'"My horse ran great, but the horse everybody expected to win won the race. My horse ran really great and we got second place," Rosario said.', u'Zayat said: "It\'s really about defining the greatness of American Pharoah.', u'"He moves like a Ferrari, he runs like a Ferrari. This is about none of us. This is about American Pharoah and what he means to our wonderful sport." \xa0', u'(Reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Mascarenhas Awarded Full-Time Contract as NZ Bowling Coach'], [u"WELLINGTON \u2014  Former English all-rounder Dimitri Mascarenhas has been appointed New Zealand's bowling coach full-time in the wake of the team's encouraging test series in England.", u"Appointed in an interim role following the departure of Shane Bond in April, England-born and Australia-raised Mascarenhas had been retained on a two-year contract after New Zealand's bowlers impressed during the drawn 1-1 series.", u"\u201cDimitri has impressed in the short time he\u2019s been with the Blackcaps and we\u2019re delighted he\u2019s accepted the offer to continue working with the side,\u201d New Zealand Cricket's head of cricket Lindsay Crocker said in a statement on Sunday.", u'\u201cBoth coach Mike Hesson and captain Brendon McCullum have been pleased with his contribution on the tour and have watched him develop excellent working relationships with the bowling group.\u201d', u'The 37-year-old played 20 one-day internationals and 14 Twenty20 internationals for England as an all-rounder, as well as being a stalwart for county side Hampshire before carving out a coaching career in New Zealand domestic cricket.', u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom in Melbourne; Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Cardinals Get Skunked at Dodger Stadium'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  A bunch of skunks at Dodger Stadium nearly caused a real stink for the St. Louis Cardinals.', u"Four skunks found their way into the crevices of the Cardinals' dugout before a 2-1 win over Los Angeles on Friday night.", u"Cardinals manager Mike Matheny said stadium workers came over with a cage and bag, but didn't catch the varmints.", u'"I told everybody at the beginning: \'Don\'t be fooling around over there, because you\'ll wish you hadn\'t,\'" Matheny said.', u'"After that, it was like they were never there. It wasn\'t anything different than usual, except for the knowledge of knowing that they were under there. Apparently, they might still be in there," he said.', u'The Cardinals have had critters of their own in the past. Several years ago, a squirrel darted across home plate during a playoff game at Busch Stadium.']), ([u'Argentina, Uruguay Impress in Copa America Warmups'], [u'(Reuters) - Uruguay handed Guatemala a 5-1 roasting in a friendly on Saturday that augurs well for their defence of the Copa America in the absence of suspended striker Luis Suarez.', u'Argentina also impressed in the leadup to the tournament in Chile, with Sergio Aguero scoring a hat-trick and Angel Di Maria a brace in their 5-0 demolition of Bolivia in San Juan.', u"In other matches, Ecuador trounced Panama 4-0 with two goals from Fidel Martinez in Guayaquil, while Radamel Falcao scored the winner in Colombia's 1-0 victory over Costa Rica in Buenos Aires.", u'Paraguay and Honduras drew 2-2 in Asuncion, with former Manchester City striker Roque Santa Cruz getting both Paraguay\u2019s goals.', u"While Suarez was helping Barcelona win the Champions league title in Berlin, his young understudy Diego Rolan put Uruguay one up after four minutes from Alvaro Pereira's cross.", u'Edinson Cavani then added a brace, his first a tap-in after Rolan had hit the post, then a penalty on the half-hour to put the home side 3-0 up at half-time.', u"Substitutes Giorgian De Arrascaeta and Abel Hernandez increased Uruguay's lead before Guatemala pulled one back through defender Wilson Lalin 12 minutes from time.", u'The Uruguayans open their defence of the Copa America title against Jamaica on June 13 and also meet Argentina and Paraguay in Group B.', u"Suarez is serving a ban of nine international matches in competition after biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup.", u'FIVE-STAR ARGENTINA', u'Despite missing Lionel Messi, Javier Mascherano and Carlos Tevez, all of whom played in the Champions League final, Argentina found it just as easy against Bolivia.', u'Di Maria had the opener after 24 minutes with an angled drive from the edge of the box. Aguero got his first four minutes later with a penalty kick and then added another on the half-hour when he clipped home a cross at the near post.', u'Di Maria slotted home from the spot at 54 minutes and Aguero sealed his hat-trick a minute later.', u"Ecuador, who are Chile's opponents in the tournament's opening match in Santiago on Friday, also ran up a 3-0 lead in the first half against Panama.", u'Striker Miller Bolanos scored the first from a pass by tricky winger Jefferson Montero after he had beaten two defenders in the box in the 26th minute.', u"Martinez then scored twice in eight minutes, first from Montero's pass then with a header from left back Walter Ayovi's cross.", u'Seven minutes into the second half, Montero added the fourth for Ecuador, who also meet Mexico and Bolivia in their Copa group.', u"Colombia captain Falcao settled a more even affair at the Diego Armando Maradona ground in the Argentine capital in the opening minute of the second half, scoring from Juan Cuadrado's low cross.", u'(Additional reporting by Alexandra Valencia in Quito, Luis Ampero in Buenos Aires and Daniela Desantis in Asuncion; Writing by Rex Gowar; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Blackhawks Build a Juggernaut With Talent on Ice and in Front Office'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  When the ', u' and the Anaheim Ducks met in Game 7 of the Western Conference finals, the Blackhawks\u2019 owner, Rocky Wirtz, had an idea about where besides Chicago he would find a jittery audience: Rockefeller Center, home of NBC, the N.H.L.\u2019s broadcast partner.', u'\u201cThey probably had candles lit, praying we would win that game,\u201d Wirtz said last week.', u'The Blackhawks prevailed, and NBC was rewarded with nearly 5.5 million viewers for Game 1 of the Stanley Cup finals Wednesday, another Chicago win. That was nearly a million more than the average for last year\u2019s matchup between the Rangers and Los Angeles Kings, featuring the country\u2019s two biggest markets.', u'Eight years after Wirtz inherited the team, the Blackhawks are a juggernaut, three victories from their third Stanley Cup championship in six seasons. They are also by a number of metrics \u2014 ratings, jersey sales, social media \u2014 the most popular hockey team in the United States.', u'The Blackhawks have appeared nationally on NBC, NBC Sports Network and CNBC a league-high 127 times in the past four seasons, including three outdoor games and a fourth scheduled for next season; they have a sellout streak of 326 games; they dominate All-Star voting; and they have three of the top 10 most marketable players in the N.H.L., according to Nielsen\u2019s N rating, which measures everything from on-ice success to a player\u2019s appearance.', u'\u201cThe numbers are the numbers, even outside Chicago,\u201d said Stephen Master, senior vice president at the Nielsen Sports Group. \u201cThe Blackhawks are America\u2019s N.H.L. team.\u201d', u'The franchise\u2019s resurgence is a familiar story, beginning when Wirtz took over from his technophobic father and put home games on television around the time Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane arrived. He also lured the business gurus John McDonough and Jay Blunk away from the Chicago Cubs. An avalanche of winning followed, and a long-dormant fan base sprang to life.', u'\u201cEveryone here is invested in this team, on the ice and off it,\u201d said McDonough, the team president. \u201cWe have no barriers between hockey and business.\u201d', u'Under Wirtz, the Blackhawks\u2019 business staff has tripled, to 75, while General Manager Stan Bowman sits in on marketing meetings to keep the business and hockey staffs in lock step. Coach Joel Quenneville has been known to ask about TV ratings after games.', u'The growth has been eye-popping. The Blackhawks had a paltry 3,400 season-ticket holders when Wirtz took over; now there is a waiting list of more than 13,000. The team\u2019s two flagship apparel stores \u2014 one downtown and one in the suburbs \u2014 sold', u' $5 million in merchandise from last July to this past April. Forbes valued the Blackhawks at $179 million in 2007, 16th in the league. They are now ranked fourth, worth $825 million.', u'Last November, the research firm Nielsen Scarborough calculated that 50 percent of the Chicago market watched, attended or listened to a Blackhawks game the previous year, up from 8 percent in 2007. The head count was 3.7 million. (The Rangers were second among hockey teams in the United States, at 2.6 million.) Along the way, the Blackhawks leapfrogged the Bulls, the Cubs and the White Sox and now trail only the Bears here.', u'Wirtz chuckles when he recalls his early days at the helm of the franchise. It was not that long ago, he said, that the Blackhawks had to buy radio time just to get their games on the air. To encourage area bars to show games, he used to send out a sales team from his liquor distribution business to negotiate drink specials.', u'Beyond the broad strokes, though, has been an organization meticulous in capitalizing on the good fortune of finding a core of once-in-a-generation talent. One early initiative was', u' When the group of Toews, Kane, Duncan Keith, Marian Hossa and Patrick Sharp arrived, the team wanted to showcase the new players\u2019 personalities but could not find a station willing to cover them. So it did it itself, creating its own content, which included Emmy-winning documentary-style episodes that chronicled the team, and put the video on its website. One segment was a prank in which players ordered hundreds of dollars of room service to Toews\u2019s hotel room.', u'The cast needs no introduction anymore. Announcing the Blackhawks now is \u201cmuch like going to a movie the second time,\u201d the NBC announcer Doc Emrick said. \u201cYou know the characters.\u201d', u'When the Blackhawks won the Stanley Cup in 2013, the team produced its own documentary, which had its premiere at Navy Pier\u2019s IMAX theater before showing it around the city. There were several screenings throughout the city, and the team said each was sold out.', u'\u201cWinning is the No. 1 thing,\u201d said Blunk, a team vice president. \u201cBut that affords you a gateway into something deeper. And that\u2019s what we\u2019ve tried to do.\u201d', u'Master, the Nielsen senior vice president, added, \u201cThe formula is they have a core of young, good-looking guys that has been together on the same team that has won a lot.\u201d', u'He pointed to Kane, who has the highest-selling jersey on ', u', and Sharp as receiving the highest marketability scores in the league, tied with Boston\u2019s Tuukka Rask. Toews is tied for seventh. Nielsen, by the way, considers Sharp the best-looking of the three, with a rating of 28, followed by Toews (24) and Kane (23).', u'The Blackhawks\u2019 run, McDonough noted, has coincided with the rise of social media. Here, too, the Blackhawks are leaders, with more Twitter and Facebook followers than any other N.H.L. team. At the heart of it all, Blackhawks executives said, is to build a fan connection that will outlive the Toews and Kane era. They have run exhaustive analytics on their fans, including enlisting a group of them to survey attendees at every home game.', u'\u201cThey are the envy of the league, and maybe even beyond the N.H.L.,\u201d said Marc Ganis, president of the Chicago-based sports investment firm SportsCorp.', u'This off-season, Chicago will face a familiar enemy: the N.H.L.\u2019s hard salary cap. After the 2010 Stanley Cup, the team was gutted and made two consecutive first-round playoff exits. Wirtz said that while the team would have to adjust, he did not expect a similar sell-off of vital players.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re more prepared this year,\u201d he said. \u201cI don\u2019t think we had the same foresight then.\u201d', u'Wirtz also has more plans, hoping to break ground on a practice site with two ice rinks near United Center in the next year. One reason, he said, is to bring hockey to more children in the area. And one day, when his crop of superstars eventually moves on, he will have the chance to prove his team\u2019s staying power. But today, there is a dynasty at hand and another Cup to win.', u'Asked what his father would think of all that has happened since his death, Wirtz paused before answering.', u'\u201cHe\u2019d be happy, but I don\u2019t think he\u2019d agree with the methods,\u201d he said. \u201cBut if anyone would have predicted this was coming back then, they would have said you were smoking dope.\u201d']), ([u"The Keys to American Pharoah's Ride to Triple Crown History"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  American Pharoah made his own luck in winning the ', u', ending the 37-year ', u' drought.', u'The colt with the short tail forced the issue right at the start and set the pace for the entire 1 1/2 mile lap around the Belmont Park oval.', u"He wasn't dependent on a trip, or the moves of any rival.", u'Victor Espinoza rode the colt with supreme confidence and American Pharoah responded with a 5 1/2 length victory.', u'At no point was the outcome in doubt once American Pharoah bounded out of the gate, leaving seven rivals chasing in vain.', u'The keys to the victory:', u'___', u'THE START', u'So many races are lost at the break when a horse stumbles or hits the starting gate. Espinoza knows that from hard experience. His first Triple Crown try in 2002 ended when War Emblem stumbled badly and finished eighth. No worries this time. American Pharoah got away clean, and immediately glided over to the rail.', u'___', u'PRESSURE NEVER MATERIALIZED', u"As expected, Materiality tried to prompt the pace. The Florida Derby winner ranged into second, to American Pharoah's outside. Materiality was unable to hook the leader as American Pharoah maintained his high cruising speed, holding that rival comfortably at bay on the run down the backstretch.", u'___', u'PLENTY LEFT IN TANK', u'Turning for home, American Pharoah was rolling along on a two-length lead when Frosted picked up the chase. For a fleeting moment, it appeared the gray colt might take a run at American Pharoah.', u'And just a quickly, it was over. American Pharoah kicked away as Joel Rosario implored Frosted to keep pace.', u"No wonder. American Pharoah ran the final quarter mile in 24.32 seconds, even faster than Secretariat's 25 second final quarter in his record-setting Belmont victory in 1973."]), ([u'Hinchcliffe Surprise Command for IndyCar Race in Texas'], [u"FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  James Hinchcliffe gave the command for IndyCar Series drivers to start their engines in Texas on Saturday night \u2014 through a surprise video shown on the track's huge HD screen.", u'Hinchcliffe is home in Indianapolis recovering after his left leg was pierced in a crash during Indianapolis 500 practice.', u"In the video, the Canadian driver noted that he'd normally be getting strapped in to race. He said he appreciated all the love and support he has felt since the May 18 crash and his release from the hospital nine days later.", u'"It\'s truly been overwhelming," he said.', u'Hinchcliffe told his fellow drivers to put on a good show, then put on a cowboy hat before giving the command to start their engines.']), ([u'Pettersen Leads Uribe by One Shot in Ontario'], [u'(Reuters) - Suzann Pettersen saved par after a deft bunker shot at the final hole to hold a one-stroke lead after the third round of the Manulife LPGA Classic in Ontario on Saturday.', u'She carded a six-under-par 66 on the Whistle Bear course in Cambridge to move within sight of a 15th LPGA title and her first since 2013.', u'But the 34-year-old Norwegian will not be planning her victory speech just yet, not with two classy players breathing down her neck on a course that is yielding heaps of birdies.', u'Colombian Mariajo Uribe (67) is just one stroke behind, while veteran American Cristie Kerr (67) trails by two after draining a 20-foot birdie putt from off the putting surface at the final hole.', u'Pettersen got off to a rousing start with birdies at the first three holes and she picked up all of her shots in the first 11 holes to finish with a 19-under total of 197.', u'\u201cI got off to a fantastic start today, everything went my way at the start (but) it kind of dried up a little bit towards the end,\u201d the former world number two told reporters.', u'\u201cOverall very happy and in a good position, but there\u2019s a job to be done tomorrow.\u201d', u"Whatever the outcome, her game is rounding into form at an ideal time heading into a major next week, the KPMG Women's PGA Championship in Westchester, New York.", u'Uribe, the 2007 U.S. Amateur champion, has not won an official LPGA event and knows that only a victory on Sunday will make news back home.', u'\u201cIn Colombia they only follow soccer really,\u201d she said. \u201cThe only way I can make it to the TV in prime-time is if I win.', u'"Top 10 is not good enough for them.', u'\u201cI\u2019m a pretty aggressive player, so I didn\u2019t have to change my strategy here. I feel really confident right now. My driver\u2019s pretty straight.\u201d', u'Kerr, meanwhile, has won 17 LPGA events, including a U.S. Women\u2019s Open, so she knows what it takes to get the job done.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Sinclair Saves the Day for Canada With Late Winner'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  An injury time goal by Christine Sinclair from the penalty spot lifted Canada to a nail-biting 1-0 win over China on Saturday to get the Women's World Cup off to an electrifying start.", u'Canada coach John Herdman had declared on the eve of the opener anything less than victory would be a disappointment and Sinclair made sure the capacity crowd of 53,058 went home happy when she coolly slotted home a low shot to the right corner.', u'"That\'s what we wanted, the three points, that was the most important part," a beaming Herdman told reporters.', u'"In the 90th minute, cometh the moment, cometh the woman, outstanding from Christine Sinclair.', u'"The pressure on, there\'s only one woman in the world who can get up and do that."', u'Canada had dominated much of the play but could not crack the Chinese wall until Adriana Leon was brought down heavily by Zhao Rong in the box. The referee immediately pointed to the spot.', u'There was no doubt who would take the shot.', u"Canada's all-time leading scorer Sinclair, who made her national debut when she was 16 and has been a cornerstone of the team ever since, notched her 154th international goal. Only Americans Abby Wambach and Mia Hamm have scored more.", u'"When it was called, the first thing that went through my head was, I\'m taking this," said Sinclair. "I\'ve been practising my whole life for that moment.', u'"I\'d be lying to you if I said I wasn\'t nervous, the opening game of the World Cup, 50,000 fans with the game on the line, it\'s nerve-wracking but I live for those moments."', u'Canada dominated possession throughout, particularly in a choppy opening half but it was China that generated the better scoring chances with Gu Yasha forcing Erin McLeod to come off her line to make a diving save.', u"A minute later Wang Lisi sent a shudder through Canada's largest crowd to watch a national team soccer match when her free kick rattled off the crossbar and post.", u"Once one of soccer's dominant nations, China took a silver at the 1999 World Cup and again at the 1996 Olympics but failed to qualify for the last World Cup and the 2012 London Olympics.", u"A determined display by the 'Steel Roses', however, suggests that 16th-ranked China may yet be factor in Canada.", u'"Overall I was very happy, I believe our next match will be even better," said China coach Hao Wei. "It is indeed a pity but I believe that within two days we can adjust our mindset to our best state."', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry/Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Todt Says FIA Faces No Risk of Corruption'], [u'MOSCOW \u2014  The International Automobile Federation (FIA) is in no danger of suffering the sort of corruption scandal currently engulfing world soccer governing body FIFA, its president Jean Todt said on Saturday.', u'The Paris-based FIA, comprised of 237 sporting and motoring organizations from 142 countries, is the governing body for Formula One and the World Rally Championship as well as other  series.', u'"There is no way that the FIA could have the same problems with corruption that FIFA are experiencing," Frenchman Todt told Russia\'s Tass news agency on a visit to Moscow for the penultimate round of the Formula E electric series.', u"Swiss-based FIFA is going through the worst crisis in the organization's 111-year history after Swiss police arrested a number of high-ranking officials on corruption charges led by U.S. prosecutors.", u'Swiss authorities have also opened criminal proceedings on suspicion of mismanagement and money laundering over the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cups to Russia and Qatar respectively.', u'While FIFA collects billions of dollars in revenue, mostly from sponsorship and television rights for World Cups held every four years, the FIA has no single big cash-generating event.', u'Formula One generates annual revenues of more than $1.5 billion from races around the world but the commercial rights belong to private equity firm CVC with Bernie Ecclestone running the business and doing the deals.', u'The revenues are distributed to teams and shareholders, while the FIA sanctions championships and charges fees for entry and for competitor license.', u"Ecclestone, who is also a member of FIA's World Motor Sport Council, was involved in a high-profile bribery trial in Germany last year but that was settled with the 84-year-old Briton paying $100 million to preserve his innocence.", u'The supremo had been accused of channeling cash to jailed BayernLB banker Gerhard Gribkowsky to smooth the sale of a major stake in Formula One to CVC.', u'(Reporting by Dmitriy Rogovitskiy/Alan Baldwin in Montreal; Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Martens Scores, Netherlands Beats New Zealand 1-0'], [u"EDMONTON, Alberta \u2014  Lieke Martens' long strike from outside the box in the first half gave the Netherlands its first ever Women's World Cup goal and a 1-0 victory over New Zealand on Saturday night.", u'Martens curled the ball up and over the outstretched arms of New Zealand goalkeeper Erin Nayler in the 33rd minute. Netherlands is one of eight teams making their debut in the World Cup.', u'The field for World Cup expanded this year to 24 teams, divided into six groups. Saturday was the start of the monthlong tournament, which concludes with the final in Vancouver, British Columbia, on July 5.', u"Earlier in the day, host Canada opened the tournament with a 1-0 victory over China at Commonwealth Stadium. The Netherlands faces China on Thursday, followed by Canada's match against New Zealand as the group stage continues."]), ([u'Golf Capsules'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  Justin Rose made an early surge Saturday at the Memorial, when it seemed as though everyone except Tiger Woods was making a move. Rose kept right on going until he posted a 6-under 66 and emerged with a three-shot lead.', u'Five years after he first had that handshake with Jack Nicklaus after winning his tournament, Rose put himself in great position by missing only one green \u2014 just barely \u2014 on the back nine and creating a little comfort going into the final round.', u'He was at 15-under 201, three clear of Francesco Molinari and David Lingmerth.', u'Woods was in a peculiar position after the worst score of his pro career.', u"When he tapped in for quadruple-bogey 8 on the final hole at Muirfield Village, he had an 85 and was in last place. For the first time, he will tee off as a single. Woods did not speak to reporters after the round. The round didn't feature the kind of shockingly bad chips he had in Phoenix when he shot 82. It was mediocre golf when he wasn't making bogeys and double bogeys.", u'Molinari had four birdies on the front nine until he cooled and shot 69. Lingmerth opened with a birdie to expand his one-shot lead at the start of the round, followed two bogeys with an eagle and then stalled. He shot 72. Jim Furyk, another past champion, had a 70 and was four shots behind.', u'MANULIFE LPGA CLASSIC', u'CAMBRIDGE, Ontario (AP) \u2014 Suzann Pettersen took a one-stroke lead in the Manulife LPGA Classic, making an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and closing with seven pars for a 6-under 66.', u'Pettersen had a 19-under 197 total at Whistle Bear Golf Club. Bothered by a shoulder injury this season, the 34-year-old Norwegian player won the last of her 14 LPGA Tour titles in 2013.', u"Colombia's Mariajo Uribe was second after a 67. Cristie Kerr was third at 17 under, also after a 67. She won the Kia Classic in California in March for her 17th LPGA Tour title.", u'Second-ranked Inbee Park, the winner last year at Grey Silo in Waterloo, had a 70 to reach 9 under. Top-ranked Lydia Ko also was tied for 32nd at 9 under after a 68.', u'PRINCIPAL CHARITY CLASSIC', u"DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Mark Calcavecchia made a 15-foot birdie putt on the final hole Saturday for a 4-under 68 and a one-stroke in the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic.", u'Calcavecchia had a 9-under 135 total at Wakonda Club. The 54-year-old Calcavecchia has two victories on the 50-and-over tour after winning 13 times on the PGA Tour, including the 1989 British Open.', u"On Thanksgiving, Calcavecchia stumbled at his brother-in-law's house and his right hand went through two panes of glass, slashing a tendon and leaving a finger dangling. He had surgery in early December and couldn't swing a club for three months.", u'Joe Durant was second after a 68. Paul Goydos, Brian Henninger and Michael Allen were tied for third at 7 under, all shooting 70.', u'NORDEA MASTERS', u"MALMO, Sweden (AP) \u2014 Sweden's Alex Noren shot a 5-under 67 to take a two-shot lead in the Nordea Masters, and local favorite Henrik Stenson had a 68 to pull within five strokes.", u"Noren, the 2011 winner at Bro Hof Slott, had an 11-under 205 total on PGA Sweden National's Lakes Course. Germany's Maximilian Kieffer was second after a 70.", u'The fourth-rankled Stenson was tied for sixth. Local amateur Marcus Kinhult, tied for the second-round lead, had a 77 to drop into a tie for 14th at 4 under.']), ([u'Cotto Knocks Out Geale in 4th Round, Retains WBC Title'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Miguel Cotto didn\'t quite break into "New York, New York" after one of his most powerful showings in the city that never sleeps.', u'He certainly could have after nearly putting Daniel Geale to sleep Saturday night in retaining the WBC middleweight title.', u"Cotto landed a huge left hook early in the fourth round and Geale went down like a tree falling in the forest.  Somehow, the Australian got up, but he wasn't staying up for long.", u'Cotto landed a dozen more punches, missed with a few others, then put Geale down again with a straight right. Referee Harvey Dock stopped the bout at 1:28 of the round. The Puerto Rican champion dominated from the outset at the Barclays Center and is 11-1 in New York.', u'"The first knockdown I was going to throw the left hand," Cotto said. "As I threw it he put his right hand down and BOOM!"', u'Well, yeah.', u'Next up for Cotto (40-4, 33 knockouts) after his brilliant showing following a one-year layoff could be a big-money fight with Saul "Canelo" Alvarez later this year, a fight that is pretty much already lined up.', u'"If the people want that fight to happen," Cotto said, "it will happen."', u'Added trainer Freddie Roach: "Canelo is a young guy coming up, and Miguel is a guy that is getting better and better at what he does."', u"That was clear on this night, and Cotto praised Roach for turning him into an even better boxer since his victory over Sergio Martinez a year ago. There was no rust on Cotto, and he worked Geale's body from the first bell.", u'Then, when it an opening appeared for the money punches, Cotto delivered.', u'"Being away, training in Los Angeles for 10 weeks and coming here and winning like this was a great thrill," Cotto said. "Freddie has made me better at everything."', u'For Cotto, New York is a second home, but few of those previous wins were any more convincing than this one before 12,157 fans who chanted "Cotto! Cotto!" from the minute he headed to the ring as a huge Puerto Rican flag was waved inside the ropes. The roar couldn\'t have been any louder had the Nets just hit a winning basket in their home than when Cotto rocked Geale the first time.', u"Geale (31-4) is a former middleweight champion who has fought three times in the United States, all losses. He was never in this one because Cotto wouldn't allow it.", u'Cotto, 34, as is Geale, worked the body frequently, but also landed a bunch of shots to the head. In all, he threw 183 punches, and 37 percent connected to only 26 percent for Geale.', u'It was the sharp hook and then crushing right to the head that made the difference.', u'Cotto landed 68 punches to 33 by Geale, and the champion connected with 43 power punches. In the end, though, all it really took were the two fourth-round bombs.', u'Indeed, Geale had to ask his trainer after the fight how many rounds it went.', u'"I am so disappointed," he said. "It went too fast and I am extremely disappointed."', u"Because the fight was at a catch weight, Geale came in at 157 pounds but probably weighed another 15 pounds when he entered the ring. Cotto was 153 1-2, but said once again he doesn't consider himself a true middleweight.", u'Cotto has owned titles at middleweight, super welterweight, welterweight and super lightweight. Roach sees his guy remaining a champion for a while longer.', u'"I like the fight," he said about facing Alvarez next. "I think it is a good fight, but I like any next fight."']), ([u'Sinclair Gives Canada 1-0 Win Over China in World Cup Opener'], [u'EDMONTON, Alberta \u2014  With the sellout crowd roaring, Christine Sinclair sprinted across the field and into the outstretched arms of coach John Herdman.', u"Sinclair had just converted a penalty kick in the second minute of second-half stoppage time, giving host Canada a 1-0 win over China on Saturday in the opening match of the Women's World Cup.", u'After the celebratory hug, Herdman turned to the crowd and leapt into the air, pumping his fist.', u"Canada's star striker and team captain had made her country proud.", u'"The first thing that went through my head was \'I\'m taking this.\' I\'ve been practicing my whole life for that moment," said Sinclair, who turns 32 next week. "The next thing through my head was \'Man, the fans are very loud right now.\'"', u"Canada was awarded the penalty by Ukrainian referee Natalia Rachynska after Adriana Leon was fouled by Rong Zhao. The sellout crowd of 53,058 at Commonwealth Stadium, the largest for a national team sporting ever in Canada, was on its feet when Sinclair's shot sailed just inside the post and past goalkeeper Wang Fei.", u'It was the first match of the month-long tournament played across six Canadian cities. The United States opens Monday against Australia, and the final is set for July 5.', u"The World Cup began with FIFA, soccer's international governing body, plagued by scandal. FIFA President Sepp Blatter announced his resignation earlier this week after the U.S. Department of Justice indicted 14 people on corruption charges related to soccer. No FIFA officials participated in the opening ceremony.", u"Sinclair's goal erased a frustrating match for Canada, which outshot the visitors 14-5. Following the gala opening ceremony that included performances by Canadians Sarah McLachlan and Tegan and Sara, China had come closest to scoring with a first-half free kick that bounced off both posts.", u'"I\'d be lying if I said I wasn\'t nervous. Of course, it\'s the opening game of the World Cup in front of 50-some-odd-thousand fans with the game on the line," Sinclair said. "Yeah, it\'s nerve-racking, but I live for those moments."', u'The pressure is on Canada, ranked eighth in the world and making its sixth World Cup appearance. Its best finish was fourth in 2003, and the Canadians were 0-3 at the 2011 tournament in Germany.', u'Canada has been on the rise in recent years under Herdman and has seen increased support by the government in advance of the World Cup. The team had a surprising bronze-medal finish at the 2012 London Olympics.', u'"I\'m really proud of what we were able to put out there," Herdman said about the latest victory. "Three points. Well done Canada."', u"Sixteenth-ranked China was returning to an expanded 24-nation World Cup after missing out in 2011, when the field was 16 teams. Known as the Steel Roses, China's best World Cup finish was second in 1999, when the team fell to the United States in the final at the Rose Bowl in Pasadena, California.", u"Sinclair had her first a chance in the eighth minute, but her strike sailed just wide and past the outstretched arms of China's goalkeeper.", u"Gu Yasha threatened Canada goalkeeper Erin McLeod, who came far off her line to stop the attack in the 18th minute. China's Wang Lisi's incredible free kick just minutes later bounced between both posts \u2014 but never made it in the goal.", u'Sinclair got a few more good chances late in the match, including a shot off a pass from Sophie Schmidt that was scooped up by Wang Fei.', u'Sinclair also scored on a penalty kick against China in January at the Four Nations tournament.', u'"You start thinking about things like that. But then you pick a side and I sort of said to myself, \'It either goes in or not.\' Luckily it went in," she said.', u"It was Sinclair's 154th international goal. She's ranked only behind American Abby Wambach (182) for goals among active players.", u'"There was no doubt in my mind she was going to put that away," said Schmidt.', u'China coach Hao Wei was asked afterward about the penalty.', u'"We are here to play the game. We respect all the rules and we respect the referees," he said through a translator. "But I will have to look at it later to see if it was fair or not."', u'Group A also includes New Zealand and the Netherlands, who met in the late match on Saturday.', u'Top-ranked Germany is among the favorite along with the second-ranked Americans and No. 3 France. Japan is the defending World Cup champion after beating the United States on penalty kicks in the 2011 final.']), ([u"Kelly Snaps 9-Start Winless Stretch, Red Sox Beat A's 4-2"], [u'BOSTON \u2014  Joe Kelly pitched six solid innings to earn his first win since his initial start of the season, Hanley Ramirez hit a two-run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4-2 on Saturday.', u'The teams played a day after a fan at Fenway Park was struck in the head by a broken bat and suffered life-threatening injuries. Boston Police said Saturday she is expected to survive.', u"There was a moment of reflection for Tonya Carpenter at the ballpark before Saturday's game. Sitting a few rows back to the left of home plate between the screen and Oakland's dugout Friday night, Carpenter was struck by a hurtling piece of Brett Lawrie's broken bat.", u'She was wheeled from the ballpark on a stretcher and rushed to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center Hospital. She was in serious condition Saturday, her family said in a statement.', u"Lawrie was out of the A's lineup Saturday, but manager Bob Melvin said it was because of a back issue, not because of any psychological effects after the incident. Lawrie entered as a pinch-hitter in the eighth inning.", u'Kelly (2-4) gave up one run and four hits, striking out six and walking two to snap his career-worst, nine-start winless stretch. His previous victory came on April 11 in an 8-4 victory over the New York Yankees.', u'Koji Uehara, the fifth Red Sox pitcher, worked the ninth for his 13th save.', u'Jesse Chavez (2-6) allowed four runs and 10 hits in five innings.', u'Ramirez also singled twice, David Ortiz hit an RBI double and Mike Napoli had a run-scoring single for the Red Sox, who won for the fourth time in six games.', u'Mark Canha hit a solo homer for Oakland, which lost for the third time in its last nine.', u"Ramirez's 13th homer, a drive into the center-field bleachers, gave Boston a 2-0 lead in the first.", u"The Athletics cut it to 2-1 on Billy Burns' RBI triple in the third before the slumping Ortiz snapped an 0-for-11 stretch with his double and Napoli followed with a single in the bottom of the inning.", u"Canha's homer barely cleared the Green Monster in the seventh.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Athletics: 1B Ike Davis, on the 15-day disabled list with a strained left quadriceps, is close to starting a rehab assignment. "His running the bases starts right about the time we get home, then he should be able to go out on a rehab," manager Bob Melvin said.', u'Red Sox: 3B Pablo Sandoval had his second straight day off after making two errors Thursday. "A couple of days to take some extra BP in the cage, smooth some things out, a little bit of a breather," manager John Farrell said. "We\'ve had a chance to talk briefly over the past couple of days and so the thought behind it is to give him a little bit of a breather. I would expect him to be back at third base tomorrow."', u'UP NEXT', u'Athletics: RHP Kendall Graveman (3-2, 5.56 ERA) is slated to start the series finale Sunday. He was recalled from Triple-A on May 23 and is 2-0 with a 3.06 ERA in three starts since returning.', u"Red Sox: RHP Clay Buchholz (3-6, 3.82) looks to continue a nice run. He's 1-2 in his last four starts but has posted a 1.47 ERA."]), ([u"Alonso's Grand Slam Rallies Padres Over Reds 9-7"], [u"CINCINNATI \u2014  Yonder Alonso's second career grand slam pulled the Padres even in the seventh inning, and Matt Kemp singled with the bases loaded in the eighth on Saturday, completing San Diego's biggest comeback of the season for a 9-7 victory over the Cincinnati Reds.", u'San Diego won its sixth in a row against Cincinnati over the last two seasons, this one with a big day from the middle of the order.', u"Alonso's homer off Tony Cingrani tied it 7-7 and completed a comeback from a 6-1 deficit. San Diego loaded the bases in the eighth with Abraham Almonte's pinch-hit double and a pair of walks by Jumbo Diaz (2-1). Kemp's single through the hole at shortstop gave him five RBIs overall.", u'Kemp also had a solo homer and a two-run double off Michael Lorenzen.', u'Brandon Maurer (2-0) retired the three batters in the seventh. Craig Kimbrel gave up a walk and a single in the ninth before fanning Zack Cozart for his 13th save in 14 chances.', u'Todd Frazier drove in three runs with a pair of doubles for the Reds, who lost for the 14th time in 19 games.', u'The Reds got their big early lead with the help of several Padres misplays, followed by their biggest meltdown of the season.', u"Center fielder Will Venable broke in on Joey Votto's flyball with two outs in the fourth, allowing it to go over his head for an RBI triple. Frazier followed with another fly that Venable broke in on, only to have it go past him for a run-scoring double.", u"Cincinnati's bullpen helped the Padres pull it out by walking five batters in the seventh and eighth innings, with three of them scoring.", u'Ryan Mattheus fanned the first two batters in the seventh, then gave up an infield single and walked the next two. Cingrani came on and gave up the grand slam.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Padres: Outfielder Wil Myers headed out to start a rehab assignment. He's expected to play three games at Triple-A and could be activated off the disabled list if his left wrist is fine. He's been sidelined since May 11 with tendinitis.", u"Reds: Right fielder Jay Bruce ran into the outfield wall as he tried to catch Kemp's homer in the fourth inning. He wasn't hurt and stayed in the game.", u'UP NEXT', u'Padres: Odrisamer Despaigne (3-3) starts on an extra day of rest. He gave up one run in eight innings of a 7-1 victory over the Pirates last Sunday.', u'Reds: Johnny Cueto (3-4) makes his second start since returning from elbow inflammation. He gave up two runs in six innings of a 5-4 loss at Philadelphia on Tuesday.', u'___']), ([u"Triumphant Luis Enrique Won't Say if He Will Stay at Barca"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Barcelona coach Luis Enrique declined to say if he will still be at the helm next season after leading them to a treble in his first season including Saturday's Champions League triumph over Juventus.", u"Barca's 3-1 victory in the final in Berlin meant they became the first team to win their domestic league and Cup and Europe's elite club competition in the same season on two occasions, repeating their feat from 2009.", u'Their achievement was all the more remarkable as they were mired in an institutional crisis around the turn of the year which led to the dismissal of sporting director Andoni Zubizarreta.', u'Luis Enrique, who was appointed by Zubizarreta, was clearly unhappy with the sacking and, with results not going Barca\u2019s way, speculation swirled that a change of coach might also be imminent.', u'The uncertainty has been amplified by the calling of a presidential election. A new chief in place of incumbent Josep Maria Bartomeu might want to bring in his own man to take charge of the first team.', u'Luis Enrique fended off several questions about his future at his post-match news conference, saying he was only focused on celebrating the Champions League win.', u'"There is nothing confirmed but I do confirm there will be a big party tonight," he told reporters.', u'"My goal is to enjoy the moment, enjoy a nice summer," added the former Barca and Spain midfielder, who took over at the Nou Camp after an impressive spell at Celta Vigo in 2013-14.', u'"We never imagined we could win the three titles. You try to do your work well but with these kinds of players it makes everything easier."', u'Barcelona centre back Gerard Pique, who celebrated the Champions League success by cutting out the net from one of the goals at the Olympic Stadium and making off with it, appeared convinced that Luis Enrique would stay on.', u'"It\'s not up to me to say if he will continue or not but seeing the way he celebrated tonight, how much he loves this club, I am sure he will stay," Pique told reporters.', u'Luis Enrique also received strong backing from club captain Andres Iniesta, who was voted man of the match on Saturday.', u'"It\u2019s my hope he\u2019ll continue next year," Iniesta said. "He hasn\u2019t said anything to the contrary so I hope next year we can face new challenges together."', u'(Additional reporting by Erik Kirschbaum, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Salazar Pitches Indians Past Orioles 2-1'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Danny Salazar pitched impressively into the eighth inning to reach a career high in wins and Carlos Santana had a tiebreaking double as the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 on Saturday.', u"Salazar (6-1) struck out 10 and allowed six hits and a run in seven-plus innings. Baltimore's only run came on Manny Machado's third-inning homer. Salazar, who began the season in the minors, hasn't lost since May 5, a span of six starts.", u"Nick Swisher had an RBI single, and Santana drove in a run in the sixth off Brad Brach for the Indians' seventh win in 10 games. They are 15-7 since May 14.", u"Brach (3-2) retired the first two hitters in the sixth before walking Jason Kipnis. Santana's line drive landed in the right field corner and Kipnis scored on a headfirst dive into the plate.", u"Cody Allen walked Chris Davis with one out in the ninth, but he then struck out Matt Wieters. The pitch was in the dirt and Davis was thrown out advancing to second for Allen's 13th save.", u'Orioles starter Ubaldo Jimenez was in trouble throughout his five innings, but allowed only one run. The right-hander gave up six hits, walked six, struck out five, threw 107 pitches and stranded nine runners.', u"Machado homered to right with one out in the third. Swisher's single tied the game in the bottom of the inning.", u'Salazar came out for the eighth, but was pulled after walking Ryan Flaherty, his only free pass of the game. Bryan Shaw retired the next three hitters.', u'The Indians loaded the bases with one out in the second, but Jimenez struck out Michael Bourn and Jose Ramirez. Cleveland stranded two runners in the third, fourth and fifth.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Orioles: RHP Kevin Gausman (right shoulder tendinitis), who is on a rehabilitation assignment at Class-A Frederick, could be activated off the 15-day disabled list late next week.', u"Indians: RHP Scott Atchison (sprained left ankle) will throw a bullpen session Sunday. He's been on the 15-day disabled list since May 28.", u'UP NEXT', u"Orioles: RHP Bud Norris will be activated from the 15-day disabled list to start against the Indians. Norris, who is 1-4 with a 9.88 ERA, came down with bronchitis last month and hasn't pitched since May 10.", u'Indians: RHP Carlos Carrasco looks to match a career-high four-game winning streak when he faces the Orioles in the series finale. He held Kansas City to one run and struck out eight in seven innings Tuesday.']), ([u'The Latest: Tampa Bay Evens Stanley Cup Final With 4-3 Win'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  The latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Chicago Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning, at Amalie Arena on Saturday night. All times listed are Eastern:', u'___', u'10:00 p.m.', u'Tyler Johnson scored his NHL playoff-leading 13th goal and Andrei Vasilevskiy came off the bench to make a big save in the closing minutes Saturday night as the Tampa Bay Lightning evened the Stanley Cup Final with a 4-3 victory over the Chicago Blackhawks.', u'Nikita Kucherov had a goal and an assist and Cedric Paquette and Jason Garrison also scored for the Lightning, who improved to 4-0 in Game 2s during their postseason run, with three of those wins following losses in series openers.', u"Vasilevskiy replaced Ben Bishop on two different occasions in the third period. He was on the ice when Garrison's power-play goal snapped 3-3 with 11 minutes remaining and was in line to get his first career playoff win, even before Bishop was removed for the game again with 7:41 remaining. The backup goalie's pad save protected the 4-3 lead on Chicago's last power-play opportunity.", u'It was not immediately clear why Bishop did not finish the game.', u'The best-of-seven series shifts to Chicago for Game 3 on Monday night, with the teams tied 1-1.', u'___', u'9:48 p.m.', u'Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop has exited Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final again with less than eight minutes remaining in regulation.', u'___', u'9:45 p.m.', u'Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop has returned after briefly leaving the game and being replaced by Andrei Vasilevskiy during a Lightning power-play opportunity that led to a goal for Jason Garrison.', u'Garrison put the Eastern Conference champions back on top 4-3 with 11:11 remaining in the third period.', u'Garrison scored his second goal of the playoffs on a shot that deflected off the skate of a Chicago player before continuing past goalie Corey Crawford.', u"It's unclear why Bishop left the game, though announcers on television said they believed he was adjusting his equipment. He returned after the goal was scored.", u'If the score remains 4-3, Vasilevskiy will get his first career playoff win.', u'___', u'9:33 p.m.', u"Chicago's Brent Seabrook scored at 3:38 of the third period to make it 3-3 in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.", u"Jonathan Toews and Johnny Oduya assisted on the goal, which was reviewed after Lightning goalie Ben Bishop complained that he may have been interfered with on the play, with a player's stick near the pad on his left shin.", u"The shot through heavy traffic in front of the net went over Bishop's left leg.", u'___', u'9:22 p.m.', u'Chicago coach Joel Quenneville has split up his two stars for the third period, putting captain Jonathan Toews on a line with Brandon Saad and Marian Hossa.', u'Toews was with Patrick Kane in the first two periods, but the duo generated just one combined shot.', u'___', u'9:15 p.m.', u'The Lightning lead Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final 3-2 after 40 minutes, following a fast-paced second period in which each team scored twice.', u"Tampa Bay goalie Ben Bishop has stopped 17 of 19 shots through two periods. Chicago's Corey Crawford has stopped 19 of 22 shots.", u'Lightning center Tyler Johnson ended a five-game scoring drought with his NHL-leading 13th goal of the playoffs.', u'Earlier in the day, he said he didn\'t feel pressure to score, but did feel like he and the rest of Tampa Bay\'s potent "Triplets" line \u2014 Nikita Kucherov and Ondrej Palat \u2014 had been "playing just average."', u'Kucherov also stepped up with a goal and an assist in the second period.', u'"It\'s always nice to get goals. ... But there\'s a lot more to the game than scoring goals," Johnson said after Tampa Bay\'s morning skate.', u'"We were still winning games, those games I haven\'t scored. So as long as we\'re winning it doesn\'t matter. I want to be better," he said. "I want to play better and be the best I can, but there are a lot more aspects I want to work on my game than scoring goals."', u'___', u'8:54 p.m.', u"The Lightning have gone ahead again, taking a 3-2 lead with six minutes remaining in the second period on Tyler Johnson's playoff-leading 13th goal.", u"His backshot shot rolled up the back of Corey Crawford's body when the Chicago goalie failed to get close enough to the left post to keep the puck from rolling into the net. Nikita Kucherov assisted on the goal.", u'Johnson had gone five games without scoring. He and Kucherov are part of the "Triplets" line that has accounted for more than half of Tampa Bay\'s goals during the playoffs.', u'___', u'8:53 p.m.', u"Marian Hossa's assist on Tuevo Teravainen's goal was the 92nd of his 190-game playoff career, tying him with Gordie Howe and Scott Stevens for 28th place in league history.", u'He had been tied with Chicago hero Stan Mikita in 30th place.', u'___', u'8:35 p.m.', u'Chicago scored two quick goals to flip a deficit into a one-goal lead, but Tampa Bay responded quickly with a goal of its own to tie the second game of the Stanley Cup Final at 2-2 midway through the second period.', u"The Blackhawks tied it 1-1 on Andrew Shaw's tap-in on a shot that never reached Ben Bishop. Andrew Desjardins shot into heavy traffic in front of the net. The puck slid into the crease where Shaw reached out and put it in the net.", u"They went ahead just 2 minutes, 14 seconds later on Tuevo Teravainen's power-play goal, his second goal of the series.", u'Tampa Bay quickly tied the game on a goal from Nikita Kucherov.', u'___', u'8:29 p.m.', u'The second period is underway in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.', u"The Blackhawks finished killing Tampa Bay's first power-play opportunity and there's been a scoring change on Paquette's goal.", u"Initially announced as unassisted at 12:56 of the first period, Tampa Bay's Ryan Callahan and Victor Hedman have been credited with assists.", u'___', u'8:10 p.m.', u"The Blackhawks didn't dress young defenseman Trevor van Riemsdyk for Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final, but they're still essentially relying on four blueliners.", u"Kyle Cumiskey played only three shifts in the first period, but wasn't able to help when Paquette scored for Tampa Bay.", u'David Rundblad played six shifts, but was on the ice for only 1:49. Brent Seabrook played a whopping 10:16, and Duncan Keith logged 9:20.', u'___', u'8:07 p.m.', u'The Lightning vowed to come out more aggressive in Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final on Saturday night. So far, they have.', u'They outshot the Blackhawks 12-11 in the first 20 minutes, and will begin the second period with a 1-0 lead and 28 seconds remaining on the first power-play opportunity of the game.', u'___', u'7:56 p.m.', u"Cedric Paquette scored an unassisted goal on a wrist shot from the right circle to give the Lightning a 1-0 lead with just over seven minutes remaining in the first period of Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final. It's his second goal of the playoffs.", u'Tampa Bay is 9-1 when scoring first in the playoffs. The lone loss was in Game 1 of the Cup final. Chicago is 4-4 when opponents score first.', u'___', u'7:50 p.m.', u'Game 2 is off to a rousing start with both teams playing aggressively and working for scoring chances.', u'Tampa\'s "Triplets" line \u2014 Tyler Johnson, Ondrej Palat and Nikita Kucherov \u2014 got two shots in the opening 6 minutes, matching its combined total from all of Game 1. Johnson also rang a shot off Corey Crawford\'s post.', u'___', u'7:45 p.m.', u'Goalies Corey Crawford and Ben Bishop are both busy early.', u'Tampa Bay got off five shots and Chicago four in the first five minutes of the game.', u'The sellout crowd prematurely began to celebrate when a shot by Cedric Paquette hit the side of the net and the foghorn blew briefly as play continued.', u'___', u'7:30 p.m.', u"Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is underway after a rousing pregame ceremony featuring video highlights of the Lightning's playoff run to the championship round and Game 1 on Wednesday night.", u"It's also official: forward Bryan Bickell is out for the Blackhawks, and rookie forward Jonathan Drouin in for the Lightning. Drouin replaces defenseman Nikita Nesterov in move aimed at generating more offense from Tampa Bay's secondary lines.", u'___', u'6:40 p.m.', u"The Chicago Blackhawks say they're approaching Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final as a must win situation, even though they rallied for a 2-1 win in the series opener.", u'The Lightning scored in the first five minutes and used a defense-first game plan to protect the lead perfectly until Chicago scored twice during a two-minute span in the third period to escape with the victory.', u"After a two day break, Lightning coach Jon Cooper could increase playing time for star Steven Stamkos, who wasn't on the ice for the final 51 seconds of Game 1.", u"Cooper gave a testy response Saturday morning when asked whether he plans to play Stamkos more. The player who's led the league twice in goals scored played just over 17 minutes in Game 1, more than 2 minutes less than his average during the regular season.", u'"I don\'t know what that means. Should I just play him the whole game, like all 60?" Cooper said.', u'When the reporter suggested maybe the three-time All-Star maybe should play somewhere between 18 and 22 minutes, Cooper fired back.', u'"Eighteen, OK. So if he plays 20 minutes, I should give him two more shifts," the coach said, "I\'ll think about that tonight."', u'Stamkos scored 43 goals during the regular season, ranking second in the NHL.', u'Stamkos led Lightning forwards in playing time during the regular season. Five other forwards \u2014 Ondrej Palat, Tyler Johnson, Alex Killorn, Valtteri Filppula and Nikita Kucherov all were on the ice more during Game 1.', u'___', u'6:15 p.m.', u'Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final is the 200th NHL playoff game for Blackhawks coach Joel Quenneville, who guided Chicago to Stanley Cup titles in 2010 and 2013.', u"He's the third coach to reach that plateau, joining Scotty Bowman (353) and Al Arbour (209). His 112 postseason wins also rank third all-time behind Bowman (223), currently a senior advisor for the Blackhawks, and Arbour (123).", u'Bowman, who lives in Sarasota, Florida, is at Amalie Arena for the final. He has won 13 Stanley Cups, including a record nine as a coach. The other four have come in management roles, two with the Blackhawks.', u'Asked which is more difficult, coaching in the Final or watching from his seat in the press box, the Hall of Famer said: "It\'s tougher watching because when you\'re coaching you can do something about it. When you\'re in the press box you can\'t do anything."', u"There's a good side to not being behind the bench, too.", u'"You can\'t get criticized if you do something stupid," he said, laughing.', u'___', u'5:40 p.m.', u"Lightning rookie left wing Jonathan Drouin said he'll skate with the team in warmups on Saturday before Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final.", u"The third overall pick in the 2013 draft has been a healthy scratch for 10 consecutive games, dating to Game 4 of Tampa Bay's second-round series against Montreal. He's appeared in just three postseason games, and concedes it's not easy to retain confidence when you're not playing.", u'He vowed earlier Saturday to be ready if Cooper inserts him into the lineup.', u'"There\'s not much I can do about it,\' Drouin said. "If it was my decision, I\'d be on the ice every night."', u"The rookie said he understands why he's not playing as much as he'd like, however that doesn't make it any easier to accept.", u'"Look at our team, our depth. They\'re the reason we\'re in the Stanley Cup. We have a lot of good forwards and a lot of good D. It\'s a hard lineup to crack," Drouin said. "You look, Mark Barberio is a really good defenseman and has trouble getting in any night. Same for me. It is hard, though."', u"Cooper would not say whether Drouin would play. He didn't sound overly concerned, though, about how well the young forward might be capable of playing after a long layoff.", u'"Your job as a player, you have to be a pro. You have to make yourself ready," Cooper said.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Greg Beacham contributed to this report.']), ([u'American Pharoah Runs Into History With Triple Crown'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  By mid-stretch, Bob Baffert knew it. American Pharoah was going to win the ', u'.', u'He took his eyes off the horse to soak in the crazed scene of the packed grandstand. Fans jumped up and down, hugged, and tossed drinks in the air.', u"The race wasn't even over yet, and the crowd knew it, too. Thirty-seven years of waiting to see one of the rarest feats in sports was almost over.", u'"The crowd was just thundering and I was just enjoying the crowd and the noise and everything happening," the white-haired trainer said. "What a feeling."', u'Finally, a Triple Crown winner. And this one was never in doubt.', u'American Pharoah led all the way to win the ', u' by 5 \xbd lengths on Saturday, becoming the first horse since 1978 to sweep the ', u', ', u" and Belmont Stakes \u2014 one of the sporting world's rarest feats.", u'"Wow! Wow!" jockey Victor Espinoza said moments after crossing the finish line. "I can only tell you it is just an amazing thing."', u'The bay colt with the unusually short tail easily defeated seven rivals in the grueling 1 1/2-mile race, covering the distance in 2:26.65 \u2014 sixth-fastest in Belmont history \u2014 to end the longest stretch without a Triple Crown champion in history.', u'"That little horse, he deserved it," said Baffert, who at 62 is the second-oldest trainer of a Triple Crown winner. "He\'s the one that did it. We were basically just passengers."', u'American Pharoah is the 12th horse and first since Affirmed in 1978 to win three races on different tracks at varying distances over a five-week span. He won the Derby by one length on May 2 and then romped to a seven-length victory in the rainy Preakness two weeks later before demolishing his rivals Saturday.', u'Baffert and Espinoza ended their own frustrating histories in the Triple Crown. Baffert finally won on his record fourth Triple try, having lost in 1997, 1998 (by a nose) and in 2002. Espinoza got it done with his record third shot after failing to win in 2002 and last year on California Chrome.', u'"I was prepared for somebody coming because I\'ve been through this so many times," Baffert said.', u'Nobody did.', u'Espinoza hustled American Pharoah to the lead leaving the No. 5 post and quickly got him over to the rail. Materiality was on his outside in second, but never applied any serious pressure traveling along the backstretch before falling away on the second turn.', u'American Pharoah started kicking away heading into the final turn. He opened up on the field as he powered through the 1,097-yard stretch, displaying his fluid, springloaded stride in which he appears to float over the ground.', u'"It\'s just an amazing feeling that you have when you\'re 20 yards from the wire," Espinoza said. "And then at the wire I was like, \'I cannot believe I did it.\'"', u"American Pharoah ran the final quarter-mile \u2014 a stretch that has dashed numerous Triple Crown dreams \u2014 in 24.32 seconds, faster than Secretariat's time of 25 seconds in winning the 1973 Belmont.", u'"That\'s a hell of a horse," said Gary Stevens, who finished seventh aboard Tale of Verve. "The race was over in the third jump from the gate."', u'After making his way back to the crowd, Espinoza took American Pharoah nearly the length of the sprawling grandstand so fans could pay their respects to the champion.', u'As the horses were heading to the starting gate, owner Ahmed Zayat was overflowing with confidence and turned to his wife.', u'"I told her, \'Get ready to be the owner of the 12th Triple Crown winner,\'" he said.', u'Baffert felt equally good, sensing American Pharoah was on the verge of a winning performance when he saddled the horse in the shady paddock.', u'"I said to put him on the lead and go for it, and if he doesn\'t make it, don\'t worry about it," the trainer said, "but he just kept on rocking and rolling."', u'Sent off as the overwhelming 3-5 favorite, American Pharoah paid $3.50, $2.80 and $2.50.', u'Frosted returned $3.50 and $2.90, while Keen Ice was another two lengths back in third and paid $4.60 to show.', u'Mubtaahij was fourth, followed by Frammento, Madefromlucky, Tale of Verve and Materiality.', u"American Pharoah delivered a victory for the Egyptian-born Zayat, who bred the colt and put him up for sale before buying him back for $300,000. His name came from the family's online contest, in which a woman from Missouri submitted the winning moniker, but the misspelling \u2014 it should be pharaoh \u2014 wasn't noticed until the name was already official.", u'American Pharoah joined the exclusive club of Triple Crown winners Sir Barton (1919), Gallant Fox (1930), Omaha (1935), War Admiral (1937), Whirlaway (1941), Count Fleet (1943), Assault (1946), Citation (1948), Secretariat (1973), Seattle Slew (1977) and Affirmed.', u"A sign with American Pharoah's name and silks was quickly put up in the infield next to the 11 other Triple Crown winners.", u"The crowd of 90,000 \u2014 capped to avoid overcrowding and long lines from last year's total of 102,199 \u2014 roared as American Pharoah turned for home.", u"It's unlikely the champion heard them since American Pharoah wears ear plugs to block noise that might get him worked up.", u"Since 1978, the rigors of the Triple Crown had done in 13 other horses who won the Derby and the Preakness \u2014 with 12 losing the third leg and I'll Have Another scratched with a leg injury in 2012. Their failures left the sport and its fans craving a worthy successor to the 11 previous champions.", u'American Pharoah \u2014 his tail shortened after being bitten off on a farm when he was a youngster \u2014 turned out to be that horse.', u'"I was really getting to dislike this trophy \u2014 it\'s come with a lot of misery," Baffert said of the sterling silver Triple Crown trophy housed for the last 37 years in the Kentucky Derby museum.', u'"But it\'s owed to the fans of New York that kept paying their money, showing up, hoping. They finally got it."', u"Unlike Affirmed, who dueled Alydar in all three races, American Pharoah didn't have a specific rival since he was the only horse to run in all three Triple Crown races. Going into the Belmont, American Pharoah had beaten all of his seven challengers before.", u'And when the race known as "The Test of the Champion" came?', u'He passed, with flying colors.']), ([u'The 12 Horses That Have Won the Triple Crown'], [u"(Reuters) - The 12 horses that have won U.S. horse racing's ", u" after American Pharoah's victory in the ", u' on Saturday.', u'The Triple Crown, for three-year-old Thoroughbreds, consists of the ', u', the ', u' and Belmont Stakes.', u'-', u'Sir Barton (1919)', u'Gallant Fox (1930)', u'Omaha (1935)', u'War Admiral (1937)', u'Whirlaway (1941)', u'Count Fleet (1943)', u'Assault (1946)', u'Citation (1948)', u'Secretariat (1973)', u'Seattle Slew (1977)', u'Affirmed (1978)', u'American Pharoah (2015)', u'(Compiled by Gene Cherry, editing by Steve Ginsburg)']), ([u'Antron Brown Takes No. 1 Spot in Top Fuel Qualifying'], [u'ENGLISHTOWN, N.J. \u2014  Antron Brown raced to his third consecutive No. 1 qualifying position in Top Fuel on Saturday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park.', u'Brown, from nearby Chesterfield, pushed his dragster to the No. 1 spot with a 3.725-second run at 317.57 mph. The 2012 series champion has two victories this season.', u'"We\'re very excited, especially being back here at the Toyota NHRA Summernationals here in Englishtown," Brown said. "It feels good to be back in front of all of our family and all of our friends and right now our car has been running exceptionally well.', u'"We\'re getting the bugs worked out of it and we\'re still growing with our combinations. We\'re looking forward to tomorrow and we\'re ready to get after it."', u'Cruz Pedregon topped the Funny Car field, Greg Anderson was the fastest in Pro Stock, and Chip Ellis led the Pro Stock Motorcycle field. Pedregon had a 3.967 at 306.53 in a Toyota Camry, Anderson finished in 6.479 at 214.76 in a Chevrolet Camaro, and Ellis had a 6.801 at 197.16 on a Buell.']), ([u'American Pharoah Captures U.S. Triple Crown'], [u"ELMONT, New York \u2014  American Pharoah entered the pantheon of U.S. thoroughbred racing's all-time greats by winning the ", u" wire-to-wire on Saturday to become the first horse to capture the coveted '", u"' in nearly four decades.", u'In winning a seventh straight race, American Pharoah became the 12th horse and first since Affirmed in 1978 to sweep the ', u', ', u' and Belmont Stakes.', u'As he crossed the finish line, jockey Victor Espinoza pumped his fist as the crowd of 90,000 at sold-out Belmont Park roared.', u'Fans raised their arms in delight, with scores taking pictures to capture one of the rarest moments in sports.', u'Espinoza, who failed twice before to win the Triple Crown by losing the Belmont Stakes, did not have to wait long before knowing the third time would be the charm.', u'"I\u2019m telling you at the first turn, that was the best feeling I ever had," he said. "The way he runs and stretches legs, and the way he hits the ground, it doesn\u2019t feel like you\u2019re going that fast. It feels like he\u2019s in slow motion."', u'Wood Memorial winner Frosted finished second, 5-1/2 lengths behind American Pharoah, while Keen Ice grabbed the show spot.', u"The victory secured American Pharoah trainer Bob Baffert's first Triple Crown after the Hall of Famer was denied three previous times at the Belmont Stakes, with Silver Charm in 1997, Real Quiet in 1998 and War Emblem in 2002.", u'"I was prepared for somebody coming (in the stretch) because I\u2019ve gone through this so many times," said Baffert. But, he added, at the eighth pole: "I knew he was going to do it."', u'"All I did was take in the crowd," he said. "The crowd was thundering. I was just enjoying the call and the crowd, the noise."', u'American Pharoah, the muscular son of 2009 Kentucky Derby runner-up Pioneerof the Nile, now has seven victories in eight career starts.', u'The winning time of 2:26.65 for a mile-and-a-half over a fast track was well off the record of 2:24 set in 1973 by Triple Crown winner Secretariat.', u'American Pharoah held a two-length lead over Frosted at the top of the stretch before widening it out and winning easily.', u'"It\'s exciting because we have not seen this for so long," Frosted jockey Joel Rosario said. "The winner really looked brilliant."', u"Prior to American Pharoah's victory in the eight-horse field on Saturday, 13 horses since Affirmed's 1978 Triple Crown had triumphed in the Kentucky Derby and Preakness but failed to win the Belmont, the longest and most demanding of the three races.", u'"I wasn\u2019t as nervous as I usually am before these because I really felt I had the horse," said Baffert. "When I saddled him I could tell. I told Victor in the paddock, \'Dude, he is ready, ride him with confidence.\u2019 And he did."', u'American Pharoah won the May 2 Derby by a length and two weeks later claimed the Preakness Stakes by a jaw-dropping seven lengths in a driving rainstorm.', u"He was the only horse to run in all three of the Triple Crown races this year. The bay colt's owner, Ahmed Zayat, said he would like to keep the sport's newest rock star on the track through the end of the year.", u"Zayat has already sold American Pharoah's breeding rights.", u'"We would like to enjoy him as long as we can," he said. "I personally made a promise to my family and to the fans -- we need to enjoy our stars and race them as long as we possibly could."', u"American Pharoah's triumph in the $1.5 million Belmont Stakes ended the longest-ever Triple Crown drought.", u'"Thirty-seven years we\'ve waited for this," said Baffert. "What a feeling. It\'s probably going to take a few days to sink in."', u'(Additional reporting by Larry Fine; Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Bumgarner Ks 11, Overcomes Francoeur Slam, Giants Top Phils'], [u'PHILADELPHIA \u2014  Madison Bumgarner struck out 11, overcoming a grand slam by Jeff Francoeur to pitch the San Francisco Giants past the Philadelphia Phillies 7-5 Saturday.', u'Bumgarner (7-2) gave up the slam and a solo homer by Andres Blanco. The reigning World Series MVP gave up six hits and walked none in eight innings.', u'Bumgarner hit two singles and drove in a run as the Giants posted their fifth straight road win.', u'Nori Aoki got three hits and drove in two runs. He raised his major league-leading road batting average to .407.', u'Santiago Casilla pitched a scoreless ninth for his 17th save in 19 chances.', u'The Phillies have lost 10 of 12.', u'Severino Gonzalez (2-2) gave up six runs in 2 2-3 innings.', u'The start of the game was delayed 29 minutes by rain.', u"Angel Pagan's RBI single and Brandon Belt's sacrifice fly made it 2-0 in the first. The Giants scored four more in the third to go in front 6-0.", u"Matt Duffy had an RBI single and Gonzalez's balk allowed the second run to score. After Philadelphia manager Ryne Sandberg lifted Gonzalez, Aoki singled up the middle off Dustin McGowan to score two runs.", u'The Phillies got four runs back in the fourth. Bumgarner had been cruising along, allowing one single, before he sandwiched a pair of singles around a hit batter to load the bases with no outs. After Darin Ruf struck out, Francoeur drove a 1-0 pitch into the seats in left field for his second career grand slam.', u"The Giants tacked a run on in the seventh on Bumgarner's RBI single off Elvis Araujo to make it 7-4.", u'Blanco hit a solo homer with one out in the eighth to pull Philadelphia within two runs.', u"Joe Panik singled in the Giants' first to increase his hitting streak to 11 consecutive games.", u'Belt went 0 for 3 and is now 0 for 17 in Philadelphia. He was the lone Giants player in the starting lineup to go hitless.', u'Slumping Philadelphia SS Freddy Galvis went 0 for 3 and is hitless in his last 29 at-bats.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Giants: OF Hunter Pence (wrist) missed his third straight game.', u"Phillies: Panik's first-inning single was lined off the glove and pitching hand of Gonzalez. Sandberg and the Phillies trainer came to the mound, and Gonzalez made five warmup tosses before declaring himself OK to continue.", u'UP NEXT', u'Giants: RHP Ryan Vogelsong (4-3, 4.26) starts Sunday. Against Philadelphia, Vogelsong is 1-0 with a 3.86 ERA in six career games, three of which were starts. However, he allowed a career-high 11 hits and three runs in three innings in his lone start against the Phillies last year.', u"Phillies: RHP Sean O'Sullivan (1-4, 5.03) will look to rebound after giving up 20 hits and 11 runs in 11 1-3 innings over his last two starts. He is 1-1 with a 2.25 ERA in two career games against the Giants."]), ([u'Luis Suarez Scores Decisive Goal, Still Annoys'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Never one to avoid controversy, Luis Suarez came through for Barcelona just when it needed him most.', u'After missing several chances, the Uruguayan striker scored the goal that broke the back of Juventus in the Champions League final, then drove Juventus fans to distraction, feigning injury as Barcelona fought to prevent another Juventus rally.', u"Suarez's 68th minute goal gave Barcelona the lead after Juventus had come back to level Saturday's final at Berlin's Olympic stadium. At 1-1, Juventus was playing with coinfidence and aggression until the goal that took Barca to 2-1, a lead it never looked likely to surrender.", u"Barcelona took a risk on the controversial player by signing him away from Liverpool and Suarez has proven worth it by scoring 25 goals this season despite competing for goals with world beaters Lionel Messi and Neymar. Barcelona completed a treble on Saturday by also sweeping the two domestic titles for the second time in the club's history.", u'"You can\'t ask for more. These three titles, and finish it by winning the Champions League," Suarez said. "The truth is that I don\'t have words to express the happiness or the grandeur of this team this season. This has been one of a kind."', u'Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon palmed away a shot by Lionel Messi but Suarez was there to tap the ball home. Suarez then jumped over the advertising boards behind the goal, another fence and ran toward Barcelona fans, followed by his teammates.', u'"Both teams had their chances," he said. "Another goal in the first half would have given us more control, but you can\'t ask for anything more.', u'"We won\'t see this (treble) happen again very often. All my words fall short," Suarez said.', u'The celebration in front of their fans took a good four minutes, if not more.', u'The decisive goal may help Suarez put behind his past biting incidents. Suarez had a late start to the season because of a four-month ban for biting Italy and Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup. He is still suspended for the Copa America this year. Chiellini was injured on Saturday, but another old enemy, Patrice Evra, was playing for the Italian team. Suarez was banned for racially abusing Evra when the two played in England in 2011.', u'Suarez got the crucial goal, but also displayed a range of antics.', u'He feigned a serious injury, only to be back on the pitch immediately after limping off the field, wasting a couple of minutes as the clock ticked toward the end.', u"When he was substituted in injury time, Suarez walked slowly, shaking hands and hugging everyone along the way. Another minute or two off the clock. The game went seven minutes into stoppage time and Neymar scored Barcelona's final with seconds remaining for the 3-1 final score."]), ([u'Analysis-Barca and Juve Provide Perfect Antidote to FIFA Stench'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Barcelona triumphed over fellow European giants Juventus in a superb Champions League final on Saturday that was the perfect antidote to the stench coming out of Zurich in the wake of the FIFA corruption scandal.', u"Barca's dazzling attacking play and Juve's resilience, which  kept them in the game until Neymar wrapped up a 3-1 win in stoppage time, recalled the free-scoring early years of the competition in the 1950s and 1960s and provided a wonderful finale to the 60th season of UEFA's flagship club competition.", u'From the moment Croatia midfielder Ivan Rakitic swept Barca ahead in the fourth minute the match held the promise that something special was about to unfold -- and it did.', u'Both teams went looking for goals.', u'Barca could have had three goals in the first 15 minutes, Juventus, once they settled, created several chances and could easily have scored more than the one goal they got.', u'As if to underline that the game is about putting the ball in the net and not envelopes in back pockets, three times in the second half Barcelona broke with five men streaming forwards.', u'Lionel Messi, who for once failed to score, Luis Suarez, who did after 68 minutes, and Neymar, who added the third, ended the season with a staggering 122 goals between them.', u"Their brilliance in front of goal has brought Barca a fifth European crown and their second treble in seven seasons, but the real key to the game's majesty was that Juventus were still in with a chance until Neymar scored with the last kick.", u'CLASSIC MOVE', u"The Italians were undone for the first goal by a move, involving 16 passes in the build-up, that included all 10 of Barca's outfield players as Andres Iniesta provided the final ball for Rakitic to sweep past goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon.", u"But Juve forwards Carlos Tevez and Alvaro Morata continually threatened to produce something and finally did after 55 minutes when Barca's German keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen parried Tevez's shot but was unable to stop Morata following up on the rebound.", u"Juve's joy did not last long, though, as Suarez scored 13 minutes later when he also pounced on a rebound to make it 2-1.", u'Almost a year ago, Suarez was the most vilified man in football after biting Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup, but he found redemption with what looked like the winner until Neymar arrowed in the third.', u"Barca's defence, with Gerard Pique and Javier Mascherano outstanding, was also inspired on the night, and it had to be.", u'The Italian double winners served up some wonderful inter-passing of their own that recalled some of the glorious movement typical of the Juve team starring Michel Platini in the 1980s.', u"That side's major honour came on the night of the Heysel Stadium disaster 30 years ago last week when Platini, now UEFA president, scored with a penalty in a 1-0 win over Liverpool.", u"Although he wished his old club had won on Saturday, there was no mistaking his pleasure in handing Xavi the trophy as Barca's talisman celebrated his last match for the club after more than 750 appearances by lifting the European Cup.", u"It was a night that in the end belonged to Barcelona but, more importantly perhaps, helped restore the game's reputation after a calamitous two weeks in which it has been reeling from corruption allegations surrounding world governing body FIFA.", u'(Reporting by Mike Collett; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Xavi Ends Barca Career in Style With European Triumph'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Xavi brought his glittering Barcelona career to a fitting and emotional end when he hoisted aloft the European Cup following a 3-1 victory over Juventus in the Champions League final on Saturday.', u'Considered one of the finest midfielders of all time, Xavi announced last month he was leaving after more than two decades with the club he joined at the age of 11 during which he has won 25 trophies including four Champions Leagues and eight La Liga titles.', u"He was welcomed with a huge roar by the Barca fans thronging one end of Berlin's Olympic Stadium when he replaced Andres Iniesta in the 78th minute of his 767th and final outing for Barca before he joins Qatari club Al Sadd.", u"Pulling on the captain's armband for the last time, the 35-year-old set a record of 151 appearances in Europe's elite club competition, one more than Real Madrid goalkeeper and close friend Iker Casillas.", u'"Not even in the best possible dream could I be so happy," Xavi told Spanish television. "There are no words, I can\'t ask for any more, to leave this way is perfect.', u'"There is already a feeling of nostalgia. Knowing that you won\'t play for this team again is tough."', u'Xavi, who is planning to go into coaching when he finally hangs up his boots, was also the tireless dynamo at the heart of a magnificent run for Spain.', u'He helped end a 44-year trophy drought at Euro 2008 and went on to lead La Roja to their first World Cup success in 2010 and another continental crown two years later.', u"Xavi was close to leaving Barca when they failed to win a major trophy last season and he decided to retire from internationals following Spain's first-round exit at the 2014 World Cup.", u"Barca coach Luis Enrique, a former team mate, persuaded him to stay on and he has made a vital contribution as the club became the first to win La Liga, the King's Cup and Champions League in the same season on two occasions.", u"Along with club mates Iniesta, Lionel Messi and Gerard Pique, Xavi has equaled former Netherlands midfielder Clarence Seedorf's record of four Champions League triumphs.", u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'NBA Finals Go on, With Warriors Seeming Even Bigger Favorite'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  The NBA Finals hyped as LeBron James vs. Stephen Curry now seems like James against the Golden State Warriors.', u'The Cavaliers are down another important player, with Kyrie Irving having surgery Saturday back in Cleveland to repair his fractured left kneecap.', u'And with what was an already short-handed Cavs team down 1-0 heading into Game 2 on Sunday night, a series that just started has the feel of one that could end quickly.', u'"(I) understand that we were the underdog coming into the series and with Kyrie being out people are writing us off," James said. "So, I mean, that\'s fine. That\'s fine. I\'m motivated to get our guys ready to go tomorrow and we will be ready."', u"James seemed more downcast as he spoke then a day earlier, before the Cavaliers had revealed the severity of Irving's injury following an MRI exam. Irving had been hurt previously in the postseason and Cleveland had won without him, but this time was different.", u'"Obviously, we\'ve been in this situation, but we always knew at some point he\'ll come back," James said. "Knowing that he\'s out for the rest of the finals and out for a period of a long time, first of all, it sucks for him personally. It\'s a huge blow for our team, especially at this stage."', u'The Warriors were already the favorites to win the championship after leading the NBA with 67 victories during the regular season. Now, with Irving joining Kevin Love on the sideline, the Warriors were trying to brush away the suggestions that not only should they win, but do it easily.', u'"No series is unlosable," center Andrew Bogut said. "Stranger things have happened and they\'re still a great team with arguably the best player in the world. Obviously they\'re going to have other guys that have to step up to help him get wins, but we can\'t take this team lightly."', u"Curry said the mood in the Warriors' locker room was no different than it was going into the series.", u'"There is no pressure or added pressure, I don\'t think, because our goal stays the same," Curry said. "We\'re not really listening to any outside noise or predictions, or who is favored to do what, because we control what we control. When we go out there and play, we\'ve got to play better than we did in Game 1, and that is really our only focus."', u'Both teams noted how closely the Cavs were to winning Game 1, and in fact the series nearly had a decidedly different feel.', u"James and Iman Shumpert both missed jumpers on the final possession of regulation. Had either gone in, the Cavs would be the team with the 1-0 lead and would've avoided the overtime period that featured Irving's injury, which coach David Blatt said came when the All-Star point guard was kneed in his knee.", u'Blatt acknowledged the difficulty of losses like Game 1, saying "they cost you some hours of sleep." But he said the Cavs had moved forward from it.', u'"You\'d love to see us at full strength, obviously, for the finals," he said. "The situation as it is, is what it is, and we are going to come out and play and play to win. Request no quarter and no sympathy. We\'ve got to come out and play, and play to win. That\'s it."', u"Matthew Dellavedova was likely to replace Irving for the Cavs, who aren't nearly as deep as the Warriors. James said he could maybe play 40 to 42 minutes in a finals game, but it's hard to imagine even he could do much more than the 44 points he scored in Game 1.", u'Still, Warriors coach Steve Kerr said he would remind his players that the Cavaliers were "still a great team."', u'"They won two games against Atlanta without Kyrie," he added. "They\'re still loaded with talent. They\'re going to be loose. Now all the spotlight is going to be on this injury and all that stuff. It can\'t affect us. We just go out and play and we\'ve got to do our thing."', u"The Warriors recalled having games during the regular season where they had a letdown because an opponent was without one of its top players and said they wouldn't let that happen now.", u'"We\'re not going to lay down for it just because their great player is out," reserve Andre Iguodala said.', u'___']), ([u"Guerrero May Miss Peru's Copa America Opener v Brazil"], [u"LIMA \u2014  Striker Paolo Guerrero is doubtful for Peru's Copa America opener against Brazil next week after injuring his ankle in a practice match on Saturday.", u'Guerrero had to leave the field during a game against the Peruvian under-22 team.', u'"Paolo\'s injury is a slight twist of the right ankle that is not serious," said team doctor Julio Segura.', u'"A player takes on average eight to 10 days to recover. We need to wait."', u"Guerrero, 31, has scored 21 international goals, more than any other player in the squad, and is within five of equalling Teofilo Cubillas' record.", u'Peru kick off their Copa campaign against Brazil on June 14. They then play Venezuela and Colombia.', u'(Writing by Andrew Downie, editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'Pettersen Takes One-Stroke Lead in Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'], [u'CAMBRIDGE, Ontario \u2014  Suzann Pettersen took a one-stroke lead Saturday in the Manulife LPGA Classic, making an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and closing with seven pars for a 6-under 66.', u'Pettersen had a 19-under 197 total at Whistle Bear Golf Club. Bothered by a shoulder injury this season, the 34-year-old Norwegian player won the last of her 14 LPGA Tour titles in 2013.', u'"I can only look upwards, only I can set the pace," Pettersen said. "Yeah, there\'s a lot of people in the hunt for this and the course is playing great. I think it\'s fun for the fans to see us shooting low scores and I\'m excited to go back out there tomorrow and fight it to the very end."', u"Colombia's Mariajo Uribe was second after a 67.", u'"I\'m a pretty aggressive player, so luckily I didn\'t have to change my strategy here," Uribe said. "I feel really confident right now, my driver\'s pretty straight, so I like it."', u"She won the tour's unofficial HSBC Brazil Cup in 2011.", u'Cristie Kerr was third at 17 under, also after a 67. The American won the Kia Classic in California in March for her 17th LPGA Tour title.', u'"I think you can\'t get too far back on a course like this," Kerr said. "You\'ve got to be able to stay within sight. Just got to play my own game and just start walking some putts in and put some pressure on the other people."', u'Petersen birdied the first three holes, eagled the par-5 ninth and made another birdie on No. 11.', u'"I got off to a fantastic start," Pettersen said. "Then, coming off 18, I don\'t know if I felt like I played that well today. I kind of dried up a little bit towards the end. ... Overall very happy, in a good position, but there\'s a good job to be done tomorrow."', u'Uribe rebounded from a bogey on No. 11 with birdies on 12 and 14.', u'"I just tried to stay patient, there\'s so many options there to make birdie," Uribe said. "I didn\'t really start that well, birdie on No. 1, and then didn\'t really make birdie til the end of the front nine, so just stayed patient there. I think of just my game."', u'Kerr saved par with 15-foot putt on No. 16 and closed with a 15-footer for birdie on 18.', u'"That was a great birdie on the last hole," Kerr said. "I think I jumped up in the air. I made a great putt on 16 and that was not an easy pin there, either. You know what, I was hitting so many good putts all day that nothing was dropping and I was getting a little frustrated. ... I just got really determined down at the end there to make up a couple so I stay within reach tomorrow."', u'Second-ranked Inbee Park, the winner last year at Grey Silo in Waterloo, had a 70 to reach 9 under. Top-ranked Lydia Ko also was tied for 32nd at 9 under after a 68.']), ([u'Vettel Handed Five Place Penalty in Canada'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was handed a five-place grid penalty at the Canadian Grand Prix on Saturday for overtaking while red warning flags were displayed in a disrupted final practice.", u'The demotion will send Vettel even further down the grid after an engine problem in qualifying had left him languishing in 15th place.', u"He would have been 16th but Dutch 17-year-old Max Verstappen, who qualified 12th, had a 15-place penalty -- five places as a result of a Monaco Grand Prix crash and a further 10 for exceeding his season's allocation of four engines.", u'Verstappen also has a 10-second penalty to be taken at his first pitstop.', u"Vettel, a four times world champion with Red Bull, was also handed three penalty points for passing Roberto Merhi's Manor after the session had been stopped because Jenson Button's McLaren had been left stranded on the track.", u'His Finnish team mate Kimi Raikkonen starts third on the grid.', u'Ferrari have not won in Montreal, at a circuit named after their late great Gilles Villeneuve, since Michael Schumacher in 2004 but had hoped to close the gap on Mercedes after performance upgrades on their engine.', u'Vettel, who has been on the podium in five of his first six races for Ferrari and won in Malaysia, had earlier told reporters he believed he could still have a good race on Sunday.', u'"We had a problem where we couldn\'t get full power," he said of qualifying. "Obviously we were losing a lot on the straights, which is a shame.', u'"We have a quick car so we should be able to make up a lot of ground," added the German.', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Gomez, Brewers Beat Twins Again, 4-2'], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  Carlos Gomez went 4 for 4 with a walk, tormenting his former team again with three RBIs over the last three innings to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4-2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday.', u'Gomez hit a two-run tiebreaking single in the seventh and an RBI double in the ninth. Matt Garza (4-7) threw seven strong innings, Ryan Braun homered for the first time in 12 days and the Brewers handed the Twins their second straight loss at home for the first time this year in front of the second-largest crowd at Target Field this season.', u'Francisco Rodriguez pitched a hitless ninth for his 10th save in 10 tries after Brian Dozier hit his 11th homer for the Twins off Jonathan Broxton in the eighth.', u'Ryan Pressly (3-2) avoided allowing any runs despite throwing 12 straight balls to start the fifth, but he gave up a leadoff single to Jean Segura in the seventh.', u'Gomez smacked the first pitch from Blaine Boyer, the third reliever of the inning, into center field to put the Brewers up 3-1.', u"This was Gomez's first four-hit game in more than a full year. He could have done even more damage had he not been thrown out twice on the bases.", u'Braun missed the game on Wednesday for a procedure designed to reduce inflammation in the joint, a similar remedy to what he tried after last season. He was held out on Friday, too. Since that game on Memorial Day when he last went deep, Braun was just 6 for 31 with two RBIs and one extra-base hit until he stepped in against J.R. Graham.', u"The 2011 National League MVP Award winner drove a 1-2 fastball from Graham into the grassy berm behind center field in the first inning, and another runner didn't cross the plate again until Joe Mauer drove in Brian Dozier with the tying single for the Twins in the sixth.", u"Garza, the first-round draft pick by the Twins in 2005, threw five shutout innings in relief for the win in Milwaukee's 17-inning victory over Arizona last Sunday. He retired the first 11 batters he faced until Mauer beat out an infield single when shortstop Segura took his time with the throw to first.", u'Garza let a sacrifice bunt try slide under his glove for an error in the fifth inning to load the bases with nobody out, but he escaped without a run by getting Aaron Hicks to pop out and Danny Santana to ground into a double play. Santana, who batted .319 last year as a rookie, has one hit in his last 21 at-bats to drop his average to .219.', u'Graham never pitched above Double-A prior to this season in the Atlanta organization but, as a Rule 5 draft pick, the Twins must keep him on the major league roster all year or offer him back to the Braves.', u'Minnesota has gradually brought him into more meaningful situations, and with a void in the rotation due to a doubleheader in Boston this week and another injury to Ricky Nolasco, the 25-year-old got his biggest assignment yet with his first major league start.', u'Graham threw 63 pitches in four innings, allowing six hits without a walk while striking out three.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Brewers: Braun\'s absence from the lineup on Friday was more precautionary on manager Craig Counsell\'s part. "I want him the closest to 100 percent we can get him. If it costs us a couple of games over the long term, that\'s the best way to do it," Counsell said.', u"Twins: Nolasco had the cortisone shot in his right ankle to relieve discomfort from a bone fragment, but general manager Terry Ryan said the effect of the injection on the right-hander's recovery won't be clear until he begins throwing next week.", u'UP NEXT', u'Mike Fiers (2-5, 4.06 ERA) will pitch for the Brewers in the series finale on Sunday with Mike Pelfrey (4-2, 2.59 ERA) taking the mound for the Twins. Fiers is coming off his best start of the season, six scoreless innings in a 1-0 victory at St. Louis with six baserunners allowed and six strikeouts. Pelfrey has allowed only three runs over his last three starts, spanning 20 innings.']), ([u'Forget Calendar Slam, Williams Eyes Second Serena Slam'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Serena Williams is a five-times Wimbledon champion but the American surprisingly declared on Saturday that she has "never really liked grass".', u"To complete the 'Serena Slam' for the second time in her career, the ", u' champion will need to conquer the lush green lawns of the All England Club from June 29-July 12.', u'For a player who won the first of her 20 grand slam titles way back in 1999, Williams has had to wait until the ripe old age of 33 to claim back-to-back Australian Open and ', u' titles.', u'While that has raised the possibility that she could become the first female since Steffi Graf in 1988 to capture the calendar Grand Slam of all four majors in a single year, the world number one is more interested in what comes next.', u'"I would never have expected at this time in my career to win three grand slams in a row. This for me is unbelievable," Williams told reporters after beating Czech Lucie Safarova 6-3 6-7 (2) 6-2 in the French Open final.', u'"I\'m really excited to have done this. I\'ve got a \'Serena Slam\' and I\'m close to another.', u'"At Wimbledon the monkey is on my back because I have not done well there in a couple of years. Considering how well I have done there for so many years, I now consistently do terrible there so that is the one I really want to do well in."', u'Williams has failed to make it past the fourth round in London for the last two years, a shock to the tennis world but not to her.', u'"I\'ve never really liked grass and I just don\'t know how I\'ve done so well," added Williams who had swapped her orange tennis dress for a blue-knitted top and black shorts.', u'"It\'s a slower surface, it\'ll help me out a little bit. Now if I get in a tough spot I know how to win whereas even two years ago I wasn\'t able to win those matches. That\'s going to help me out a lot."', u'With only Graf (22) and Margaret Court (24) ahead of her in the list of all-time grand slam winners, Williams has already cemented her place among the greats.', u'But, as for where she ranks among them, it is not something that keeps her awake at night.', u'"I promise you I\'m not even looking at it. When you are still playing and start thinking \'well I\'m here in the history books and soon I will be there\' ... then you become really satisfied," she said.', u'"I don\'t want to be satisfied. I want to keep going."', u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'Calcavecchia Grabs 1-Shot Champions Tour Lead in Iowa'], [u"DES MOINES, Iowa \u2014  Mark Calcavecchia was carrying groceries into his brother-in-law's house on Thanksgiving morning when he stumbled.", u"Calcavecchia's right hand went through two panes of glass, slashing a tendon and leaving a finger dangling. Six months later, the 1989 British Open champion is finally playing like his old self.", u"Calcavecchia made a 15-foot birdie putt on the final hole Saturday for a 4-under 68 and a one-stroke lead heading into the final round of the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic.", u'"I like it here," said Calcavecchia, who grew up in nearby Laurel, Nebraska. "A lot of good things going on here for me."', u'Calcavecchia had a 9-under 135 total at Wakonda Club.', u'Joe Durant was second after a 68. Paul Goydos, Brian Henninger and Michael Allen were tied for third at 7 under, all shooting 70.', u"The 54-year-old Calcavecchia had surgery in early December. He couldn't swing a club for three months, and the lingering pain has limited the time he can spend on the range.", u'Calcavecchia entered the week with just one top-10 finish in seven events. He has two career victories on the 50-and-over tour after winning 13 times on the PGA Tour.', u'"There\'s still a whole bunch of guys that can win. So, basically (Sunday), I\'m just trying to do what I\'m doing," said Calcavecchia, who has notched top 10s in each of his four previous trips to Iowa.', u"Durant bogeyed his first hole Saturday. He rallied, briefly holding the lead before Calcavecchia's strong finish.", u"He'll join Calcavecchia in Sunday's final group in search of his second win of the year.", u'"I just didn\'t get flustered," Durant said. "I think you just have to stay very patient on this golf course. ... The leaderboard is really bunched up. Someone is going to come out and shoot a good round. It\'s going to take a good round from any of us to have a chance to win. But you just play the first round to put yourself in position."', u'Billy Andrade, tied for the first-round lead after a 66, double-bogeyed his first hole Saturday and stumbled to a 76.  He was tied for 32nd at 2 under', u'Jose Coceres, who joined Andrade atop the first-round leaderboard, shot a 73 to drop into a tie for 11th at 5 under.', u"One of tour's oldest players made one of the best shots in the 15-year history of the Iowa event.", u'Larry Nelson, 67, used an 8-iron to ace the 172-yard 17th hole. It was the second hole-in-one for Nelson on the Champions Tour. He celebrated by tossing his ball to the crowd.', u'Nelson was tied for 42nd at 1 under after a 70.']), ([u'Rodriguez Pitches 7 Strong Innings, Rangers Beat Royals'], [u'KANSAS CITY, Mo. \u2014  Wandy Rodriguez pitched seven strong innings and the Texas Rangers defeated the Kansas City Royals 4-2 Saturday for their seventh win in eight games.', u'Texas has won six straight series for the first time since 2012. The AL champion Royals have lost nine of 11.', u'Rodriguez (3-2), a 36-year-old lefty who signed with the Rangers in early April after Atlanta released him in spring training, gave up one run and six hits. He walked none and struck out four.', u'Shawn Tolleson gave up a home run to Salvador Perez in the ninth, but picked up his seven seventh save in as many opportunities.', u'Yordano Ventura (3-5) continued to struggle early, allowing four runs in the first two innings. He threw 78 pitches and was pulled after the third in his shortest outing of the season.', u'Ventura has a 6.14 ERA in the first two innings in his 11 starts with opponents hitting .314 off him. He has yielded 15 runs on 27 hits, seven walks and two hit batters in the first two innings.', u'Ventura gave up six hits, walked two and hit a batter against Texas.', u"The Royals avoided their second straight shutout when Jarrod Dyson led off the sixth with a double, his fifth straight hit, and scored on Mike Moustakas' single.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: 1B-OF Kyle Blanks (cyst removed) ran the bases before the game and could be activated in the next few days.', u'Royals: LHP Danny Duffy (biceps tendinitis) threw off the mound Saturday and could begin a rehab assignment next week.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: RHP Colby Lewis has an 8.86 ERA in his past four starts, but has won two of them.', u'Royals: RHP Jeremy Guthrie is 23-11 with a 2.70 ERA with Kansas City in games when he has not allowed a home run. He is 14-18 with a 5.57 ERA when he yields at least one HR.']), ([u"Cavaliers' Irving Has Successful Surgery on Fractured Kneecap"], [u'(Reuters) - Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving had surgery on Saturday to repair his fractured left kneecap, a procedure described as successful by the National Basketball Association team.', u'Irving underwent surgery as the injury-depleted Cavs prepared to face the Golden State Warriors in Game Two of the NBA Finals on Sunday.', u'Already trailing after losing Game One of the best-of-seven series, the Cavs will be without two of their three regular starters, Irving and the previously injured Kevin Love, and must depend even more on four-time NBA Most Valuable Player LeBron James.', u"\u201cIrving's return to basketball activity is projected to be in three to four months and appropriate updates will be issued as he moves through the recovery process,\u201d the Cavaliers said in a statement.", u'Irving, 23, who has been bothered with tendinitis in the same knee for the past six weeks. He incurred the fracture in an awkward fall during overtime of Game One on Thursday.', u'He had 23 points in the game along with seven rebounds, six assists, four steals and two blocked shots. His timely block from behind on Stephen Curry late in the fourth quarter helped the Cavs force overtime.', u'Despite the absence of Irving and Love, four-time NBA most Valuable Player James, who had a game-high 44 points in the loss, is nonetheless talking up his team\u2019s chances.', u'"The good thing about it, we\'ve been in this position before," James said.', u'"It\'s something that\'s not new to us. So next man up, and guys will be ready for the challenge."', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Slick Barca Cruise Past Juventus to Win Champions League'], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Barcelona's mighty attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar won the Champions League on Saturday with a 3-1 victory over Juventus that showed the beauty of fluent and attacking football after days of scandal that have tarnished the sport.", u"The Spanish champion dominated the game, but the Italian team played its part by fighting back from a goal down and seeking to match the complex spells woven by Barcelona's talented players. But Juventus could not hang in there when Barca accelerated into an unmatchable rhythm.", u"Watched by more than 70,000 people in Berlin's Olympic Stadium, Juventus striker Alvaro Morata canceled out Ivan Rakitic's early opener, Messi set up the vital second for Suarez, and Neymar secured Barcelona's fifth European Cup deep into stoppage time with the last kick of the game.", u"The Messi-Suarez-Neymar axis complete the season with a combined 122 goals \u2014 and now European winners' medals to join their league and cup ones.", u"Three years after Pep Guardiola left Barcelona and after last season ended without a trophy, Luis Enrique matched Guardiola's 2008-09 feat of winning a treble in his first season in charge, suggesting the Catalan giants could be ready for a new period of European dominance.", u'"A magnificent, spectacular day," Enrique said.', u"With a first Champions League triumph since 2011, Barca has won European soccer's top trophy four times in the last decade.", u'Andres Iniesta has featured in each final and the midfielder is also celebrating his second treble. Iniesta played a deep defensive midfield role in Berlin as the strikers caused havoc in the panicky Juventus defense.', u'"We won\'t see this happen again very often," Iniesta said. "Six years later we did (the treble) again. All my words fall short. Let the people enjoy this Barca."', u'Few will be enjoying the victory more than Suarez.', u"The Uruguay striker began the season in shame, signed from Liverpool for $110 million despite being handed a four-month ban by FIFA for biting an opponent at the World Cup.  He powered in Barcelona's second goal in the 68th minute after Messi's shot was palmed away by goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon.", u'"When you come to a team like Barca, you know that you have come to win," Suarez said. "This is a dream."', u'Suarez is rarely far from controversy, however. Twice he writhed around in agony, winning free-kicks and feigning serious injury. Juventus fans yelled derision when he recovered miraculously after wasting minutes.', u'Just like Suarez, Neymar has collected the top prize in club soccer for the first time after two years at Barcelona.', u'Neymar had a goal disallowed for handball but, with the final going into a seventh minute of stoppage time, the Brazil striker found space to score again as Juventus desperately sought a leveler, leaving its defense bare. This time it counted.', u'For Juventus there was no third European title, just the unwelcome record of being the first team to lose six finals. Still, the season ends with a domestic double', u'"While we\'ve played a lot of finals, a lot of us had never played a Champions final," Juventus midfielder Claudio Marchisio said. "There was a bit of fear."', u"The Italian champion initially looked like it could cause an upset against the most dominant team in Europe in the modern era. Assertive from kick off, Juventus made Barcelona look anxious initially. It didn't last long \u2014 just four minutes, in fact.", u"In a delightful move that involved all 10 outfield players touching the ball, starting with Jordi Alba's throw in, Barcelona took the lead.", u'So often the provider of goals, Messi delivered a precise cross-field pass in the goalward advance. It landed at the feet of Jordi Alba, who played in Neymar and the ball was then slipped through to Iniesta.', u'With a flick, Iniesta squared for Rakitic to score from close range past Buffon.', u"Had it not been for Buffon's stretching save at the start of the second half to deny Suarez, Juventus would have been two behind. Messi, for once, also couldn't find the target after a one-two with Suarez.", u"It proved costly.  A back-heel from Claudio Marchisio began the move that led to Juve's equalizer.", u'An initial shot from Carlos Tevez was parried by Marc-Andre ter Stegen. But Morata, who scored in both legs of the semifinal against former club Real Madrid, sent the follow-up into the net with ease in the 55th minute.', u"Juve didn't use the opportunity to swing the final in its favor, and Barca was back in front 13 minutes later after launching an electrifying counterattack.", u"Within five minutes of Suarez's goal, Barca was celebrating again \u2014 but the joy was short-lived. Neymar was spotted to have headed the ball onto his hand before it went past Buffon.", u'But Neymar did have the final say in this final with the late, late goal.', u'It gave Xavi Hernandez the perfect send-off, departing for Qatar after spending his entire career at Barcelona with another medal.', u'"Nothing can beat finishing in this way," the 35-year-old midfielder said.', u"Now the soccer world's focus is likely to shift back to allegations of corruption, arrests and investigations that have pummeled the game's reputation in the last 10 days.", u'___']), ([u'Rose Grabs Three-Shot Lead at Memorial'], [u"DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  England\u2019s Justin Rose took a three-shot lead after the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday as he looked to become the event's seventh multiple winner.", u'The 2010 champion fired a six-under 66 to catapult to 15-under-201 for the tournament. That put the 2013 ', u' champion three clear of Italian Francesco Molinari (69) and Swedish overnight leader David Lingmerth (72) who shared second at 12-under.', u'American veteran Jim Furyk (70), also a former U.S. Open and Memorial winner, sits fourth at 11-under.', u'Tiger Woods, a 14-time major champion, carded the worst round of his professional career, a disastrous 13-over 85, to balloon to 12-over and last place.', u'\u201cObviously a lot has been going right," said Rose. "I guess I played a good, solid, patient round of golf that ended up turning into a great round of golf.', u"\u201cI made my birdies when I had a chance and I limited the mistakes. Kind of surprised to play my way into a three\u2011shot lead. I was looking just to keep pace, but it's a fantastic position going into Sunday.\u201d", u'Rose kick-started his American career with a victory here in 2010 and the 34-year-old made no bones about the initial win being critical.', u"\u201cIf you look at my career, to be honest with you, you could say it's gone from strength to strength since getting the monkey off my back and winning here,\u201d he added.", u'\u201cAs time ticks on, it becomes harder and harder so to finally do it and do it at a place like this and a tournament of this stature was fantastic."', u'Rose opened strong with four birdies in his first seven holes and while he bogeyed the ninth, three further birdies on the back side set up his comfortable buffer.', u'Woods\u2019 round marked just the third time in his professional career he has failed to break 80. He had an 81 in the 2002 British Open and an 82 earlier this year at the Phoenix Open.', u'The former world number one, who has slumped to 172nd in the global rankings, found water hazards four times. He struggled to find fairways, getting just seven of 14.', u'Just a day after making a clutch par putt to make the cut on the number, the five-time event champion managed just one birdie while carding six bogeys, two double bogeys and the quadruple bogey.', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Venezuelan President Cancels Rome Meeting With Pope Due to Flu'], [u'CARACAS \u2014  Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Saturday he had canceled a planned trip to Rome, during which he was due to meet  Pope Francis, because he is sick with flu.', u'Maduro, a socialist, had been due to meet the Argentine Pope on Sunday. "Due to being hit by flu and otitis, doctors have forbidden me to get on a plane and make the journey," he said in a broadcast on state television, adding he was seeking to reschedule the meeting.', u'Otitis is an inflammation of the ear.', u'Opposition leaders staged anti-government vigils on Saturday to urge the Pope to mediate in favor of their jailed colleagues. These form part of larger protests that include partial hunger strikes by jailed opposition leaders.', u'Opposition heavyweight Leopoldo Lopez and former mayor Daniel Ceballos, both imprisoned early last year for their role in nationwide protests which left more than 40 dead on both sides of the political divide, launched their partial hunger strikes around two weeks ago.', u'Two-time opposition presidential candidate Henrique Capriles wrote an open letter to the Pope earlier this week asking him to intervene in Venezuela, which is mired in a severe economic crisis.', u"Maduro was also due to address at the United Nations' Rome-based Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) on Monday.", u'He did not specify whether he was also calling off a planned visit to Brussels to attend a meeting between the European Union and the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States (CELAC) scheduled for June 10 and 11.', u'(Reporting by Corina Pons; Writing by Girish Gupta; Editing by Alexandra Ulmer and Frances Kerry)']), ([u'Reyes 3 Steals, 2 Hits, Jays Hand Astros 3rd Straight Loss'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  With their major league-leading offense in high gear, Jose Reyes and the Toronto Blue Jays are on their best run of the year.', u'Reyes stole three bases and got two hits as the Blue Jays won their season-high fourth in a row, beating Houston 7-2 Saturday and handing the Astros their third straight loss.', u'The Blue Jays lead baseball with 296 runs and have scored six or more in each of their past 13 wins.', u'"It\'s pretty amazing," manager John Gibbons said. "I can\'t even remember a team I\'ve been with that scores that many that often."', u'Reyes scored a run, drove in one and also walked as Toronto clinched consecutive series wins for the first time since taking two of three against New York and Boston from May 4 to 10.', u'"Those guys go out there and keep putting up big numbers," right-hander Drew Hutchison said. "They\'ve been doing a great job of that all year."', u"Hutchison (5-1) allowed one run and six hits in 6 1-3 innings, improving to 4-1 with a 2.72 ERA at home. He's 1-0 with a 7.80 ERA in six road starts.", u'The AL West-leading Astros matched their longest skid of the year.', u'"That game, it didn\'t start out well and it didn\'t finish well," manager A.J. Hinch said.', u'Houston failed to score more than three runs for the fourth straight game and seventh time in its past nine.', u'"We\'re going to come back tomorrow with the same attitude and try to win the game," second baseman Jose Altuve said.', u'Brett Oberholtzer (0-1) allowed four runs, two earned, and six hits in 3 2-3 innings. He made his third start of the season after two stints on the disabled list with a blister on his left index finger.', u'"It\'s a good lineup," Oberholtzer said. "I knew I wasn\'t going to be perfect but I wanted to go a little deeper in the game than I did."', u'Edwin Encarnacion got the Blue Jays started with an RBI single in the first and Toronto added three more in the second. Reyes and Kevin Pillar singled home runs and Josh Donaldson added a sacrifice fly.', u"Altuve cut it to 4-1 with an RBI single in the third. The Blue Jays restored their four-run cushion on Pillar's RBI double off Jake Buchanan in the fifth.", u'Jonathan Villar hit a solo homer off Toronto reliever Steve Delabar in the eighth. Blue Jays pinch hitter Justin Smoak had a two-run double off Josh Fields in the bottom half.', u"Toronto's Chris Colabello finished 1 for 5 with a double, extending his career-high hitting streak to 16 games. It's the longest active streak in the majors.", u'Altuve went 3 for 4, his 22nd multihit game.', u'CRIME SPREE', u"The Blue Jays finished with a season-high five stolen bases, Toronto's highest total in a single game since they had five against Boston on Sept. 5, 2011.", u'DOWNWARD TREND', u"OF Dalton Pompey, Toronto's opening day center fielder, was demoted from Triple-A Buffalo to Double-A New Hampshire. Pompey hit .209 with no homers and six RBIs in 23 games at Buffalo after being optioned to the minors on May 1.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Astros: The day after his 12-game hitting streak ended, Chris Carter was held out of the starting lineup to get him a break from the artificial turf. Carter came on as a pinch hitter in the seventh and finished the game at first base. ... OF George Springer is expected to get the day off Sunday.', u'Blue Jays: Smoak batted for Encarnacion in the eighth. Gibbons said Encarnacion has been dealing with soreness in his left shoulder for approximately two weeks. Encarnacion got a cortisone shot after leaving the game and will not play Sunday.', u'UP NEXT', u'Astros: RHP Collin McHugh (6-2, 4.33) seeks to win consecutive starts for the first time since April 21. He has allowed more than four earned runs just once in 11 starts.', u"Blue Jays: RHP R.A. Dickey (2-6, 5.53) didn't allow a home run in his last start after giving up seven in his previous four outings. Dickey matched a season high by allowing seven runs in five innings in an 8-4 loss at Houston on May 15."]), ([u'Guerrero Knocked Down, but Wins Split Decision Over Martinez'], [u'CARSON, Calif. \u2014  Robert Guerrero rebounded from a fourth-round knockdown and won a split decision over Aron Martinez in a welterweight bout Saturday.', u'The verdict for Guerrero (33-3-1) was booed by a portion of the crowd after the former four-division champion rallied in the second half of the 10-round bout to beat Martinez (19-4-1), a 20-to-1 underdog in some betting venues.', u'Despite two losses in his last three fights, Guerrero had much more trouble than expected against Martinez, a local journeyman who has lost three of his last four.', u"Guerrero went down from a heavy combination of Martinez's punches right before the fourth-round bell after extensive fighting in close. He gathered himself and eked out the decision with solid work from a more cautious distance at the outdoor StubHub Center south of downtown Los Angeles.", u'Guerrero said his corner "wanted me to get on my jab more, box more, and that\'s what I did. I don\'t know what it is about this arena, man. It makes me want to stand and trade."', u'Judge Max DeLuca scored the bout 95-94 for Martinez, while Eddie Hernandez favored Guerrero 95-94. Judge Jerry Cantu also gave it to Guerrero, 97-92.', u'Guerrero was blown out by Floyd Mayweather Jr. in May 2013, and he won a brutal decision over Yoshihiro Kamegai at StubHub Center last year before losing a one-sided decision to Keith Thurman in March.', u'Guerrero developed swelling around his left eye in the first round, and his nose was bleeding by the third while he fought with his back against the ropes. Late in the fourth, Martinez caught Guerrero with a combination of uppercuts and short punches to the body, sending him to the canvas.', u"Guerrero beat the count and made it to the fifth, and he had better success when he didn't fight in close.", u"Earlier, heavyweight Dominic Breazeale remained unbeaten with a third-round stoppage victory, knocking down Cuba's Yasmany Consuegra three times.", u'After getting hit hard the opening round, Breazeale (15-0, 14 KOs) knocked down Consuegra with a right to the head in the second. The 2012 U.S. Olympian hit Consuegra (17-1) with a right uppercut early in the third before ending it with a left to the head.']), ([u"China's Liu Breaks Women's 20km Walk World Record"], [u"MADRID \u2014  China's Liu Hong broke the women's 20km walk world record by clocking one hour 24.38 minutes at the IAAF Race Walking Challenge in La Coruna on Saturday.", u"Liu's time was nearly half a minute inside the 1:25:02 set by Russian Yelena Lashmanova at the 2012 London Olympics.", u'It was also inside the 1:24:50 and 1:24:54 posted by Russians Olimpiada Ivanova and Olga Kaniskina that have not been recognized due to not enough official judges being present.', u'(Writing by Mitch Phillips, editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'Cavs Guard Irving Has Surgery on Broken Kneecap'], [u"CLEVELAND \u2014  Kyrie Irving didn't waste a moment in starting his recovery for next season, rushing back from the NBA Finals to have surgery on his left knee.", u"The Cavaliers' All-Star guard was in the operating room on Saturday to repair the broken kneecap he suffered in Game 1, an injury that will make it even tougher for Cleveland to try and win a title.", u"Irving's surgery at the Cleveland Clinic came less than 24 hours after an MRI revealed the fracture, which had bothered him throughout the postseason. He got hurt in overtime of Cleveland's 108-100 loss to the Golden State Warriors, who will try to take a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven series at home on Sunday night.", u'Irving was driving to his right when he crumpled to the floor. Afterward, he said he felt "something different" in his knee and his instincts were right as tests confirmed his fears. It\'s a difficult blow to the Cavs and a devastating one to Irving, who has been dogged by injuries throughout his pro career. Despite numerous medical setbacks, he had blossomed into one of the game\'s elite point guards this season only to have it ended with another injury.', u'The Cavs said Irving will need three to four months of recovery.', u"Irving had looked like himself, moving quickly before he got hurt. The team didn't know what to expect from him before the game, but it was clear the eight days off before the finals had given him enough time to recover.", u"He scored 23 points with seven rebounds, six assist and four steals in 43 minutes. But following the game, he left Oracle Arena on crutches and it wouldn't be long before the Cavs learned they'd have to go on without him.", u'Without Irving, the Cavs will have to rely on others to pick up the scoring slack and help LeBron James, who scored 44 in Game 1 on 38 shots. Cleveland won two games in the Eastern Conference finals with Irving sidelined, but the Warriors present a greater challenge than Atlanta.', u"Matthew Dellavedova likely will start in Irving's spot. He made big plays in the second round against Chicago when Irving was out and had an impact on the Cavs' sweep over the Hawks with his hustle at both ends of the floor.", u"Irving's injury is just the latest obstacle for the Cavs, who lost forward Kevin Love in the first round against Boston with a dislocated shoulder that required surgery.", u'"The good thing about it, we\'ve been in this position before," James said. "So next man up and guys will be ready for the challenge."']), ([u'2011 Daytona 500 Champ Bayne Wins ARCA Debut in Pocono'], [u'LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  Trevor Bayne dominated from the pole, and the 2011 Daytona 500 champion won Saturday in his ARCA Series debut.', u"Bayne entered the race at Pocono Raceway for more practice time ahead of Sunday's NASCAR Sprint Cup race. Even with 71 career Cup starts, Bayne had never turned a lap at the 2 1/2-mile tri-oval track. He drove Saturday for Cunningham Motorsports.", u"Bayne has struggled in Cup in his first full season with Roush Fenway Racing. He's 31st in points with no top-10 finishes.", u'His win capped a big week for his family. Bayne announced on Twitter that he and wife Ashton are expecting their first child.', u'Bayne says the couple "timed it right" to have the baby in December during the offseason.', u'Grant Enfinger was second and Mason Mitchell was third.']), ([u'Barcelona Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Soccer Win'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble.', u"The Spaniards lived up to their tag as favorites and added the European Cup to their La Liga and King's Cup triumphs as coach Luis Enrique celebrated his first season in memorable fashion.", u"Goals from Croatian Ivan Rakitic in the fourth minute, Uruguayan Luis Suarez in the 68th and Brazilian Neymar with the last kick of the game sealed Barca's second treble, matching their 2009 feat.", u'"It\'s incredible, a dream, something unique," Suarez told reporters. "To win these competitions you have to suffer, if not it\'s not worth it, and today we had to suffer to win the match."', u"Barca's South American trio of Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi, known collectively as 'MSN', showed spectacular form all season and Saturday's goals took their tally to an amazing 122 in all competitions as the game proved the perfect antidote for the corruption scandal engulfing soccer's governing body FIFA.", u'Juve, however, became the first team in the history of the competition to get beaten in six finals and the Italian giants have now lost their last four.', u'"I would like to thank the team for the wonderful season they have had," said Juve coach Massimiliano Allegri who landed the domestic double in his first season in charge.', u'"We played a great game tonight...unfortunately when you play against great players you think you have things under control but then they get you."', u'SUBLIME GOAL', u'Barca shrugged off a nervous start by scoring a sublime fourth-minute goal.', u'All 10 outfield players touched the ball in a 16-pass move that ended when Neymar fed Andres Iniesta and he picked out Rakitic to slot the fourth fastest goal in a European Cup final.', u'Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon, who won the World Cup with Italy at the Olympic Stadium in 2006 but is still waiting to capture his first European Cup crown, denied Barca a second goal in the 13th minute with a superb one-handed save keeping out a Dani Alves shot.', u"Alvaro Morata twice went close for the Italians but Barca's pressure in the first half was relentless and Suarez twice almost netted.", u'The 37-year-old Buffon again came to the rescue three minutes after the restart and then Juve struck against the run of play with former Real Madrid striker Morata tapping the ball in after keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen had saved from Carlos Tevez.', u'The Italians looked to be taking control of the game but their joy was short-lived. Argentine Messi took matters into his own hands, charging past three defenders and unleashing a low drive that Buffon could only parry to Suarez.', u"It was the most crucial goal of the 28-year-old Uruguayan's career and it came a year after he was branded a villain for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini, who missed Saturday's final through injury, at the World Cup in Brazil.", u"Neymar had a goal disallowed after his header bounced off his own hand to deceive the diving Buffon, much to the forward's frustration.", u'Juve, who had an average age of 30 and were the second oldest team to play in a Champions League final, fought bravely but ran out of steam.', u'Neymar netted deep into stoppage time to provide a fitting farewell for midfielder Xavi who is leaving Barca after collecting 25 trophies in more than two decades with the club he joined at the age of 11.', u"Along with team mates Iniesta, Messi and Gerard Pique, Xavi also equaled former Netherlands midfielder Clarence Seedorf's record of four Champions League triumphs.", u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Win French Open Men\u2019s Doubles'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 7-5 in the ', u' doubles final on Saturday.', u'Melo clipped a superb lob over the head of the top-seeded Bryans to level on sets, and the Brazilian player hit the winner with a neat volley to the side to prompt wild celebrations with Dodig, a Croatian.', u'"It\'s a great moment for both of us to win our first title, to beat the best team in the world and the best in history," Dodig said.', u'"Our main goal this season was to win a Slam. But I have to be honest, I didn\'t think it would happen here, as it\'s not our best surface. Suddenly, we have the trophy."', u'It was their eighth match against the Bryans, a rivalry that started in 2012, and their third win. The Bryans denied them in the finals at 2013 Wimbledon and 2014 ATP Finals.', u'"I have been playing doubles (with Dodig) a long time and I told him we can do great things," Melo said. "Now we are more than good friends, and we\'ve won a Grand Slam title together."', u'The Bryan twins were going after their 17th major title, and 107th career title. They also won at Roland Garros in 2003 and 2013.', u'After hitting the winner with a cross-court volley at the net, Melo sank to his knees and put his hands on his face in apparent disbelief.', u'In the Court Chatrier stands, three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil cheered enthusiastically and took photos of third-seeded Melo and Dodig as they celebrated.', u'Melo raised the trophy aloft as Kuerten \u2014 the singles champion here in 1997, 2000 and 2001 \u2014 patted him on the head.', u'"He gave me support during the week, and this tournament is special for Brazilians because of what he did here," Melo said. "I didn\'t know he was so close to the court, sometimes between points he was talking to me. He\'s an inspiration."']), ([u'Barca Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Win'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble.', u"The Spaniards lived up to their tag as favourites and added the European Cup to their La Liga and King's Cup triumphs as coach Luis Enrique celebrated his first season in memorable fashion.", u"Goals from Croatian Ivan Rakitic in the fourth minute, Uruguayan Luis Suarez in the 68th and Brazilian Neymar with the last kick of the game sealed Barca's second treble, matching their 2009 feat.", u'"It\'s incredible, a dream, something unique," Suarez told reporters. "To win these competitions you have to suffer, if not it\'s not worth it, and today we had to suffer to win the match."', u"Barca's South American trio of Suarez, Neymar and Lionel Messi, known collectively as 'MSN', showed spectacular form all season and Saturday's goals took their tally to an amazing 122 in all competitions as the game proved the perfect antidote for the corruption scandal engulfing football's governing body FIFA.", u'Juve, however, became the first team in the history of the competition to get beaten in six finals and the Italian giants have now lost their last four.', u'"I would like to thank the team for the wonderful season they have had," said Juve coach Massimiliano Allegri who landed the domestic double in his first season in charge.', u'"We played a great game tonight...unfortunately when you play against great players you think you have things under control but then they get you."', u'SUBLIME GOAL', u'Barca shrugged off a nervous start by scoring a sublime fourth-minute goal.', u'All 10 outfield players touched the ball in a 16-pass move that ended when Neymar fed Andres Iniesta and he picked out Rakitic to slot the fourth fastest goal in a European Cup final.', u'Juve keeper Gianluigi Buffon, who won the World Cup with Italy at the Olympic Stadium in 2006 but is still waiting to capture his first European Cup crown, denied Barca a second goal in the 13th minute with a superb one-handed save keeping out a Dani Alves shot.', u"Alvaro Morata twice went close for the Italians but Barca's pressure in the first half was relentless and Suarez twice almost netted.", u'The 37-year-old Buffon again came to the rescue three minutes after the restart and then Juve struck against the run of play with former Real Madrid striker Morata tapping the ball in after keeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen had saved from Carlos Tevez.', u'The Italians looked to be taking control of the game but their joy was short-lived. Argentine Messi took matters into his own hands, charging past three defenders and unleashing a low drive that Buffon could only parry to Suarez.', u"It was the most crucial goal of the 28-year-old Uruguayan's career and it came a year after he was branded a villain for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini, who missed Saturday's final through injury, at the World Cup in Brazil.", u"Neymar had a goal disallowed after his header bounced off his own hand to deceive the diving Buffon, much to the forward's frustration.", u'Juve, who had an average age of 30 and were the second oldest team to play in a Champions League final, fought bravely but ran out of steam.', u'Neymar netted deep into stoppage time to provide a fitting farewell for midfielder Xavi who is leaving Barca after collecting 25 trophies in more than two decades with the club he joined at the age of 11.', u"Along with team mates Iniesta, Messi and Gerard Pique, Xavi also equalled former Netherlands midfielder Clarence Seedorf's record of four Champions League triumphs.", u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u"Iguodala's Willingness to Come Off Bench Helps Key Warriors"], [u"OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  Andre Iguodala's impressive resume heading into this season featured an Olympic gold medal, All-Star appearance and first-team All-NBA defensive team honors.", u"One of the few things Iguodala hadn't done since entering the league as a first-round draft pick in 2004 was come into the game off the bench.", u"So when Iguodala easily accepted that role as a reserve for the Golden State Warriors back in training camp, it helped set the tone for the team's success.", u"David Lee also went from All-Star to reserve without a peep. Andrew Bogut didn't bristle when he got his fewest shots per game as a pro. The players on the deep bench had no complaints when they went from key contributors to not playing depending on the matchups.", u'But it started when first-year coach Steve Kerr decided to start Harrison Barnes over Iguodala.', u'"There\'s no excuse for anybody else," Bogut said. "When you have David Lee getting DNPs and have Andre Iguodala backing up a third-year player in Harrison Barnes and all these kinds of things and not complaining you don\'t have a right to complain. It\'s been infectious for our team chemistry."', u'Including the playoffs, Iguodala had played 806 NBA games before this season and never come in as a reserve. In fact, no player in that span had played more games without being a reserve across the entire league.', u'After a little adjustment, Iguodala has taken quickly to his new role.', u'"Usually you can let the game come to you starting," he said. "You don\'t have to force any shots. I know I\'m going to get my shots here. I know my rhythm will come to me. I know I\'m always going to be loose. But coming off the bench, you\'re a little stiff. You want to make an impact when you\'re in the game, so you have to pick and choose when to force up a shot, when to let the offense come to you, when to be aggressive. That is probably the hardest part."', u"Iguodala has handled it well but perhaps never as well as he did in Golden State's 108-100 overtime win in Game 1 of the NBA Finals against Cleveland on Thursday night.", u'Iguodala hit 6 of his 8 shots \u2014 including a 3-pointer while wearing only one shoe \u2014 for 15 points.', u'Perhaps more important was his defense against LeBron James. Despite scoring 44 points, James had trouble when matched up with Iguodala, shooting just 4 for 13 in that matchup with only two made baskets inside the 3-point line.', u'And it was Iguodala who forced James into a tough fall-away jumper at the end of regulation that helped the Warriors send the game to overtime.', u'"Andre is able to act before something happens rather than just react," assistant coach Ron Adams said. "I think he understands who he\'s playing against well. He\'s very cerebral in that way. Smart player defensively plus he has a nice long defensive body. You put that combination together and he\'s been a very effective player over the course of time."', u"Iguodala has been the key on a second-unit that has proven so valuable all season for the Warriors. Golden State's reserves outscored Cleveland's bench 34-9 in Game 1.", u'In what has been a frequent occurrence this postseason, the bench helped the Warriors overcome a slow start that put them down 14 points in the first quarter.', u'"Depth is great as long as guys are willing to sacrifice, and it\'s not easy to sacrifice in the NBA because careers are at stake, money is at stake, egos," Kerr said. "That\'s, I think, what separates a lot of the really good teams and teams like ours who have made deep championship runs. When you\'re in The Finals, you don\'t get that far without that kind of sacrifice."', u"It's something that has not gone unnoticed by the younger players who have the beneficiaries of the sacrifices made by former All-Stars like Iguodala and Lee.", u'"For them to kind of take that a backseat and let us young guys grow and develop in this league, that means a lot," Barnes said. "We could easily be in a situation where they say, \'Look we\'re the vets. You guys are young players, you guys will have your time. This is about us.\' But they didn\'t. They were entirely selfless and that\'s allowed us to grow."']), ([u'Williams Hopeful Massa Can Beat the Red Bulls'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Williams have set Felipe Massa a target of beating at least one of the Red Bulls after an engine problem in qualifying left the Brazilian facing a battle from 15th on the Canadian Grand Prix starting grid.', u'Massa qualified 17th at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve on Saturday, while Finnish team mate Valtteri Bottas was a strong fourth, but penalties to Max Verstappen and Sebastian Vettel lifted him up the order.', u'"It was a fixing within the wastegate mechanism of the turbocharger that failed (for Massa)," said head of performance engineering Rob Smedley. "It will be changed for tomorrow.', u'"It meant in simple terms that he just didn\'t have any power. It was very difficult to charge the battery as well with the hybrid system."', u'Smedley said the part was being replaced for reliability reasons and would not incur any penalty.', u"Mercedes-powered Williams are third in the constructors' championship but failed to score in the previous round in Monaco and are now only 29 points ahead of fourth-placed Red Bull.", u'"The hope is that he can get his car in front of the two Red Bull cars," Smedley said. "The number one priority with him tomorrow is to make sure he outscores at least one of their cars to help us increase that gap."', u"Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo, last year's winner in Canada, starts ninth with Russian team mate Daniil Kvyat lining up in eighth place.", u'The Mercedes-powered cars have a clear performance advantage in Montreal, however, while former champions Red Bull have paid a high price already this season for reliability problems with their Renault units.', u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u"Faldo Says Tiger's Problems More Mental Than Physical"], [u'(Reuters) - Tiger Woods\u2019 deterioration on the golf course is a result of mental gremlins more than anything physical, six-times major winner Nick Faldo said on Saturday after Woods shot a career-worst round of 85.', u'\u201cFor me, this has been going on a while,\u201d Faldo said on Golf Channel after Woods finished 13-over for the third round at the Memorial tournament in Ohio.', u'\u201cThree Masters ago, I was on the (practice) range watching Tiger hit beautiful fades and draws. He was hitting the ball fabulously. (Then) he walks to the first tee, two snap hooks.', u'\u201cFrom that day on, I thought to myself, he\u2019s not comfortable, he\u2019s starting to fear shots. When you are fearing a shot before you hit it, we\u2019re all in serious trouble.\u201d', u'Jack Nicklaus, the Memorial tournament host and most successful player ever, said Woods needed to stop switching instructors and work out his problems alone.', u'"He\'s the only one who can fix what he\'s got," Nicklaus, winner of 18 majors, told CBS.', u'Woods has had four coaches during his professional career. He started working with his current instructor Chris Como late last year.', u'Nicklaus suggested that video technology should enable players to rectify their own swing problems.', u'He also recalled that in 1979, after a poor season, he took three months off before going back to basics with long-time coach Jack Grout. The following year, Nicklaus won two majors at the age of 40.', u'Woods\u2019 score at Muirfield Village was not out of the blue.', u'Four months ago he shot an 11-over 82 at the Phoenix Open, his short game in disarray and his long game not much better.', u'However, he found some form in time for the Masters, finishing a respectable equal 17th.', u'He clearly has not solved his problems, however.', u'Faldo said Woods was still searching for a swing fix during a practice round this week accompanied by coach Como.', u'\u201cOne of the players playing a practice round with Tiger heard him (Woods) say four times (to Como) \u2018OK, what am I trying now\u2019.', u'"So they are just searching. It just doesn\u2019t look right.\u201d', u'Woods, 39, won five times on the PGA Tour in 2013 but has not won a major since the 2008 ', u'.', u'His personal life has also been tumultuous, with a highly public divorce from Elin Nordegren in 2010 following revelations he had extra-marital affairs.', u'Woods began dating Olympic ski champion Lindsey Vonn in 2012, but they broke up recently.', u'Although at an age when a gradual decline on the golf course might be expected along with increasing fitness problems, his downfall has been stunning.', u'As Faldo said: \u201cThis is a sledgehammer to the side of the head. Tiger is going to walk away saying to himself, what am I going to do next? How do I pull this back?"', u'(Reporting by Andrew Both in Cary, North Carolina, editing by Gene Cherry/Ian Ransom)']), ([u'Hammel Stays Undefeated Against Nationals, Cubs Win 4-2'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Jason Hammel extended his mastery over Washington to an 11th impressive start, and Dexter Fowler had two hits and scored twice Saturday, leading the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory over the Nationals.', u'Hammel (5-2) improved to 9-0 with a 3.01 ERA in 11 starts against the Nationals. Anthony Rizzo and Jonathan Herrera each had two hits and drove in a run for Chicago.', u'Hammel allowed two runs and five hits in eight-plus innings, striking out seven and walking two. He departed after Bryce Harper hit his 19th homer of the season to open the ninth.', u'After Hector Rondon walked Anthony Rendon, Pedro Strop entered and finished for his second save.', u'Wilson Ramos also homered for the Nationals.', u'With starting pitchers Stephen Strasburg and Doug Fister on the disabled list, the Nationals called on 22-year-old prospect Joe Ross (0-1) to make his major league debut. Ross, who was 2-2 with a 2.81 ERA at Double-A Harrisburg, retired the first nine Cubs, but allowed a run in the fourth and two in the fifth.']), ([u'Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid.', u"The pole was championship leader Hamilton's sixth in seven races this season and a career 44th for the driver who races with the number 44 on his car.", u'"It wasn\'t the easiest of days," said Hamilton, who failed to get a quick lap under his belt in final practice, with some understatement. "I went into qualifying blind as to where the setup would be.', u'"It\'s definitely a positive to come back into this weekend on the right foot, to come back with the good pace I had from the last race after a difficult time," added the Briton.', u'Hamilton took the first win of his career in Montreal in his debut 2007 season with McLaren and has won at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve three times in total.', u"A firm favorite for Sunday's race, he arrived here all the more determined after the blow of losing to Rosberg two weeks ago in Monaco thanks to a needless pitstop when he was leading comfortably.", u'Rosberg was on pole in Canada last season but could not find the speed when he needed it.', u'"What a rubbish end to qualifying," the German exclaimed as the chequered flag came down. "But here it\'s possible to overtake so it\'s not all over yet."', u'Hamilton, chasing his fourth win this season, leads Rosberg by 10 points after six races.', u"Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen qualified third with fellow Finn Valtteri Bottas fourth for Mercedes-powered Williams.", u"Lotus pair Romain Grosjean and Pastor Maldonado filled the third row with Force India's Nico Hulkenberg in seventh.", u"Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat and Australian Daniel Ricciardo, last year's winner, were eighth and ninth respectively and Force India's Sergio Perez 10th.", u"Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel suffered power unit problems and failed to progress beyond the first session, qualifying 16th, while Felipe Massa lines up a place behind the German.", u'Max Verstappen will slip from 12th, however, due to a 15-place grid drop for two penalties, one for causing a crash in Monaco, the other for an unscheduled gearbox change.', u"The 17-year-old Dutchman will not be last though, with Britain's Jenson Button set to start from the pit lane after sitting out qualifying while McLaren worked on the Honda power unit.", u'Spanish team mate Fernando Alonso, yet to score this season, qualified 14th and moves up to 13th.', u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u'Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Land Maiden Major in Paris'], [u"PARIS \u2014  Croatia's Ivan Dodig and Brazilian Marcelo Melo clinched their maiden grand slam title by defeating brothers Bob and Mike Bryan 6-7(5) 7-6(5) 7-5 in the ", u' doubles final on Saturday.', u'Cheered on by triple Roland Garros champion and compatriot Gustavo Kuerten, Melo ended a tight contest with a splendid half volley to deny the American Bryan brothers their 17th major.', u"Dodig becomes the first Croatian to win a title at the French Open while Melo is only the second Brazilian to triumph on the Paris clay after Kuerten's success in 1997, 2000 and 2001.", u'Dodig and Melo lost the 2013 Wimbledon final against the Bryan brothers.', u'The top-seeded Americans got off to a solid start and claimed the first set on a tiebreak only for their third-seeded opponents to level in the same fashion.', u'Dodig and Melo then broke decisively in the 11th game of the decider and closed the match out to claim the trophy.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Juve Risk Barzagli in Champions League Final'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri has taken a risk by deploying Andrea Barzagli in central defence in place of the injured Giorgio Chiellini for Saturday\u2019s Champions League final against Barcelona.', u'Barzagli, who will partner Leonardo Bonucci in the middle, has not played since suffering a thigh strain against Napoli two weeks ago and only returned to training on Wednesday.', u'Juve\u2019s defence face the formidable task of trying to thwart Barca\u2019s attacking trident of Lionel Messi, Neymar and Luis Suarez, who have rattled in 120 goals between them in all competitions this season.', u'Barca coach Luis Enrique sprung no surprises in his starting 11, with Andres Iniesta, Ivan Rakitic and Sergio Busquets in a three-man midfield behind the prolific South American trio.', u'Patrice Evra, named in the Juve starting lineup, becomes only the second player after Clarence Seedorf to play for three different teams in the Champions League final following his previous appearances for AS Monaco and Manchester United.', u'Xavi, included in the Barca squad for the final time, is looking to win his fourth Champions League crown before moving to Al Sadd in Qatar, but starts on the bench.', u"As the teams were announced, just over an hour before kickoff, fans were already filling Berlin's magnificent 75,000-seater Olympic Stadium, built for the 1936 Summer Games and given a facelift for the 2006 World Cup.", u'Supporters had earlier mixed peacefully in the centre of the sun-drenched and breezy German capital, where temperatures reached around 30 degrees Celsius (86 degrees Fahrenheit).', u'Having already secured their domestic league and Cup titles, Juve and Barca are both seeking to complete a rare treble.', u'Barca will aim to repeat the feat they managed for the first time in 2009 while Juve are chasing a maiden trio of trophies.', u'The other European teams to have managed it are Celtic (1967), Ajax Amsterdam (1972), PSV Eindhoven (1988), Manchester United (1999), Inter Milan (2010) and Bayern Munich (2013).', u'Juve and Barca have each appeared in seven European Cups, with the Catalans winning four and the Italians two.', u'Teams:', u'Juventus: 1-Gianluigi Buffon; 26-Stephan Lichtsteiner, 19-Leonardo Bonucci, 15-Andrea Barzagli, 33-Patrice Evra; 8-Claudio Marchisio, 21-Andrea Pirlo, 6-Paul Pogba; 23-Arturo Vidal; 10-Carlos Tevez, 9-Alvaro Morata.', u'Substitutes: 30-Marco Storari, 5-Angelo Ogbonna,  20-Simone Padoin, 27-Stefano Sturaro, 37-Roberto Pereyra, 14-Fernando Llorente, 11-Kingsley Coman.', u'Barcelona: 1-Marc-Andre ter Stegen; 22-Dani Alves, 3-Gerard Pique, 14-Javier Mascherano, 18-Jordi Alba; 4-Ivan Rakitic, 5-Sergio Busquets, 8-Andres Iniesta; 10-Lionel Messi, 11-Neymar, 9-Luis Suarez.', u'Substitutes: 13-Claudio Bravo 15-Marc Bartra, 21-Adriano 24-Jeremy Mathieu, 6-Xavi Hernandez, 12-Rafinha, 7-Pedro Rodriguez.', u'Referee: Cuneyt Cakir (Turkey)', u'(Additional reporting by Karolos Grohmann and Mike Collett, editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'In Formula One, Success Breeds Success\xa0\u2014 or Does It?'], [u'It is no cliche to say that success in ', u' racing is often a matter of momentum.', u'There\u2019s more to it than just the winning car\u2019s momentum as it races to victory. Often, a team seems to move from victory to victory like a pendulum swinging on inexorably. Once a driver gets started winning, he seems to power on from title to title.', u'As the series prepares for the Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal this weekend, the movement of the pendulum is in favor of ', u'. But for both of its drivers, Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg, who have won all but one of the season\u2019s six races so far, it is no longer clear which of them has the momentum.', u'With three victories in the first four races, Hamilton began 2015 as he had finished 2014, when ', u'. But Rosberg has now won the last two races. At the Monaco Grand Prix two weeks ago, things had seemed to be in Hamilton\u2019s favor as he dominated the race until 12 laps before the end. But a congruence of bad calculation and confusion between him and his team over an extra pit stop resulted in ', u'.', u'It was Rosberg\u2019s second triumph in a row this season, and his third straight in Monaco, a feat achieved by only three other drivers: ', u', ', u' and ', u'.', u'But despite Rosberg\u2019s momentum, all eyes will be on Hamilton this weekend. The British driver has won the Canadian race three times, including ', u'.', u'\u201cEverything that needs to be said about Monaco has already been said,\u201d Hamilton said. \u201cWe\u2019ll learn from it and move forward together like we always do. I just want to get back out there and bounce back \u2014 and I could hardly ask for a better place to do that than Montreal. This is always one of my favorite weekends.\u201d', u'The mind-sets of the two Mercedes teammates have been watched closely this season, as the reigning world champion has appeared to be liberated by his second title and his rival has appeared to be crushed by having fallen short of the title in the last race last year.', u'Hamilton, driving for McLaren, missed winning the 2007 world title in his first year in Formula One by only 1 point, but he came back the next season and won the 2008 title by 1 point. In 2013, he made a daring move to the Mercedes team, which had been struggling for three seasons to score even a spot on the podium with its illustrious, multiple world champion driver Michael Schumacher and Rosberg.', u'Then with ', u' for engines last year, Mercedes produced the best new hybrid technology in the series and the team dominated. Hamilton and Rosberg fought for the title all year, with Hamilton winning more races but Rosberg having more consistent results.', u'Hamilton won the title in the last race, in Abu Dhabi in November. He was on a roll that continued into this season: Until the Spanish Grand Prix last month, he had won nine of the previous 11 races. In Spain, Hamilton slipped up slightly during qualifying and at the start of the race, and Rosberg took full advantage to score pole position and then win the race.', u'Until then, according to Paddy Lowe, the Mercedes technical director, Rosberg had not been driving badly, but Hamilton was simply on a higher level.', u'\u201cLewis is performing really at the top of his game,\u201d said Lowe, who was also at McLaren with Hamilton. \u201cI\u2019ve worked with Lewis actually throughout his Formula One career and I would say at the moment he\u2019s really at his peak \u2014 the best he\u2019s been driving so far.\u201d', u'\u201cThat\u2019s a tough prospect for any driver to compete with,\u201d he added. \u201cI think Nico is doing a good job; it\u2019s just tough to beat Lewis.\u201d', u'Just as Hamilton has the momentum in Canada, with three victories there, Rosberg has now beaten Hamilton in Monaco in the last three years. And with his back-to-back victories in Spain and Monaco, the German has curbed Hamilton\u2019s momentum. But after Monaco, Rosberg said that Hamilton \u2014 who had scored the first Monaco pole position of his career \u2014 had performed better than him.', u'This year, Hamilton has seemed liberated by his second world title, as if free of doubts and pressures that had built up since his previous title, in 2008.', u'Rob Smedley, a racing director at the Williams team, sees it as a natural process.', u'\u201cI think with any sportsman, if you keep getting positive results it\u2019s a virtuous circle,\u201d Smedley said. \u201cIf you keep getting positive results it brings more and more positivity to what you\u2019re doing, and you believe more and more in yourself and small things get you down less, and you just tend to get the best out of yourself and the people around you. And I guess that\u2019s what\u2019s happening with Lewis.\u201d', u'Only 16 of the 32 drivers who have won a drivers\u2019 title in Formula One since the series began in 1950 have won more than one title. But nine of those have won consecutive titles.', u'Hamilton has said several times this year that his mental state has never been better.', u'\u201cI\u2019m probably the happiest I have been for a long, long time, career-wise,\u201d he said, \u201cand then outside, yeah it\u2019s great when you can do things that you want to do if you know they are not a distraction and then you can perform. I\u2019m very careful of the things that I choose to do, that they don\u2019t get in the way of ultimately preparing for my races and becoming world champion, which is my final goal. Then in the car, my age, I feel the best that I have ever been.\u201d', u'Jackie Stewart, who won three drivers\u2019 titles in the late 1960s and early 1970s, said that commitments with sponsors in the years following his titles had distracted him so much from his racing that he won his three titles in alternate years.', u'Felipe Massa, who now drives at Williams but who was the Ferrari driver who lost the championship by 1 point to Hamilton in 2008, said that just as winning the title can lead to an increase in a driver\u2019s powers, so the blow of losing it under difficult circumstances \u2014 the way he lost in 2008 and Rosberg did last year \u2014 can negatively affect a driver\u2019s performance the following season.', u'\u201cMotivation, and the mind workings, are important,\u201d Massa said. \u201cYou see it happening to many drivers to lose time because something is going on and they are not really perfect.\u201d', u'\u201cIt\u2019s important to be in good shape with your mind, doing everything correct,\u201d he added. \u201cEverything in our world is in the details. If you are losing something in your head, maybe you lose one or two tenths and maybe that is enough. It\u2019s part of our job to have everything right in the head.\u201d', u'Fernando Alonso, the 2005 and 2006 world champion when driving for Renault, also lost the title by just 1 point, in 2007, along with his McLaren teammate Hamilton. Alonso said that winning consecutive titles depended on the psychology of the driver.', u'\u201cIt depends on everyone\u2019s personality and character,\u201d said the Spaniard, who is now back at McLaren after several years at Ferrari. \u201cIt could help you to take some weight off the shoulders and to take some pressure off after winning a championship. The following year you are more relaxed and perhaps you could perform better. Or it could be the opposite: You relax a little bit, you lose a little bit of that extra motivation and you are a little bit slower. It depends for everyone.\u201d', u'Jenson Button, who won the world title with the Brawn team in 2009, agreed that winning the championship can have different effects on drivers in the following season.', u'\u201cI think some people the next season have more confidence, they\u2019re more relaxed and they can be a better driver,\u201d said Button, who is now Alonso\u2019s teammate at McLaren. \u201cAnd some people find that they have more pressure because they have won a world championship and everyone\u2019s trying to beat them. So it can work in different ways.\u201d', u'Hamilton has acknowledged that he has felt the pressure. \u201cWhen you have had a year like last year, to continue with it is not easy, to repeat what you have done before or even to do it better is really not easy,\u201d he said. \u201cI\u2019ve got to really stay on my toes, really kind of try to be innovative with the things that I do on the track and to continue to extract the most from the car, and more if possible.\u201d', u'But Toto Wolff, the Mercedes team director, scoffed at reading too much into the mental states of his drivers.', u'\u201cThese guys are resilient, tough guys,\u201d he said. \u201cI wouldn\u2019t interpret too much whether somebody bounces back now or whether the dynamics have changed. It\u2019s just another race.\u201d']), ([u'In 2011 Montreal Race, Many Records, One Great Drive'], [u'Like with a great pop song, defining what makes a great ', u' race is difficult. You just know it when you see \u2014 or hear \u2014 it.', u'In the nearly 50 years of Canadian Grand Prix history, there have been many spectacular and thrilling races. ', u'\u2019s first Grand Prix victory at his home race, the first in Montreal, in 1978 is high on the list; the race in 1991, when Nigel Mansell cruised to apparent victory on the final lap, waving to the crowd, only to have the car stall and finish sixth, was another. As was Jean Alesi\u2019s single career victory, on his birthday, at the 1995 Canadian Grand Prix in his last year at Ferrari.', u'But ', u' was something else altogether. At a time when the series is devising ways to spice up ', u', that race proved that the ingredients for a great race can\u2019t always be imagined beforehand. In fact, many of the things that made the race exceptional are what the series fights against.', u'In a format that defines itself as a sprint, the 2011 Canadian Grand Prix holds the record for the longest in Formula One history, at 4 hours, 4 minutes and 39 seconds, including a two-hour break when the rain was too intense.', u'The race also holds the record for the highest number \u2014 six \u2014 of safety car interventions. And at a time when fans and some drivers and series insiders are calling for faster Formula One cars, the 2011 race winner\u2019s average speed of 46.5 miles per hour, or 74.4 kilometers per hour, is the slowest in history.', u'Moreover, Formula One usually tries to limit the number of pit stops per race \u2014 or seek an ideal number of two or three \u2014 but the winner in Canada made a record five pit stops and served a drive-through-the-pits penalty for having driven too quickly behind the safety car.', u'Yet it is also for the incredible performance of that driver, McLaren\u2019s ', u', that the race is remembered. Until then, the season had been dominated by Sebastian Vettel of the Red Bull team, which had won five of the previous six races. In Canada, despite all the rain, the safety cars and the delay, Vettel had led the race from the first lap to the last. But he then made his first serious driving error of the season and it cost him the race.', u'Well into the last lap, Vettel went wide on the drying track into a wet area, in a half-spin, giving Button just the time to take the lead and go on to win. Thirty laps earlier, Button had been in 21st, or last, position. It was one of the most exceptional fight-backs in the series\u2019 history.', u'\u201cThat was a very emotional four hours,\u201d Button said after the race. \u201cAs we always say, the last lap is the important one to be leading. I enjoyed it very much fighting through the field \u2014 that feeling of getting one up on someone. To fight from last position \u2014 it\u2019s definitely my best race.\u201d', u'But more than anything, it was the exceptional circumstances of the race that made the day, and no change in the technical or sporting rules would have made much of a difference. Even so, it was because of this race, the longest in history, that the series set a maximum length of four hours for a race that has been suspended.', u'Button\u2019s victory in those conditions was not a fluke, though. He is known for excelling in wet, chaotic conditions, notably getting his and his Honda team\u2019s first-ever victory during a wet, chaotic race in Hungary in 2006. His smooth driving style and sense of the circuit under such conditions is legendary.', u'But at the start of the 2011 race in Canada, Button\u2019s prospects looked poor and things got even worse: He had placed his McLaren only seventh on the grid. He would end up having accidents with his teammate, Lewis Hamilton, whom he accidentally forced into the wall and out of the race, and with Fernando Alonso, whom he also forced out of the race. In both cases, the stewards chose not to penalize him, as the accidents were clearly related to the poor visibility and wet track.', u'The stewards did penalize him for driving too quickly behind the safety car, however, and that and his other pit stops put him at the back of the pack more than halfway through the race.', u'But his team\u2019s tire choices and the timing of his pit stops would play in his favor, along with the drying track. He was one of only two drivers to have changed his tires six times, and with the constantly shifting state of the track, the changes served him perfectly. As the end of the race neared, he was gaining two seconds per lap on the leaders with his fresh, supersoft tires.', u'With 16 laps remaining he passed Mark Webber and Michael Schumacher, who were in second and third place. Only Vettel remained, and it was under pressure from Button that the German made his mistake, spinning on the wet track and allowing Button to pass.', u'\u201cI think it was one of the best wins in the history of F1, let alone his,\u201d said Martin Whitmarsh, the McLaren team director.', u'It was also one of ', u' in history. Although it made Button second in the championship, the season would end with the second of Vettel\u2019s four titles. Button would win the Hungarian and Japanese Grands Prix later that year, but he stayed second in the series \u2014 122 points behind Vettel.']), ([u'For Sibling Formula One Teams, Winning Isn\u2019t Everything'], [u'It is generally accepted that ', u' teams exist to win.', u'But for the Red Bull and Toro Rosso teams, which are both owned by the Austrian energy drink company ', u', there has been a different approach since their founding in 2005 and 2006, respectively: Red Bull is meant to win, while ', u' is expected to be a training ground for young drivers.', u'At times, however, the feisty training outfit has overshadowed its big brother.', u'This season, although Red Bull is currently higher in the championship, in fourth position with 52 points, while Toro Rosso is in eighth position, with 15 points, the numbers are not representative of their overall performance. Toro Rosso has outshone Red Bull several times this season and taken the spotlight at almost all of the races.', u'That is largely thanks to a car that has more successfully incorporated the weak Renault hybrid engine. But it is also thanks to the extraordinary results of its young drivers, the rookies Carlos Sainz Jr., 20, and Max Verstappen, 17.', u'But two weeks ago in Monaco, at one of the most difficult races in Formula One, order was restored: While the Red Bull drivers, ', u', finished fourth and fifth \u2014 their best result of the year \u2014 Sainz and Verstappen both made costly errors.', u'Sainz was penalized for not obeying an order to take his car to the weigh-in area and was forced to start at the back of the grid. Verstappen drove the race like the teenager without a driver\u2019s license that he is, crashing out in a foolhardy effort to overtake a car where it was impossible to do so.', u'He was given a penalty of five grid positions at the Canadian Grand Prix this weekend and was criticized by other drivers as not being ready to race in the elite series.', u'Until then, however, Verstappen had been widely praised for his maturity and driving. Problems, mostly with the car, have meant that he has scored points in only one of the six races. Sainz, on the other hand, has scored consistently, in four of six races.', u'At the Red Bull team, the promising Ricciardo and Kvyat have disappointed because of a relatively poor car and engine. Kvyat, particularly, had been expected to do better than he has.', u'Another year in which Toro Rosso outshone Red Bull was 2008. At the time, Red Bull had not yet won any races, and it suffered a sudden dip in the quality of its chassis and struggled. Toro Rosso, meanwhile, was using a chassis based on the 2007 Red Bull, and it captured the first Formula One victory for the energy drink company when ', u' won the Italian Grand Prix at Monza.', u'It was slightly embarrassing for the energy drink empire, as it was the Toro Rosso name, and not the Red Bull name, that was broadcast around the world, as the team and marketing roles were reversed. Vettel moved to Red Bull the following year, and he and the team went on to win four ', u', from 2010 through 2013.', u'Toro Rosso, based in Faenza, Italy, has a factory with a much smaller staff and less up-to-date workshops than those at Red Bull\u2019s base in Britain. But its two rookies this year have sometimes outqualified and outraced the drivers at Red Bull, including at the Spanish Grand Prix in May, when, on the last lap, Sainz passed Kvyat, moving up from 10th to ninth position and thus winning 2 points instead of just 1 in the process.', u'\u201cIt was tricky because I didn\u2019t want to crash with a Red Bull \u2014 it is the last thing that I want,\u201d Sainz said. \u201cBut it was my home Grand Prix, and it was P9, and 2 points for Toro Rosso are crucial this year, and I wanted to get them.\u201d', u'The notion of using Toro Rosso as a training team actually came, to a degree, from the team upon which it was built: Minardi. The Italian team had for years raced at the back of the grid, failing to score a single podium in its 20 years in the series. But it was recognized as a training ground for future winners, from Fernando Alonso, a two-time champion, to Mark Webber, the Australian driver who would go on to race at Red Bull, primarily as teammate to Vettel until 2013.', u'\u201cSince 2006, we have been the finishing school for the Red Bull junior program,\u201d said Franz Tost, the Toro Rosso team director. \u201cWe are highly experienced at managing young drivers, and it\u2019s a source of great pride that the current Infiniti Red Bull Racing line-up both learned their craft here, as did quadruple F1 world champion Sebastian Vettel.\u201d', u'The Red Bull driver system, in fact, is a highly competitive one in which there have been surprises as management makes few concessions. If this year the two young drivers at Toro Rosso are making the Red Bull drivers look less interesting, last year Ricciardo, who had graduated from Toro Rosso to Red Bull, outperformed his teammate Vettel, winning the only three races not won by the ', u' drivers, Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg.', u'Ricciardo has said that most of his problems this year, however, have to do with the failure of the Red Bull car.', u'\u201cI think the car is pretty much the same,\u201d he said of the car compared with last year. \u201cI think everyone else has found some improvements for their weaknesses. Why we haven\u2019t made that step, I don\u2019t know. Obviously we\u2019ve got good resources in the team, and all the financial side and the workshop; everything we\u2019ve got there is of good quality.\u201d', u'Kvyat, who spent only one season at Toro Rosso before graduating to Red Bull this year as a replacement for Vettel, who made a surprise move to Ferrari, has been overshadowed by Ricciardo.', u'\u201cDaniil Kvyat\u2019s had a tough run so far,\u201d said Christian Horner, the Red Bull team director. \u201cThings haven\u2019t gone cleanly on his side of the garage; he\u2019s had some good races and he\u2019s had some times that he\u2019s struggled. But he\u2019s young; he\u2019s developing all the time. We can see a great deal of potential in him.\u201d', u'Kvyat remains philosophical.', u'\u201cThe team knows much better than you what I\u2019m capable of,\u201d he said when asked about his relatively poor results. \u201cAll the laps, the qualifying, the race \u2014 they see much more because they have the data and they know what I can do.\u201d', u'Comparing the two teams, Ricciardo said the biggest difference is the larger staff and infrastructure at Red Bull.', u'\u201cThe pure size, the size and numbers \u2014 the factory and the workshops are a lot bigger,\u201d he said. \u201cOn paper \u2014 again, I think the team knows it \u2014 on paper we should be significantly quicker than Toro Rosso.\u201d', u'Toro Rosso\u2019s Tost agreed, pointing out that his team remains a smaller structure with a different goal. \u201cWe must be realistic,\u201d he said. \u201cThere are teams and cars in front of us. They have double of the budget as us. They have a fantastic, good competitive package, and it\u2019s not easy to compete against them.\u201d', u'Horner has been watching the Toro Rosso drivers closely this year.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019s one of the positive stories in Formula One at the moment, those two young rookies that Red Bull have given a chance,\u201d he said. \u201cThey\u2019re here on merit, and it shows that the junior program is most definitely working.\u201d', u'So, with an often better car, does a Toro Rosso driver still aim to join Red Bull?', u'\u201cFor sure,\u201d Sainz said. \u201cThat ambition doesn\u2019t change. I am here to prove myself, and to prove to Red Bull what I am capable of. I know that Red Bull is going through a tough time right now, but I\u2019m sure that in two or three races \u2014 or if it is not this year, then next year \u2014 they will go back to where they belong. And I want to be in that car when that comes.\u201d']), ([u'Noren Takes Third-Round Lead at Nordea Masters'], [u'MALMO, Sweden \u2014  Swedish golfer Alex Noren carded a 5-under-par 67 to take a two-shot lead of the Nordea Masters in the third round on Saturday, while local favorite Henrik Stenson flew up 28 places to lie five shots back.', u'Noren, whose victory here in 2011 was his third and last on the European Tour, birdied four of his first five holes. He has three top-10s this year, including runner-up at the Dubai Desert Classic to Rory McIlroy.', u'Maximilian Kieffer of Germany was two shots behind after a 70, and Sebastian Soderberg (71) another shot back with Swedish countryman Jens Dantorp (73).', u'Stenson, the highest-ranked golfer in the field at No. 4, scored an eagle-3 on the first hole and birdied his last hole in a 68 to climb into a three-way tie for sixth.', u'Local amateur Marcus Kinhult, who led during the first two days, shot 77 and dropped into a tie for 14th.']), ([u'New Beginning for Safarova After Paris Powershow'], [u'PARIS \u2014  It took Lucie Safarova 40 attempts to contest a grand slam final but her ', u' performance suggested the Czech should not have to wait too long before reaching that level again.', u'Safarova appeared to be heading for a quick execution by world number one Serena Williams on Saturday but she fought back into contention only to lose 6-3 6-7(2) 6-2.', u"En route to Saturday's final, the 13th seed had not dropped a set, using her firecracker forehand to crush the opposition which included twice champion Maria Sharapova and 2008 winner Ana Ivanovic.", u"It was a different story against Williams, but she still managed to shake the American's confidence when she opened a 2-0 lead in the decider.", u'"I\'m proud that I fought back in the second set because it was looking like it will be an easy match. Serena was really strong out there. I just pushed myself to step up the level," Safarova, who made her grand slam debut at the 2005 French Open, told a news conference.', u'"But when she won the serve on 2\u20111 she just stepped up her tennis again. She did some great shots to break me and started to play really strong. She just was playing better than me."', u"Safarova's previous best performance at a major was reaching the Wimbledon semi-finals in 2014 -- and on current form she with will be a force to be reckoned with when the grasscourt major begins on June 29.", u'On a surface that favours the big servers, her sang froid could be decisive in tiebreaks -- she won all six she played in Paris this year.', u'"You have moments where you\'re really on the roll and you just keep winning tiebreaks," the 28-year-old explained.', u'"I feel better in the key situations, the important situations."', u'Asked if she thought the French Open final appearance would  elevate her status on the circuit, Safarova said: "I hope it\'s a nice problem.', u'"I wish that will continue in the future tournaments, and I will do my best to play the great tennis that I played here. I hope this is just the beginning."', u"Safarova will be playing the women's doubles final on Sunday with American Bethanie Mattek-Sands against Australian Casey Dellacqua and Kazakhstan's Yaroslava Shvedova.", u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar)']), ([u'Woods Shoots Career-Worst Round of 85'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  Tiger Woods produced the worst round of his professional career, a 13-over-par 85 in the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday.    The 14-time major champion finished off a bad day with a quadruple bogey eight on the 18th hole to eclipse his previous worst of 82 at the Phoenix Open earlier this year.', u'Just a day after making a clutch par putt to make the cut on the number, the five-time event champion managed just one birdie while carding six bogeys, two double bogeys and the quadruple bogey.', u'"This is a sledgehammer to the side of the head," six time major champion Nick Faldo, now an analyst, said on Golf Channel.', u'"Tiger is going to walk away saying to himself, what am I going to do next? How do I pull this back. I\u2019m not too sure he much can handle all of this."', u'The round marked the third time in his professional career Woods had failed to break 80 after an 81 in the 2002 British Open.', u'The former world number one, who has slumped to 172nd in the global rankings, found water hazards four times.', u'As was the case over the opening two rounds he struggled to find fairways, getting just seven of 14, leaving him with 16 of 42 over three rounds', u'He sits 71st at 12-over par for the tournament, 24 shots off second round leader David Lingmerth.', u'American Zac Blair, playing with his idol for the first time, bested Woods by 15 shots.', u"\u201cI've always wanted to play with him. As a little kid that was kind of my dream growing up but it was unfortunate to see him not play great,\u201d the 20-year-old Blair said.", u"\u201cHe's just kind of working through some things, obviously it takes some time to work through some swing changes and stuff like that.", u"\u201cBut he's the best player to ever play, in my opinion. He'll get back to playing good.\u201d", u'EARLY BOGEYS', u'Woods\u2019 woes began with back-to-back bogeys on the fourth and fifth holes and when he went from bunker to bunker on the par three eighth en route to a double bogey, the wheels were already coming off.', u'He took another double on nine after dumping his approach in the water, was wet again on the 11th, and by the 12th was eight over.', u'His fifth bogey came on the 14th hole when he failed to get up and down from a greenside bunker before he managed his lone birdie on the par five 15th.', u'Any thought of a strong finish was denied when his approach on the 17th caught a tree and dropped into a creek, resulting in another bogey before absolute disaster struck on the last.', u'Taking a three-wood off the tee, Woods pulled his shot into another creek and after a drop could only muscle his ball short of the green.', u'He caught his chip shot heavy and watched his ball roll back down a steep slope and off the green. He chunked his next attempt into a bunker.', u'Unable to get up and down from the sand he was forced to take an eight, ensuring his worst ever score.', u'(Editing by Gene Cherry)']), ([u'Tiger Woods Shoots Worst Round of Career, 85, at Memorial'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  Tiger Woods hit a new low with a career high.', u'Right when it looked as though Woods was slowly making some semblance of progress, he posted an 85 on Saturday at the Memorial for the worst score of his career. It was three shots higher than the 82 he shot in the second round of the Phoenix Open in January, which led to him taking a two-month break from competition until he could get his game in order.', u'Woods ended his front nine with back-to-back double bogeys for a 42. Needing a par on the 18th hole to avoid his worst score, he hooked his tee shot into the water, flubbed two chips from short of the green and took a quadruple-bogey 8.', u'It was his third round in the 80s as a pro.', u'Woods, who had to make a 6-foot par putt on the final hole Friday just to make the cut, declined interview requests, walking out the door to sign a few autographs. About 20 minutes later, his coach and caddie were sitting at a curb waiting for a van to come by to get them.', u'He was in last place, meaning he would play as a single Sunday for the first time in his career.', u'"I\'m not only surprised, I feel very bad for him," tournament host Jack Nicklaus said. "He\'s struggled health-wise. He struggled with his short game earlier in the year. He feels like he\'s coming back and then he does this. I don\'t have an answer for it, an explanation.', u'"I\'m sure that he probably doesn\'t, either."', u'The broader question is where this leaves him with a full summer of majors ahead.', u'Woods showed remarkable improvement when he returned from his break at the Masters with a tie for 17th, though he was never seriously in contention. And while he had to make putts on his final hole just to survive the cut in his last two tournaments, it still was the first time in more than a year that he made the cut in three straight starts.', u'And now this.', u'He missed a 4-foot par putt at the par-3 fourth that was above the hole. He three-putted for bogey on the par-5 fifth with another 4-foot putt above the hole that he barely tapped. His round unraveled on the par-3 eighth when he caught a tough lie in the bunker, hit it thin over the green into another bunker and made double bogey. And then he made another double bogey when his approach to a front pin came short and into the water.', u'Worse than the score was that Woods was rarely in position to make birdie \u2014 he had only one in his round of 85.', u'He shot a 70 on Friday in the second round, with two late bogeys, though his putter atoned for mediocrity. He made two putts from the 30-foot range, another from 20 feet and two others from about 15 feet.', u'On Saturday, he missed three putts from the 5-foot range on the front nine alone. And in the end, all that mattered was how big the number was going to be.', u'And it was big.', u'Woods had only one round in the 80s over the first 14 years of his PGA Tour career \u2014 the 81 at Muirfield when he was caught in a Saturday gale at the British Open. He now has two scores in the 80s in his last 12 rounds.', u'It spoiled a big day for Zac Blair, the baby-faced rookie from Utah who was so fired up about his first pairing with Woods that his father flew in overnight to watch. Dad is James Blair, who played on the PGA Tour in 1984 and now is a golf director in Ogden.', u"The elder Blair played the PGA Championship at Valhalla in 2000, and 10-year-old Zac came along. All he cared about was getting Woods' autograph, which he did.", u'Blair was standing on the first tee as Woods was finishing up on the putting green, and the kid smiled and stuck out his hand to greet his idol. Then he hit driver down the opening fairway \u2014 Woods hit 3-wood right of the bunkers \u2014 and played a nice round of 70.', u'He always dreamed of playing with Woods. He never dreamed he would shoot 70 and beat Woods by 15 shots.', u'"It was obviously still great to play with him," Blair said. "He\'s one of the best players to ever play. It was nice to meet him. I enjoyed playing well. It would have been nice to see him play a little bit better, but he\'s working through some things. He\'ll get back playing good."', u'Even as Woods was headed toward the worst score of his career, Blair said he was "super nice, super friendly, was always willing to talk."', u'After the round, Blair posted a note to Woods on Twitter: "Nice to meet you. I\'m sure we will tee it up again!" He ended with the hashtag "goat" \u2014 greatest of all time.', u'Woods was at his absolute best when Blair was a 10-year-old kid at the Valhalla clubhouse trying to get his autograph. Woods went on to win that PGA in a playoff on his way to becoming the only player to sweep the four professional majors.', u"Woods hasn't won a major since his 14th at Torrey Pines in the 2008 ", u". He hasn't won a tournament in his last 20 events dating to August 2013.", u'The road back looks longer than ever.']), ([u"Brazil Demonstrators Decry State of Rio's Olympic Waters"], [u"RIO DE JANEIRO \u2014  Activists on Saturday staged a demonstration on a sewage- and trash-filled strewn Rio de Janeiro beach to protest authorities' failure to make good on promises to clean up the Olympic city's filthy waters ahead of the 2016 games.", u'Protesters gathered on Rio\'s Botafogo Beach, in the Guanabara Bay near where Olympic sailing events are to be held, and unfurled a banner reading "One billion dollars and it\'s still disgusting." A kayaker plied the brackish waters with a toilet atop his craft as the stench of sewage blew in on a gentle breeze.', u"With poor sanitation and garbage collection systems, much of the sewage and trash in this city of 12 million is swept into rivers that flow onto the city's famous beaches, lakes and lagoons, as well as Guanabara Bay. An initial effort to clean up the bay, dating back more than 20 years, failed to make much of a dent in the problem, and as part of the city's Olympic bid officials promised that a cleanup would be one of the games' most enduring legacies.", u"More than five years have passed since Rio was awarded the games, but the situation remains largely the same. And with just over one year left before the showcase sporting event, authorities have acknowledged their Olympic cleanup pledges won't be met, prompting Olympic sailors and others to voice worries about possible health risks to athletes who come in contact with the waters.", u'Rosemary Vega, a microbiologist who joined Saturday\'s protests, said such fears were warranted. She pointed to a recent study showing the presence of drug-resistant "super bacteria" in the waters of Botafogo and the neighboring Flamengo beaches.', u'"What people don\'t know is that these kinds of infections can kill you," she said. "It\'s a disgrace."']), ([u'Factbox: French Open Champion Serena Williams'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Factbox on American Serena Williams, who won her 20th grand slam title with a 6-3 6-7(2) 6-2 victory over Czech Lucie Safarova at the ', u' on Saturday:', u'Born in Michigan on September 26, 1981. (Age: 33)', u'Seed: 1', u'GRAND SLAM CAREER: 20 wins - Australian Open (2003, 2005,', u'2007, 2009, 2010, 2015); French Open (2002, 2013, 2015); Wimbledon (2002, 2003, 2009, 2010, 2012); ', u' (1999, 2002, 2008, 2012, 2013, 2014)', u'* Williams is third on the list of female grand', u'slam title winners.', u'* Is one of only five women, after Maureen Connolly,', u'Margaret Court, Martina Navratilova and Steffi Graf, to hold all', u'four grand slam titles at same time. The non-calendar year', u"achievement in 2002-03 was dubbed the 'Serena Slam'. She beat", u'her older sister Venus in each of the four finals.', u"* She also owns 13 women's grand slam doubles titles with", u'Venus and has won four Olympic gold medals: Singles (2012),', u'doubles (2000, 2008, 2012).', u'MAKING HER NAME', u'* Learned to play the game with older sister Venus in', u'Compton. Both were coached by their father Richard.', u'* Turned professional in September 1995.', u'* Won her first WTA Tour title in Paris in 1999, beating', u'Amelie Mauresmo in the final.', u'* Beat Martina Hingis in the U.S. Open final in 1999,', u'becoming the first African American woman to win a grand slam', u'singles title since Althea Gibson in 1958.', u'TENNIS CAREER', u'* Failed to make another grand slam final until 2001 when', u'she lost in the U.S. Open final to older sister Venus.', u'* Missed the 2002 Australian Open with injury then embarked', u'on an incredible run that included winning five of the next six', u'grand slams and losing in the semi-finals of the 2003 French', u'open.', u'* Career affected by injury over the next four years,', u'winning two Australian Open titles in 2005 and 2007 but failing', u'to advance beyond the quarter-finals at the other three.', u'* Won U.S. Open in 2008 to break the grand slam drought,', u'having not won a major title since the 2007 Australian open.', u'* At the 2009 U.S. Open, Williams was fined $175,000 and', u'placed on a two-year probation for unsportsmanlike behavior in', u'her semi-final loss to Kim Clijsters.', u'* Joined Billie-Jean King on all-time grand slam list in', u'sixth with 12th grand slam title at 2010 Australian Open.', u'* She missed the U.S. Open in 2010 because of medical', u'complications after cutting her foot on glass while celebrating', u'her win at Wimbledon.', u'* In 2011, she underwent surgery after a life-threatening', u'blood clot was detected on her lung. She made the U.S. Open', u"final but lost to Australia's Sam Stosur.", u'* Won Wimbledon title in 2012 and followed that up with', u'Olympic gold medal on the same grass courts beating top seed', u'Victoria Azarenka in semi-finals and third seed Maria Sharapova', u'in final.', u'* Won fourth U.S. Open title in 2012, beating Azarenka in', u'the final.', u'* Crashed out to teenage compatriot Sloane Stephens in', u'Australian Open quarter-final in 2013 but rebounded to claim her', u'second Roland Garros title, one of 10 titles she wins that year', u'to reclaim world top ranking.', u'* Knocked out early in 2014 Australian Open, but claims', u'seven titles, including her sixth U.S. Open, which is her third', u'in succession, to join compatriots Chris Evert and Martina', u'Navratilova on 18 grand slam wins.', u'* Defeats Maria Sharapova in the 2015 Australian Open final to claim her 19th grand slam title.', u'* Despite battling a bout of flu, she wins a third successive major title and 20th overall by overcoming Czech left-hander Lucie Safarova in the French Open final.', u'(Compiled By Tom Hayward; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'The Latest: Pique Snags Unique Souvenir of CL Victory'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  The Latest from the Champions League final:', u'___', u'11:23 p.m.', u"As well as fine memories and a shiny winner's medal, Gerard Pique has a unique souvenir from Barcelona's Champions League victory: the net from Juventus 'keeper Gianluigi Buffon's goal.", u'While his teammates celebrated with the trophy, the defender cut down the net with a pair of scissors.', u'___', u'11:04 p.m.', u'Unforgettable scenes at the Champions League final, with Xavi Hernandez lifting the big-eared trophy in his last game for Barcelona, the now five-time champion of Europe thanks to its 3-1 victory against Juventus.', u'Wearing a white headband written "100 percent Jesus," Neymar was down on his knees after the final whistle. The Brazilian scored with the last kick of the game. He kissed the trophy before UEFA President Michel Platini handed it to Xavi to hold aloft.', u'Andrea Pirlo was in tears. If this was his last match for Juventus, the 36-year-old went out in style, albeit with a defeat.', u'But he got a hug from Xavi, another giant of the game who made his 151st Champions League appearance, a record, coming on as a second-half substitute.', u'Xavi kept the match ball, stuffing it under his jersey.', u'Nice touch from the Barcelona players: They lined up to applaud the Juventus team as they went up to collect their medals from Platini, a possible successor to Sepp Blatter when the FIFA president makes good on his pledge to stand down.', u'___', u'10:47 p.m.', u"That's it. Barcelona is the new champion of Europe. Given the intensity and quality of its play in the Champions League final against a valiant Juventus side, rightly so, too.", u'Goals from Ivan Rakitic, Luis Suarez and a last-minute strike from Neymar gave the champions of Spain their fourth European title in the past decade and fifth overall.', u"Alvaro Morata got Juventus' goal in the 55th minute, setting up an enthralling second half.", u'In the Barcelona goal, Marc-Andre ter Stegen saved a late effort from Claudio Marchisio, pushing the ball wide of his post.', u'Huge celebrations down on the pitch, with Barcelona players huddled in a mass of delight.', u'The best possible send-off for Xavi Hernandez, who played his 151st Champions League match, and last, for Barcelona, coming on in the second half for Andres Iniesta.', u'___', u'10:21 p.m.', u"Try, try and try again could be Luis Suarez's motto.", u'After a flurry of goal attempts, the striker scores to put Barcelona ahead 2-1 in the 68th minute of the Champions League final.', u'Lionel Messi did the damage, carving through the Juventus ranks with one of his trademark runs before getting away a shot that Gianluigi Buffon could only palm away.', u"Suarez scored on the rebound. That is the 121st goal this season for a member of Barcelona's attacking trio of Suarez, Messi and Neymar.", u"Neymar thought he had made it 3-1 moments later. But the assistant referee rightly spotted that the Brazilian's header came off his hand before going past Buffon.", u'___', u'GOAL! Juventus 1 Barcelona 2 (Luis Suarez 68)', u'___', u'10:11 p.m.', u'Juventus is back in it, and still fighting for its first Champions League title since 1996.', u'Alvaro Morata got the goal that levels the score in the final at 1-1 in the second half, after a torrid spell when Barcelona threatened to double its lead.', u"Right-back Stephan Lichtsteiner created the opening with a surging run and a pass that found Carlos Tevez in the box. The Juventus striker got a solid shot away that Marc-Andre ter Stegen stopped but couldn't collect.", u'Morata, who won the Champions League with Real Madrid last season, scored off the rebound.', u'In the stadium where he won the 2006 World Cup with Italy, Gianluigi Buffon kept Juventus in the game with his goalkeeping before the all-important equalizer.', u'In a super-quick early counterattack after defending a Juventus corner, Barcelona broke up field in numbers, with first-half goal-scorer Ivan Rakitic again on the ball.', u"The Barcelona midfielder flicked a pass out wide to Luis Suarez. The Barcelona striker aimed for Buffon's near post with a shot from the outside of his foot. The 37-year-old 'keeper kept it out.", u'___', u'GOAL! Juventus 1 (Alvaro Morata 54) Barcelona 1', u'___', u'9:43 p.m.', u'Barcelona is 45 minutes away from lifting the European Cup for the fifth time, and fourth time in a decade.', u'It leads 1-0 at halftime in the 2015 Champions League final. Its goal came from an unlikely source: midfielder Ivan Rakitic.', u'Juventus is finding that the danger when facing the champions of Spain comes from so many places.', u"Toward the end of an engrossing first 45 minutes, Luis Suarez shaved Gianluigi Buffon's right-hand post with a shot that the Barcelona striker somehow squeezed out as he was wriggling through the Juventus defense.", u'Suarez tested Buffon again a minute later with a shot from the left that the 37-year-old Buffon got both palms to.', u"Paul Pogba, Juventus' 22-year-old midfielder seen as a future megastar, has yet to really demonstrate why he is coveted by top European teams.", u"His partner in the Italian midfield, Arturo Vidal, popped up everywhere, covering more ground than anyone as the champions of Italy labored to cancel out Rakitic's goal in the 4th minute.", u'Four-time world player of the year Lionel Messi dribbled through the Juventus defense at the end of the first half but has yet to set the game alight.', u'___', u'9:22 p.m.', u"No lack of effort from Juventus, trying to get back in the Champions League final and cancel out Barcelona's early 1-0 lead.", u"Striker Alvaro Morata should have done better with a chance in the 24th minute, in front of the Barcelona goal. But the 22-year-old from Spain didn't connect sweetly with the ball, shooting wide of Marc-Andre ter Stegen's goal.", u"Midfielder Claudio Marchisio was far more threatening two minutes later, shooting from about 25 meters out, but the ball's rising trajectory carried it over the bar.", u"Having roared to a quick lead, Barcelona is a little bit quieter now. Its fans, however, aren't. Their singing has been lusty and a drummer is keeping up a steady beat from their section of the Olympic Stadium.", u'___', u'9:10p.m.', u"Having launched the attack that put Barcelona ahead, Lionel Messi almost created a second goal. A diving Neymar just failed by a whisker to get on the end of Messi's long pass.", u'Gianluigi Buffon is having a torrid time in the Juventus goal and is yelling at his teammates. The 37-year-old still has the reflexes of a cat, getting a left hand to a shot from Barcelona right-back Dani Alves that otherwise would have gone in.', u'Referee Cuneyt Cakir has shown his first card, a yellow, to Juventus midfielder Arturo Vidal for clipping Sergio Busquets.', u'Barcelona has been the most impressive of the two sides in the first 20 minutes, with Neymar especially looking dangerous in space down the left. At the other end, Paul Pogba nearly found striker Carlos Tevez with a pass across the box at the end of a surging run. But Javier Mascherano cut out the ball.', u'___', u'8:59 p.m.', u'How good is Barcelona? So good that it needed just 3 minutes, 30 seconds to tear Juventus apart. It leads 1-0.', u'A deep pass from Lionel Messi started the attack. Jordi Alba collected on the left wing and passed to Neymar, who then slipped it to Andres Iniesta in the box. With a neat flick of his right foot, Iniesta found Ivan Rakitic, who thumped past Gianluigi Buffon in the Juventus goal from eight meters.', u'___', u'GOAL! Juventus 0 Barcelona 1 (Ivan Rakitic 4)', u'___', u'8:49 p.m.', u'The 2015 Champions League final is underway, kicked off by Juventus.', u'___', u'8:43 p.m.', u'As the sun sinks into a fiery ball on the Berlin horizon, the pitch for the Champions League final has been turned into a riot of color by 400 performers in the opening ceremony.', u'Soprano Nina Maria Fisher and tenor Manual Gomez Ruiz are singing the Champions League anthem, Handel\'s "Zadok the Priest," accompanied by 50 voices of the Junges Ensemble Berlin Choir.', u'The teams have filed out.', u'Kickoff is moments away.', u'___', u'8:35 p.m.', u"Environmental activists are piggybacking on the Champions League final spotlight, unfurling a giant banner from a towering stone pillar that overlooks the Olympic Stadium, venue of tonight's showpiece match.", u'The banner urges Russian energy giant Gazprom, a tournament sponsor, not to drill for oil in the Artic.', u'Our Associated Press reporter Rob Harris tweeted this photo of the "No Artic Oil" banner flapping in the breeze: https://', u'Not sure that many fans saw it: Eyes are riveted on the pre-tournament show.', u'___', u'8:27 p.m.', u'What theater.', u"There's a resounding battle of noise between the tens of thousands of opposing fans in the Olympic Stadium. Shrill whistling from the Juventus half was as loud as a jumbo jet on take-off when the stadium announcer read out the Barcelona players' names. Barca fans returned the favor when the Juventus lineup was announced.", u'___', u'8:15 p.m.', u'The referee for the Champions League final, Cuneyt Cakir, is not shy about pulling out red cards in big games.', u"At the 2012 Club World Cup final, the 38-year-old from Turkey sent off Chelsea's Gary Cahill and Corinthians won 1-0.", u"In 2013, he sent off Manchester United's Nani in a Champions League last-16 match.", u"Cakir's assistants at the Olympic Stadium are his countrymen Bahattin Duran and Tarik Ongun. The fourth official is Jonas Eriksson from Sweden.", u'Two additional assistant referees, Huseyin Gocek and Baris Simsek, are also from Turkey. A reserve assistant referee, Mustafa Emre Eyisoy, completes the officiating team.', u'___', u'8:01 p.m.', u'No surprises from either Massimiliano Allegri or Luis Enrique. The Juventus and Barcelona coaches are sticking with the winning formulas that got their teams to the Champions League final.', u'Barcelona is unchanged from the side that lost 3-2 loss at Bayern Munich in the semifinal, second leg, but which still advanced 5-3 on aggregate to the final. 2010 World Cup winning goal scorer Andres Iniesta starts in the Barcelona midfield, seemingly recovered from a right knee problem.', u'For Juventus, Andrea Barzagli replaces injured defender Giorgio Chiellini. That is the only change in the team that tied 1-1 with Real Madrid in the semifinal, second leg, to advance 3-2 on aggregate.', u'___', u'7:50 p.m.', u'How the finalists line up:', u'Barcelona: Marc-Andre ter Stegen; Daniel Alves, Gerard Pique, Javier Mascherano, Jordi Alba; Sergio Busquets, Ivan Rakitic, Andres Iniesta; Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez, Neymar.', u'Juventus: Gianluigi Buffon; Stephan Lichtsteiner, Andrea Barzagli, Leonardo Bonucci, Patrice Evra; Claudio Marchisio, Andrea Pirlo, Paul Pogba, Arturo Vidal; Alvaro Morata, Carlos Tevez.', u'___', u'7:36 p.m.', u"Some thrive, others wilt under the intense pressure of club football's biggest game, the Champions League final. Paul Pogba looks like he can't wait.", u'The Juventus midfielder, chewing what looks like a plastic coffee-stirrer, sported an ear-to-ear grin as he wandered onto the Olympic Stadium pitch. He whipped out his mobile phone to record the scene for posterity and went over to greet a section of Juventus fans.', u'Neymar \u2014 a prong in the Barcelona attacking trio, with Lionel Messi and Luis Suarez, that has scored 120 goals so far this season \u2014 is looking cool as a cucumber, too. Headphones on, the Brazilian sang to himself as he came off the Barcelona bus. Samba, perhaps.', u"Down in the locker rooms, the players' jerseys await. Video here: https://", u'___', u'7:15 p.m.', u"The venue for the Champions League final, Berlin's Olympic Stadium, is steeped in history, some of it very dark.", u'The Nazis built it as their showpiece arena to milk the propaganda value of the 1936 Olympic Games. Adolf Hitler himself selected the design by brothers Werner and Walter March.', u"But sharecroppers' son Jesse Owens stole the Olympic show. Winning four gold medals, the black American made a mockery of Nazi claims of Aryan supremacy. Hitler refused to enter the stadium when Owens competed.", u"Barcelona and Juventus fans are flocking to the stadium on a road named in his honor. Owens is also remembered \u2014 along with other gold medalists from 1936 \u2014 on a   stone plaque carved with their names. Here's a photo: https://", u'After the Allied victory in 1945, British troops took over the arena. In 2002, during renovation work, a 250-kilogram (550-pound) British bomb was plucked from beneath the lower ring of seats.', u'___', u'6:57 p.m.', u"Downtown, at the Brandenburg Gate that was on the dividing line between East and West Berlin during the Cold War, it is party time, with a capital 'P.'", u"Fans of Juventus and Barcelona, the Champions League finalists, are filling the air with chants, bouncing up and down in unison, waving flags and quenching their thirst with beer on the German capital's hottest day of the year so far, with temperatures into the high 20s Celsius (above 80 Fahrenheit.)", u'Many Barca fans have been letting their hair down at Breitscheidplatz in the west of Berlin, while Juve fans massed at  Alexanderplatz in the east. One of them set off a flare, sending others scampering for safety. Police officers are patrolling in numbers around the city.', u'___', u'6:45 p.m.', u"Sick of FIFA corruption? Itching for Sepp Blatter to make good on his promise to leave soccer's governing body? In which case, let the football \u2014 not its sordid politics \u2014 take your mind off the unpleasantness for a few hours.", u'The Champions League final is two hours away. Thousands of sun-roasted but expectant fans are thronging at the Olympic Stadium in Berlin for the ultimate showcase of club football and are painting the town Juventus white and black and Barcelona red and blue.', u'As these pictures from our Associated Press photographers show, spirits are high: ', u' , ', u'One quarter of the stadium looks like a copy of the Camp Nou, Barcelona\'s stadium, with seats in the club\'s colors and writing out its slogan: "Mes Que Un Club" \u2014 "More than a club."']), ([u'Magical Trio Gives Barcelona an Edge'], [u'LONDON \u2014  After the filthiest fortnight imaginable, and before the lawyers feast on FIFA\u2019s carcass, there is just a chance that true stars will shine in Berlin on Saturday night.', u'The prize in the Olympic Stadium is worth more than money. It is legitimate to ask if ', u', Luis Su\xe1rez and Neymar constitute the most incredible trio of strikers in one lineup since Alfredo Di St\xe9fano, Ferenc Puskas and Jos\xe9 H\xe9ctor Rial.', u'Comparisons across the decades light a bonfire of argumentation. Di Stefano, Pusk\xe1s and Rial will remain unbeatable in the memories of older fans, but the game has changed since they scored, almost at will apparently, for Real Madrid between 1955 and 1960.', u'One thing that hasn\u2019t changed is that Europe \u2014 Spain in particular \u2014 attracts the finest global talent like gold dust to speculators. ', u'\u2019s front three against ', u' this weekend are an Argentine, a Brazilian and a Uruguayan. Real of 50 years ago was led by two Argentines and Pusk\xe1s, a Hungarian.', u'What magic they reaped, and what devastation Messi and his two cohorts have wreaked in the Spanish league and in the Champions League this season. When Bar\xe7a paid out  over $100 million to sign Su\xe1rez last summer, the most prevalent questions were why does it need another goal scorer, why not fix the defense instead, and why in any case buy the villain Su\xe1rez who was banned through August, September and October after biting the shoulder of Italy\u2019s Giorgio Chiellini at the World Cup?', u'The first answer is that great players adapt. Messi changed his role, not as one imagined by dropping deeper to create for the other two, but by moving out to the right wing.', u'But with Messi cutting inside, onto his favored left foot yet with breathtaking pace and balance and dancing spontaneity, he was still able to outscore the others, while also assisting each of them with regularity.', u'The outcome, in cold statistics, is Messi 58 goals in 55 games, Neymar 38 goals in 48 appearances, and Su\xe1rez 24 goals from 40 matches. A grand total, unprecedented in any Spanish club, of 120 goals from just three men. And the math says nothing of Messi\u2019s mesmerizing moves or the chances he sets up for others; it says nothing of the way that Su\xe1rez stretches defenses with his running down of lost causes, and little of the way that Neymar still so impishly gives the impression of playing for the sheer joy of it.', u'How is Juve to cope with this trident? Juventus has reached this showpiece by eliminating Real Madrid, which in Cristiano Ronaldo, Karim Benzema and Gareth Bale had, on paper at least, a credible \u2014 and even more expensive \u2014 trio of its own.', u'Laced with organization, experience and hunger, this collective effort has driven Juve toward the same triple peak of league, domestic cup and Champions League titles that Bar\xe7a is pursuing.', u'Each team also has a golden oldie on the brink of retirement, at least from playing at this level. Xavi, the first man to play 150 games in the Champions League, will probably start on the bench, but come on at some stage to mark his farewell before he leaves to semiretirement in Qatar with Al Sadd.', u'The Juventus playmaker Andrea Pirlo negotiated the past week with the M.L.S. team New York City FC.', u'At 35 and 36 respectively, Xavi and Pirlo depart as playmakers who have distinguished European soccer.', u'And Juventus will contest Saturday\u2019s final without the veteran Chiellini, who tore a calf muscle in training Wednesday.', u'Maybe all that running, all that pushing of mind and muscle carrying Juve further than the experts predicted, is taking a toll on the Italians as they head for the hardest task of all. Barcelona, toughened up at the back, changed in midfield, and simply irresistible in the attack, is the heavy favorite to win in the Olympic Stadium.', u'Remember, though, the words of Gianluigi Buffon, the captain, the night when Juve knocked out last season\u2019s champion Real in Madrid. \u201cI expect,\u201d he said, \u201cnot to have any regrets. We will not go to Berlin as tourists, after all the work and the journey we\u2019ve made; we are there to play a game that means a huge amount to us.\u201d']), ([u'Williams Beats Safarova in 3 Sets at French for 20th Major'], [u'PARIS \u2014  What started out as a stroll became quite a struggle for Serena Williams.', u'After going up by a set and two breaks in the ', u' final Saturday, she double-faulted away that lead. Then, suddenly, she trailed in the third set.', u'As the tension thickened, Williams was warned by the chair umpire for cursing loudly. She even felt the need to hit one shot left-handed.', u'Ah, but when Williams plays her best, no one is better. Putting aside a lingering illness, a mid-match lull and a feisty opponent, Williams won her third title at Roland Garros and 20th Grand Slam singles trophy by beating 13th-seeded Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2.', u'"I got so frustrated. I was just so angry at myself. I pretty much gave the match away," the No. 1-seeded Williams said, her voice scratchy and her nose stuffy. "I just had to, like, try to pull it together."', u"That she did, taking the last six games and adding to her 2002 and 2013 championships on the French Open's red clay. Those go alongside six each from the ", u' and Australian Open, and five from Wimbledon.', u'"When I was a little girl, in California, my father and my mother wanted me to play tennis," the 33-year-old American told the crown in French earlier. "And now I\'m here, with 20 Grand Slam titles."', u'Only two players in the century-plus history of Grand Slam tennis have more: Margaret Smith Court with 24, and Steffi Graf with 22.', u"Williams also stretched her winning streak at the majors to 21 matches, following titles at the U.S. Open last September and Australian Open in January. She is the first woman since Jennifer Capriati in 2001 to win the Australian Open and French Open back-to-back and heads to Wimbledon's grass with a chance to extend a bid to accomplish just about the only thing she hasn't: win a calendar-year Grand Slam.", u'"Why not?" said her coach, Patrick Mouratoglou. "That\'s probably the most difficult thing to do in tennis. But it\'s possible."', u"Saturday's victory did not come easily for Williams, who skipped practice Friday because she was sick, sleeping until the afternoon at her Paris apartment.", u'"It\'s been a nightmare," Williams said.', u"Owner of the most feared serve in women's tennis, she double-faulted 11 times.", u'She made 25 unforced errors in the second set alone, and 42 in all, 25 more than Safarova, a 28-year-old lefty with a whip-like forehand appearing in her first major final.', u'"My first serve abandoned me," said Williams, who is 32-1 in 2015, 12-0 in three-setters. "Once she saw that I got a little tight, she started playing really a lot better."', u'Williams got broken serving for the match at 6-5 in the second set, then was down 2-0 in the third, before turning things around.', u'"When she was on, she was just serving amazing and going for the returns, pressuring me right away," said Safarova, who will play in the women\'s doubles final Sunday with American Bethanie Mattek-Sands. "It\'s just hard to do anything with that."', u'When it was over, Williams dropped her racket, threw her head back and lifted her arms into a "V." In the stands, Mouratoglou held aloft two fingers on his right hand and made a fist with his left, to symbolize "20."', u"And to think: Four times in this tournament, Williams dropped the opening set before coming back to win, including in Thursday's semifinals, when she was lethargic and bothered by the flu.", u'So the question leading into the final was: How healthy would Williams be? She began providing answers from the get-go.', u'Williams closed the first game with a 120 mph (194 kph) ace. She went up 3-1 by breaking with a cross-court forehand return winner. The first set flew by and even Safarova acknowledged afterward, "It was looking like it will be an easy match."', u'At 4-1 for Williams in the second, seemingly all but over, she began to falter. A dull contest, and the Court Philippe Chatrier crowd, came to life.', u'"I just had goose bumps," Safarova said, "hearing those people cheering."', u'Coughing between points, Williams double-faulted twice in a row to get broken for the first time, then double-faulted again to make it 4-all.', u'When Safarova, growing ever more confident, held moments later, she had taken four consecutive games. She stood strong in the tiebreaker and at the outset of the third set, too, displaying the strokes that beat past champions Maria Sharapova and Ana Ivanovic during what Safarova called an "amazing two weeks for me."', u'As soon as Safarova made things interesting enough Saturday to perhaps begin thinking about clutching the silver trophy, Williams quickly regained control, as she so often does.', u'___']), ([u'No Stopping Serena as She Hoists 20th Major Trophy'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Nothing, absolutely nothing could stop Serena Williams winning her 20th grand slam singles title and the American joyously bounced around in delight as she hoisted the glistening ', u' trophy on Saturday.', u'It was a victory that seemed unlikely 24 hours earlier as she battled the debilitating effects of the flu.', u'It was a victory that seemed unlikely as she raged at allowing a 6-3 4-1 40-15 lead slip through her fingers in the second set against Lucie Safarova.', u'It was a victory that seemed unlikely 20 minutes earlier when Safarova had broken for a 2-0 lead in the third set.', u'Yet Williams is not considered one of the all-time greats for nothing and she screamed, shouted and roared her way to a 6-3 6-7(2) 6-2 victory over the Czech 13th seed.', u'As Williams celebrated by raising both arms and looking skywards, her coach Patrick Mouratoglou held up two fingers with one hand and shaped an 0 with the other to signal her 20th triumph.', u'"It has been a nightmare 48 hours," said the 33-year-old.', u'"When you have the flu your whole body aches. That\'s what I have been dealing with," Williams added following a third Roland Garros victory which left her only behind Margaret Court (24) and Steffi Graf (22) on the list of leading major winners.', u'"It makes this trophy really special. I really wanted it. I wanted to win so bad.', u'"I can\'t believe I won but it\'s cool," added Williams after being presented with the trophy by fellow American Martina Navratilova.', u"The result also left her one Wimbledon trophy away from completing what she calls the 'Serena Slam' -- holding all four slams at the same time -- for the second time in her career having achieved the feat in 2003.", u'LITTLE KNOWN', u'Twelve years ago Novak Djokovic was little known in tennis circles but on Sunday he can add his name to the greats as he bids to become the eighth man to claim a career grand slam.', u"He earned that opportunity by subduing British third seed Andy Murray 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 to set up a final showdown with Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka.", u'"This is the kind of situation that you work for the entire year, to get yourself in a position to play against one of the biggest rivals and to fight for major titles," said the Serb.', u'"I\'m just glad I overcame the challenge," Djokovic added after beating Murray for the eighth successive time.', u'Williams had an 8-0 record over Safarova going into the final and at 6-3 4-1 40-15 up it seemed only a matter of time before that would turn into 9-0 -- prompting one booming male voice to sing out from the stands "Serena\'s on firrrrrre".', u'But if Williams was feeling "lousy" 24 hours earlier as she battled flu, it was nothing compared to the fury she felt when she surrendered two successive serves with double faults to lose four games on the trot.', u'It was now Safarova who was on fire and the 13th seed, bidding to become the first Czech woman to lift the Suzanne Lenglen Cup since Hana Mandlikova in 1981, stormed through the tiebreak 7-2 before breaking again in the opening game of the third.', u'Williams saw red and obscenities flowed from her mouth -- earning her a warning -- while she angrily flung the official red and black tournament towels away from her chair.', u'The explosion had the desired effect as she channeled her anger to hit some audacious shots, including a left-handed forehand midway through a 19-stroke rally that she won.', u'The woman who had survived four three-set battles to reach the showpiece match -- including a semi-final against 23rd-seeded Swiss Timea Bacsinszky when she was totally out of sorts -- was determined to go the distance again.', u'Williams won the last six games to complete a remarkable triumph that had looked nigh on impossible at several stages of the tournament and was testimony to her sheer determination.', u'(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Julien Pretot and Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Farah Stands by Coach Unless Doping Accusations Confirmed'], [u'BIRMINGHAM, England \u2014  Double Olympic champion Mo Farah declared on Saturday he would stay with his coach Alberto Salazar unless there was clear evidence that the American was involved in doping.    Salazar was accused of administering banned substances to his athletes in a BBC documentary screened this week.    At a news conference on Saturday on the eve of the Birmingham Diamond League meeting 32-year-old Briton Farah said his name had been "dragged through the mud" since the allegations were aired.    "I am not leaving Alberto for the reason that I haven\'t seen any clear evidence," Farah, who won the 5,000 and 10,000 metres double at the 2012 London Games, said. "If the allegations are true then I will be the first man to leave him.    "I have not done anything but my name has been dragged through the mud. It\'s not right, not fair and I am angry. You guys are killing me. It\'s not about me it\'s about Alberto.    "I\'m a clean athlete. I\'m against drugs 100 percent and believe anyone caught should be banned."    Farah said he had spoken to Salazar on Friday night who had told him the allegations were not true.    UK athletics chief executive Niels de Vos said Salazar had assured the governing body he would respond in full to the accusations.', u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Folau Hat-Trick Seals Playoff Place for Rampant NSW Waratahs'], [u'BLOEMFONTEIN \u2014  New South Wales Waratahs will be in the Super Rugby playoffs after a hat-trick of tries from fullback Israel Folau helped secure a 58-33 thrashing of South Africa\u2019s Cheetahs on Saturday.', u'The Waratahs moved to the top of the Australian conference after the bonus-point win and lead the ACT Brumbies by virtue of having more victories in this year\u2019s competition with both teams on 47 points from 15 matches.', u'Even if they are pipped to top-spot by the Brumbies in the final round of league matches next weekend, the Sydney-based side will not finish lower than sixth in the Super Rugby table, which is enough to secure their passage to the knockout stages.', u'The Waratahs ran in nine tries against the worst defence in the competition with Folau leading the way with his three scores.', u'Flanker Michael Hooper, wings Matt Carraro (two) and Taqele Naiyaravoro, centre Adam Ashley-Cooper and flyhalf Bernard Foley also crossed the tryline.', u'Foley converted five of those scores and kicked a penalty.', u'The Cheetahs played their usual attacking game as Springbok wing Cornal Hendricks and centre Francois Venter grabbed a brace of tries each to go with a score from flank Boom Prinsloo from a driving maul.', u'Fullback Coenie van Wyk kicked three conversions and flyhalf Daniel Marais another.', u'(Reporting by Nick Said; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Murray Turning His Focus to Grass After French Open Loss'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Andy Murray left the ', u' in optimistic mood, and with the firm belief that a third Grand Slam title is not too far away.', u'The third-seeded Briton pushed top-ranked Novak Djokovic to a fifth set in their French Open semifinal that spanned over two days, before the Serb stepped up a gear to clinch a 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 5-7, 6-1 win on Saturday.', u'Speaking after the match, Murray said his game is "back to where it needs to be in terms of winning Slams."', u"Murray's performance against the top-ranked Serb was widely acclaimed, especially after Djokovic dispatched nine-time champion Rafael Nadal in straight sets in the quarterfinals. Djokovic had not dropped a set en route to his semifinal.", u'"Andy really surprised me, especially in the way he proudly fought back," said Henri Leconte, a former French Open runner-up. "And he was not playing on his favorite surface. He just needs an extra something to get past Novak. But you\'d better watch for him at Wimbledon and the ', u'."', u'On the back of his best clay-court season ever, Murray is confident he can go one better at Wimbledon, where he triumphed in 2013 but was upset in the quarterfinals by Grigor Dimitrov last year. He also won the U.S. Open in 2012.', u'"Physically I\'m back there again, and obviously now with the grass-court season coming up, hopefully I can get myself an opportunity there and play much better going into the grass this year than I was last year," said Murray.', u'___', u'AP Sports Writer Jerome Pugmire contributed to this report.']), ([u'Forget FIFA Scandal, Fans Say Before Champions League Final'], [u"BERLIN \u2014  The thousands of Barcelona and Juventus fans streaming into Berlin's Olympic Stadium for the Champions League final later on Saturday were confident the showpiece would knock the FIFA scandal off the front pages and out of people's minds.", u'The hordes in high spirits from Spain and Italy blanketed the German capital on Saturday, many easily identifiable in their team colours. They were nevertheless united in their hopes that the FIFA scandal would go away \u2013 at least for the day.', u'"This is the best part of football \u2013 the fans and the players. We\'re here because we love the game," said Pasquale D\'Andrea, a 23-year-old student from Foggia, Italy wearing a black and white Juve jersey.', u'"This isn\'t about money. The people at the top of FIFA only care about the money. They should get lost."', u"World soccer's governing body was plunged into the worst crisis in the organisation's 111-year history on May 27 when Swiss police staged a dawn raid in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges filed by U.S. prosecutors in New York.", u"Adrian Adell, a 25-year-old pharmacist proudly wearing Barcelona's blue and maroon colours in front of the stadium, said the Champions League final was the only thing that mattered on Saturday.", u'"FIFA is ruining football," he said. "It\'s a terrible thing when these people in power take advantage of the passions of the fans. But today the only thing that matters is the game."', u'Standing nearby in his Barca jersey was Ivan Tirade, a 37-year-old shopkeeper from Valencia getting in the mood for his fourth Champions League final.', u'"I don\'t care about the FIFA scandal today, maybe tomorrow," he said. "We\'re here to see a great match."', u'Francesca Lombardo, a 26-year-old office clerk from Glarus, Switzerland who said she\'s been a Juve fan "since I was born" thanks to Italian father, shared Tirade\'s view, saying she doesn\'t know or care much about the FIFA scandal.', u'"It\'s a big deal in Switzerland but I don\'t care. I only care about the game."', u'But Barca fan Omar Trevino, a 37-year-old manager at Airbus in Hamburg, defended outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter.', u'"He was actually really good at managing people. He had everything under control for a many years," he said. "I thought FIFA was well managed but we never knew what was behind it all."', u'Ralf Rodemayer, a technician from Zell am See in Austria, has been a Barca fan for 20 of his 26 years.', u'"It\'s time to celebrate soccer again and not moan about all that\'s wrong with FIFA," he said. "It\'s time to rally around the guys in the jerseys and not the jerks in their suits."', u'(This story corrects spelling in para two)', u'(Reporting by Erik Kirschbaum)']), ([u'Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole in Canadian Grand Prix'], [u"MONTREAL \u2014  Lewis Hamilton came to Montreal to put his frustrating fortnight behind him, and he's in position to do just that.", u'The reigning Formula One champion took the pole for the Canadian Grand Prix on Saturday, his fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. He has already won three races this year, and his worst finish was third in the previous race in Monaco, when his team bungled strategically and allowed two pursuers to pass him.', u'"It\'s definitely a positive to come back into this weekend on the right foot, to come back still with the good pace I had in the last race," Hamilton said on Saturday. "But there\'s no points for today; the race is tomorrow."', u"A three-time Canadian GP champion, Hamilton posted a fastest lap of 1 minute, 14.393 seconds in qualifying on Saturday over the 2.71-mile (4.361-km) Circuit Gilles Villeneuve. Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg will start next to him, with an all-Finnish second row of Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen and Williams' Valtteri Bottas.", u"Mercedes is 1-2 in the championship race, with Hamilton holding a 10-point lead over Rosberg. But that's half as large as the gap was heading into the Monaco Grand Prix on May 24, when Hamilton's team cost him a chance at the win by calling him into the pits late in the race.", u'Mercedes technical director Paddy Lowe apologized, and Hamilton said through gritted teeth that he was looking ahead, not back. But he knew the only way to overcome the setback was to return to Montreal, the site of his first F1 victory in 2007, and win here for the fourth time.', u"Things didn't start out well in Friday's practice when he spun, jumped a curb and then \u2014 as a torrential rain began to fall \u2014 skidded into the safety barrier. He had the slowest best lap in the final practice on Saturday morning, then turned it around in qualifying \u2014 the 44th career pole for the driver of car No. 44.", u'"It wasn\'t the easiest of days, so I was going into qualifying a bit blind really," he said. "But I won my first Grand Prix here, and to get my 44th pole here is very special for me."', u'Rosberg left the track at the end complaining to his team of a "rubbish end of the qualifying," but he consoled himself with the knowledge that he will start in the front row.', u'"I had a bad qualifying and I\'m still second on the grid," he said. "That gives me hope for tomorrow."', u'The big surprise in qualifying was the failure of four-time F1 champion Sebastien Vettel to make it out of the first session. Vettel came out just minutes before the end of the 20-minute period and had only two laps at full speed, the best still 1.5 seconds slower than session-leader Romain Grosjean.', u'Vettel was called to the stewards after qualifying for passing Roberto Merhi while the red flag was out. He was sent to the back of the grid, given a five-position penalty and docked three points.', u"Joining Vettel in the pits for the remainder of qualifying was Felipe Massa, who complained of a loss of power. Jenson Button didn't take part after parking his car alongside the track in the final practice session because of a loss of engine power.", u'Rookie Max Verstappen, who was given a five-position penalty for causing a crash in Monaco, also took a 10-position penalty for using his fifth engine of the season. That means not only does he start at the back of the pack, but he will have a 10-second stop-and-go penalty during the race.']), ([u'Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid.', u"The pole was championship leader Hamilton's sixth in seven races this season and a career 44th for the driver who races with the number 44 on his car.", u'"It wasn\'t the easiest of days," said Hamilton, who failed to get a quick lap under his belt in final practice, with some understatement. "I went into qualifying blind as to where the setup would be.', u'"It\'s definitely a positive to come back into this weekend on the right foot, to come back with the good pace I had from the last race after a difficult time," added the Briton.', u'Hamilton took the first win of his career in Montreal in his debut 2007 season with McLaren and has won at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve three times in total.', u"A firm favourite for Sunday's race, he arrived here all the more determined after the blow of losing to Rosberg two weeks ago in Monaco thanks to a needless pitstop when he was leading comfortably.", u'Rosberg was on pole in Canada last season but could not find the speed when he needed it.', u'"What a rubbish end to qualifying," the German exclaimed as the chequered flag came down. "But here it\'s possible to overtake so it\'s not all over yet."', u'Hamilton, chasing his fourth win this season, leads Rosberg by 10 points after six races.', u"Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen qualified third with fellow Finn Valtteri Bottas fourth for Mercedes-powered Williams.", u"Lotus pair Romain Grosjean and Pastor Maldonado filled the third row with Force India's Nico Hulkenberg in seventh.", u"Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat and Australian Daniel Ricciardo, last year's winner, were eighth and ninth respectively and Force India's Sergio Perez 10th.", u"Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel suffered power unit problems and failed to progress beyond the first session, qualifying 16th, while Felipe Massa lines up a place behind the German.", u'Max Verstappen will slip from 12th, however, due to a 15-place grid drop for two penalties, one for causing a crash in Monaco, the other for an unscheduled gearbox change.', u"The 17-year-old Dutchman will not be last though, with Britain's Jenson Button set to start from the pit lane after sitting out qualifying while McLaren worked on the Honda power unit.", u'Spanish team mate Fernando Alonso, yet to score this season, qualified 14th and moves up to 13th.', u'(Editing by Tony Jimenez)']), ([u"Dettori Savours 'Golden' Moment After Derby Glory"], [u"(Reuters) - Frankie Dettori's journey back to the pinnacle of flat racing after a drugs ban and split from Godolphin was completed on Saturday when he rode his second English Derby winner as Golden Horn powered to victory at Epsom.", u'The exuberant Italian steered unbeaten favourite Golden Horn (13-8) to a 3-1/2 lengths success for trainer and old boss John Gosden, who Dettori credited with helping to resurrect his tainted career.', u'Dettori, 44, served a six-month doping ban which ended in 2013 after testing positive while riding in Paris.', u"He also split from Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin racing empire to go freelance after 18 years as retained jockey for the Dubai ruler.", u'Eight years after his first, and long-awaited, Derby win on Authorized in 2007, a beaming Dettori savoured every moment of his triumph on a horse whose owners stumped up a 75,000 pounds  ($114,525.00) late entry fee to enter the race.', u"He completed his trademark flying dismount from the saddle before enthusiastically embracing Gosden, also celebrating his second Derby triumph following Benny The Dip's win in 1997.", u'"He\'s an unbeaten horse who won the Derby. What can you say? It doesn\'t get much better than this. What a thrill...," he told Channel 4 television."', u'Golden Horn dispelled all stamina doubts in his pedigree when he powered down the centre of the track to pass stable mate Jack Hobbs (4-1), who took second for a 1-2 finish for Gosden.', u'"I had three days of worrying but I was fine this morning," Dettori said.', u'"I knew they were going to go fast. I just wanted to get on the wheel of Jack Hobbs. That\'s what happened."', u'Dettori paid tribute to Gosden with whom he has renewed links this season.', u'"If it wasn\'t for John I wouldn\'t have had this second chance. I worked for him 20 years ago. He won the Derby without me, I won it without him and 20 years later here we are together. It\'s a great moment."', u'"He\'s one of the old time gentlemen. He\'s got a heart of gold, very straight. He\'s a wonderful man. Used to be a bit of a father figure, now he\'s a good friend. I love him dearly and what a great trainer as well."', u'(Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Force India to Have Revised Car for Silverstone'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Force India will test their heavily revised Formula One car in Austria this month with a race debut scheduled for Silverstone in July, deputy team principal Bob Fernley said on Saturday.', u'"We passed all the crash test requirements this week," he told Reuters at the Canadian Grand Prix. "We failed the first one, got through the second one and we\'re on target to try it out at the test.', u'"It\'s first race program will be Silverstone."', u'Fernley had said last month that there was a chance of getting one car ready to race at Spielberg on June 21, with a flip of the coin to determine whether Mexican Sergio Perez or German Nico Hulkenberg drove it.', u'The coin will no longer be needed.', u'"The most important thing for us is to have two cars at Silverstone so both drivers have the same opportunity," said Fernley, who added that both would drive it at the test in Austria that follows the grand prix.', u'"It\'s a very significant departure (from the previous car)," he continued. "It\'s the culmination of a massive program that Force India has undertaken over the winter.', u'"We really haven\'t been able to bring any key track improvement since probably Russia last year while we\'ve been going through this whole process where we\'ve changed the philosophy of how we actually operate our aero department."', u"Fernley said the numbers for the 'B specification' car at Silverstone looked promising.", u'"I\'m very encouraged and I think the team have done a remarkable job," he said. "More importantly, we\'ve been able to stay in touch with our competitors throughout the period where we\'ve been operating a slightly under-performing car."', u'Mercedes-powered Force India suffered cash-flow problems before the start of the season that delayed the car build and restricted parts from suppliers.', u'Their current car did not make its track debut until the third and final pre-season test, two weeks before the start of the season.', u"However they are sixth in the constructors' championship after six of 19 races, a point ahead of Lotus and two clear of Toro Rosso.", u'(Reporting by Alan Baldwin, editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Paul Wins All-American Junior Final in Paris'], [u"PARIS \u2014  Who said Americans can't play on clay? Not Tommy Paul, for sure.", u"The 18-year-old Paul won the first all-American boys' final at the ", u' with a 7-6 (4), 2-6, 6-2 defeat of second-seeded Taylor Fritz on Saturday.', u'Paul, who learned his trade on the slow surface, became the sixth American boy to win the junior title in Paris. Among them was John McEnroe in 1977.', u'"Everyone says that U.S. tennis is bad on clay," said Paul, who was playing his first junior tournament of the year at Roland Garros. "I would have to disagree."', u"There was a third American player in the semifinals of the boys' tournament this year, Michael Mmoh, who lost in straight sets to Paul.", u'"Right now I think that obviously we\'re doing pretty well on the clay," Paul said.  "We are only getting better, I think."', u'Paul, who trains in Boca Raton, Florida, has been spending most of the year on the pro circuit, winning two minor tournaments on clay in Spain and Italy in the buildup to Roland Garros. He lists clay as his favorite surface.', u'"When I first started playing tennis, I grew up just playing on clay," he said. "The place I trained at only had clay courts, so I only practiced on clay. I got used to it fast. I have always liked clay my whole life, so coming out here on the red clay, it\'s great. I like it a lot for my game."', u'After winning the juniors title in Roland Garros, McEnroe never went on to lift the Coupe des Mousquetaires \u2014 losing in the French Open final to Ivan Lendl in 1984. The last American man to triumph in Paris was Andre Agassi, 16 years ago.', u"In the girls' tournament, Spaniard Paula Badosa Gibert clinched the title with a 6-3, 6-3 win over Anna Kalinskaya of Russia."]), ([u"Djokovic's Armor Pierced After Bruising Battle With Murray"], [u"PARIS \u2014  Having needed two days and treatment on his leg to beat an unrelenting Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic will start Sunday's ", u' final as the hot favorite, but with his armor pierced.', u'The world number one, who ended the reign of nine-times champion Rafa Nadal in the quarter-finals, will take on Swiss Stan Wawrinka, as he looks to complete his grand slam collection without a rest day between his semi-final thriller and the decisive showdown.', u"He remains odds-on to beat the 2014 Australian Open champion Wawrinka, but the sense of inevitability is not as acute as when Nadal ruled over the Parisian outpost of Porte d'Auteuil.", u"Djokovic was heading for a seemingly easy win against Murray on Friday when the Briton rebelled, stretching the contest until organizers had to call a halt to the evening's proceedings because of rain and bad light.", u'The players returned to court on Saturday and Djokovic ensured there was a fairly swift finish despite being taken to a fifth set.', u'He would, however, have welcomed a rest day, especially since he needed medical treatment on his leg after the third set on Friday.', u'"It wasn\'t a physically easy match, that\'s for sure, but I think I will be fine for the finals," Djokovic told a news conference after beating Murray 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1.', u'"Whatever rest I have in me --\xa0whatever I have left in me I will put out on the court tomorrow, and hopefully it can be enough.', u'"We tend to run each other around and play a cat and mouse game, and it\'s tiring. It\'s exhausting to play him."', u'Wawrinka only had a practice session to deal with on Saturday -- not the kind of exercise that pushes your mind and body to the limit.', u"The eighth seed looked to be at his very best against France's Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday, prevailing in four sets, with his flashing backhand doing a lot of the damage.", u'Djokovic might have to do a lot of scurrying for the ball against Wawrinka, which could cause him trouble after the Serb said he received "treatment on one leg" on Friday.', u'"I went out from the court instantly as soon as I lost the third set," he explained.', u'"I took my bag and asked for medical, and after that I was examined.  It took some time to get to the locker room to get on the table and do the treatment."', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot; Editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u"Man Who Led IOC Scandal Probe: 'It May Be Too Late for FIFA'"], [u'LONDON \u2014  A global sports organization pummeled by a corruption scandal. The president under pressure to resign. The U.S. Justice Department and FBI leading the investigation. Sponsors clamoring for reform.', u'FIFA in 2015?', u'This was the crisis facing the International Olympic Committee in the late 1990s. The IOC, however, managed to move quickly to clean itself up and enact reforms that helped restore credibility and confidence in the Olympic body.', u"Now, the IOC is being held as a model for FIFA to follow as its tries to dig itself out of the biggest bribery scandal in its 111-year history. According to the man who helped lead the IOC cleanup, it will be a much more difficult challenge for soccer's governing body.", u'"It\'s a complete and utter mess," senior IOC member Dick Pound told The Associated Press. "It may be too late."', u"Pound, a Canadian lawyer, headed the internal investigation into the bribery allegations that rocked the IOC to its foundations. The case, which broke in December 1998, centered on the cash, scholarships, medical care, lavish gifts and other favors linked to Salt Lake City's winning bid for the 2002 Winter Olympics.", u'The inducements totaled about $1 million \u2014 mere peanuts compared to the more than $150 million cited by the Justice Department in its probe of bribery, racketeering, money-laundering and wire fraud at FIFA over more than two decades.', u'While the scale of the Salt Lake City allegations was much smaller, the crisis was arguably more severe for the IOC. The organization was held to a higher standard because of the ethical values and ideals associated with the Olympics.', u'"It was a lot more critical for us," Pound said by telephone from Montreal. "Our basic existence was hanging in the balance. In the sense of football, so many people know it\'s crooked. It doesn\'t have the same ethical platform that we did."', u"Pound's investigation led to the expulsion of six IOC members, the resignation of four members and severe warnings for several others. Unlike in the FIFA case, no members faced criminal charges.", u'Under embattled President Juan Antonio Samaranch, the IOC brought in outside experts to help reshape the organization. Within about a year, the IOC approved a 50-point reform package that included a ban on member visits to bid cities, creation of an independent ethics committee and term limits.', u'"We took it seriously and did what we had to do," Pound said. "I don\'t know whether FIFA is willing or even able to do the same sort of thing."', u'While no one considers the IOC perfect or beyond reproach, Pound said the organization is now viewed in a very different light.', u'"Everybody accepts that the old days are way behind us and that we operate on the basis of best practice," he said. "In that respect, we\'re kind of a poster child for a lot of the other organizations that really need this."', u'Does FIFA have the chance to carry out a similar turnaround?', u'"The problem with FIFA is that this has been dragging out there for a few years," former IOC marketing director Michael Payne told the AP. "It\'s like a death by a thousand cuts, which undermines confidence."', u'U.S. prosecutors brought criminal charges against Salt Lake bid leaders Tom Welch and Dave Johnson, but both men were acquitted by a judge halfway through a federal trial.', u'In the FIFA case, the Justice Department has indicted 14 people, including seven soccer officials who were arrested in a dawn police raid on a Zurich hotel last week. U.S. authorities are also looking specifically at Blatter, but he has not been formally charged.', u'Blatter announced his resignation Tuesday, four days after winning re-election to a fifth term. He said he would stay as president until a new election can be held and would work to reform FIFA until then.', u'As the IOC scandal unfolded, Samaranch also faced calls to resign, but he hung on and the members rallied behind him as the man to drive through the reform process.', u'"Our conclusion was that you\'ve got a better chance with him there of getting this done than if you chucked him out and got somebody else," Pound said.', u'While Russian President Vladimir Putin and some other politicians have criticized American authorities for leading the investigation into FIFA, Pound said there should be no escape from the "long arm of the U.S."', u'"Sometimes you get a little annoyed about the U.S. flexing its muscles," he said, "but if you didn\'t have something like that, it would go on and on and on. It\'s one of these things, if it\'s wrong, it\'s wrong"', u'___']), ([u"Murray's Honeymoon on Clay Ended by Djokovic"], [u'PARIS \u2014  With his glinting gold wedding band looped around the black laces of his left shoe, Andy Murray had been an unstoppable force on clay this season.', u'So unstoppable that players of the calibre of nine-times ', u" champion Rafa Nadal or seasoned campaigner David Ferrer tried and failed to ruin the newlywed's honeymoon period on clay.", u"Novak Djokovic, however, was not as charitable in the French Open semi-final on Saturday and handed Murray his first defeat since his April 11 marriage to Kim Sears, thus ending the Scot's 15-match winning streak on the red dust.", u"Murray's hopes of ending Britain's 80-year wait for men's Roland Garros champion disappeared with a 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 defeat to Djokovic -- but it was not before he gave the world number one a mighty scare.", u"With the match suspended on Friday with the duo locked at 3-3 in fourth set, Murray's roar echoed around Philippe Chatrier arena within minutes of Saturday's resumption.", u'A Djokovic forehand error handed Murray the break in the 11th game and he brought his coach Amelie Mauresmo to her feet when he levelled at two sets all.', u"Hopes that the fifth set would turn out to be an epic battle of wills failed to materialise, however, as three scrappy unforced errors gifted Djokovic a 2-0 lead and from then on there looked to be only one winner -- the Serb ending Murray's misery with his eighth ace.", u'"Obviously right now I\'m upset but I would say I probably played the best tennis in the major events, in the slams," the 2013 Wimbledon champion said after being on the receiving end of an eighth successive defeat by Djokovic.', u'After struggling through 2014 having undergone back surgery the previous year, Murray was boosted by his recent run, which included winning back-to-back claycourt titles in Munich and Madrid.', u'"My game is back close to where it needs to be to winning slams," added the third seed.', u'"Physically I\'m back there again, and obviously now with the grass court season coming up, hopefully I can get myself an opportunity there and play much better going into the grass this year than I was last year."', u'(Reporting by Pritha Sarkar, editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final'], [u'PARIS \u2014  World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the ', u' final on Saturday.', u'The Serb, looking to win the only major missing from his collection, was leading 6-3 6-3 5-7 3-3 when play was interrupted by rain and dusk after the British third seed had clawed his way back into contention on Friday.', u'Murray returned to court and carried on where he left off, breaking in the 11th game of the fourth set to send the contest into a decider.', u'Djokovic, however, was up to the task and broke twice to secure a place in the final with an ace.', u'Djokovic, who has a 16-0 record on clay this season, will play Swiss Stan Wawrinka on Sunday in his third Roland Garros final in four years.', u'"It was a very difficult match, I started very well with the right intensity, I was solid and aggressive but then Andy found his confidence back," Djokovic, hoping to become the eighth man to gain all four grand slams, said on a sun-kissed court Philippe Chatrier.', u'"Today the first game of the fifth set was very important. Then I broke and I started playing better."', u'The match featured the two players still unbeaten on clay this season.', u"Djokovic, the man who ended nine-times champion Rafa Nadal's reign in the quarter-finals, was never in trouble in the first two sets and did not concede a single break point against a frustrated Murray.", u"But the Scot, who has now lost his last eight matches against Djokovic, had studied his opponent's tactics.", u'In the 11th game of the third set, on his first break chance, he perfectly anticipated yet another Djokovic drop shot and slapped away a forehand.', u'He then held to love to clinch the third set and shake the confidence of Djokovic, who had not conceded a set in the tournament.', u'The Serb then took a lengthy timeout off court and was booed by the crowd when he returned.', u'Murray won nine points in a row to move 2-1 ahead having broken Djokovic, but the world number one broke back and it then went with serve until the interruption.', u'Murray grabbed his chance when it resumed, breaking for 6-5 and the Serb hit a forehand long on set point.', u'But Djokovic regained his composure to take a 3-0 lead in the decider, which proved a step too far for Murray, who was hoping to become the first British man to reach the French Open final since Bunny Austin in 1937.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Toby Davis)']), ([u'Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final'], [u'PARIS \u2014  World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the ', u' final on Saturday.', u'The Serb, looking to win the only major missing from his collection, was leading 6-3 6-3 5-7 3-3 when play was interrupted by rain and dusk after the British third seed had clawed his way back into contention on Friday.', u'Murray returned to court and carried on where he left off, breaking in the 11th game of the fourth set to send the contest into a decider.', u'Djokovic, however, was up to the task and broke twice to secure a place in the final with an ace.', u'Djokovic, who has a 16-0 record on clay this season, will play Swiss Stan Wawrinka on Sunday in his third Roland Garros final in four years.', u'"It was a very difficult match, I started very well with the right intensity, I was solid and aggressive but then Andy found his confidence back," Djokovic, hoping to become the eighth man to gain all four grand slams, said on a sun-kissed court Philippe Chatrier.', u'"Today the first game of the fifth set was very important. Then I broke and I started playing better."', u'The match featured the two players still unbeaten on clay this season.', u"Djokovic, the man who ended nine-times champion Rafa Nadal's reign in the quarter-finals, was never in trouble in the first two sets and did not concede a single break point against a frustrated Murray.", u"But the Scot, who has now lost his last eight matches against Djokovic, had studied his opponent's tactics.", u'In the 11th game of the third set, on his first break chance, he perfectly anticipated yet another Djokovic drop shot and slapped away a forehand.', u'He then held to love to clinch the third set and shake the confidence of Djokovic, who had not conceded a set in the tournament.', u'The Serb then took a lengthy timeout off court and was booed by the crowd when he returned.', u'Murray won nine points in a row to move 2-1 ahead having broken Djokovic, but the world number one broke back and it then went with serve until the interruption.', u'Murray grabbed his chance when it resumed, breaking for 6-5 and the Serb hit a forehand long on set point.', u'But Djokovic regained his composure to take a 3-0 lead in the decider, which proved a step too far for Murray, who was hoping to become the first British man to reach the French Open final since Bunny Austin in 1937.', u'(Reporting by Julien Pretot, editing by Pritha Sarkar and Toby Davis)']), ([u'UK Athletics Unconcerned by Salazar Doping Allegations'], [u"LONDON \u2014  UK Athletics said on Saturday they have no concerns over the conduct or training methods of Alberto Salazar, the coach of Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah.", u'Prominent athletics coach Salazar and U.S. Olympic silver medalist Galen Rupp were accused of having violated anti-doping rules by a BBC documentary which aired this week.', u'Salazar said on Wednesday that the BBC and U.S. website ProPublica had engaged in "inaccurate and unfounded journalism".', u"UK Athletics said anti-doping authorities should investigate the allegations but they are currently unconcerned by Salazar's role in coaching Farah.", u'"Whilst acknowledging the gravity of the allegations, UK Athletics can confirm it has had absolutely no concerns over the conduct and coaching methods of Alberto Salazar in relation to Mo Farah or in his role as an endurance consultant," the governing body said in a statement.', u'"As an organization with a proven anti-doping commitment, we view the allegations made in regard of non-British athletes who have been coached by Alberto Salazar with utmost seriousness.', u'"It is the role of the appropriate independent anti-doping agencies to investigate these further.', u'"We repeat our call for them to do so at the earliest opportunity, and to share those findings so that we can take any appropriate actions."', u'Farah -- who won the 5,000 and 10,000 meters at London 2012 -- was not accused of any wrongdoing but the governing body said they will conduct a review into the management system surrounding the 32-year-old.', u'"Following the Panorama program the board of UK Athletics has met and tasked this group with undertaking a focused review of the performance management system surrounding Mo Farah and the Endurance program, engaging relevant independent experts where required," the statement added.', u'"This review will begin immediately.', u'"The board has also spoken to Neil Black and Mo Farah and informed them of this course of action, which both have welcomed and supported."', u'(Reporting By Tom Hayward; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'U.S. Judge for FIFA Trials Is Familiar With Organized Crime Cases'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  The U.S. judge presiding over the corruption cases of indicted soccer officials may not have been able to pronounce the name of soccer's world governing body, FIFA, during a secret hearing in 2013, but he does know how to oversee a proceeding that involves organized crime.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 U.S. District Judge Raymond Dearie in Brooklyn, New York, has spent some of his nearly three decades on the bench handling mobster trials. A defendant was found murdered in one of the cases, and in another the head of a crime family walked the streets in a bathrobe as he faked a mental illness to try to avoid standing trial.\xa0', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Now, Dearie, who turned 71 on Thursday, is responsible for presiding over the cases of nine current and former FIFA officials and five corporate sports executives who are accused of participating in a decades-long criminal enterprise that involved more than $150 million in bribes. With U.S. prosecutors' investigation far from over the number of defendants could increase.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The start of any trials may be far off, because only one of the 14 defendants is known to be in the United States. The rest are either missing or awaiting possible extradition proceedings.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 But if the defendants do end up in Dearie's court, he will set the pace of the case and likely be asked to rule on key points such as the admissibility of evidence.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Like many Americans, Dearie was, at least up until about 18 months ago, not familiar with all the intricacies of world soccer. In November 2013, when Chuck Blazer, who had been a top U.S. soccer official for many years, appeared before Dearie to plead guilty in a secret agreement with prosecutors, the judge struggled with the pronunciation of soccer's world governing body.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "I don\'t know how you pronounce it, FIFA," Dearie acknowledged, according to a transcript unsealed this week. \xa0(It is pronounced fee-fa)', u'He is, though, expected to easily overcome any such lack of familiarity.', u'"Nothing about the FIFA case is likely to daunt him, given some of the cases he\u2019s already dealt with," said Steve Gold, a former clerk to Dearie and now a Rutgers University law professor.', u'Dearie also displayed a dry wit in the Blazer hearing. He quizzed Blazer on the legal definition of conspiracy and gave him only a "B-Plus" grade.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The judge then explained that a conspiracy is an agreement to do something the law forbids. He gave an example: "You and I were buddies on the street and we agreed to sell marijuana and we meant it. We were going to go into the marijuana business. We committed the crime of conspiracy."', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 In interviews with Reuters, lawyers who have appeared in Dearie\'s courtroom described him as widely respected, fair and calm. "He rarely loses his temper," said New York defense lawyer William Stampur, who has had several cases before Dearie.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Dearie, through a member of his staff, declined an interview request on Friday.', u'WIGS AND MAKEUP', u'He is one of 11 judges who also serve on the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court, a secret tribunal in Washington that rules on certain spying matters, and he has shown in court that he is willing to protect government secrets.', u'In a trial this year of an al Qaeda suspect, British MI5 officers who were to be prosecution witnesses wanted to maintain their cover, so Dearie allowed them to testify wearing wigs and makeup and ordered media courtroom artists to draw them with only "blank faces" and "generic hair."', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 \xa0\xa0Like many judges in the United States, Dearie was a prosecutor first. As the U.S. attorney, or chief federal prosecutor, in Brooklyn from 1982 to 1986, he targeted local political corruption.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 In 1982, Dearie recommended that Charles Schumer, then a young Congressman, be indicted for allegedly using state government staff to work on a political campaign, according to a 1983 story in the Washington Post. The Justice Department declined to prosecute and Senator Schumer is now one of the most powerful Democrats on Capitol Hill.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Schumer's office did not respond to a request for comment about Dearie on Friday.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Dearie's past as a prosecutor does not detract from his ability to be fair, said Richard Levitt, who has represented criminal defendants in Dearie's courtroom.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Dearie in 2009 sentenced a Liberian woman to probation after she pleaded guilty to smuggling baboon, green monkey and warthog meat into the United States. Prosecutors and primate scholar Jane Goodall had urged a tough sentence, but the judge cited the woman's mental illness in declining to send her to prison.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 During the hearing with the wheelchair-bound Blazer, Dearie showed some sympathy for a man who was not only front and center of a global corruption scandal but also had severe health problems, wishing him "good luck" with various illnesses, including rectal cancer, type 2 diabetes and coronary artery disease.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Gold recalled how the judge treated a crowd of migrant farm workers who came by bus to Brooklyn for a court hearing. Rather than listen only to the lawyers in the lawsuit, Dearie allowed the workers to speak in court if they wished.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "He is extremely sensitive to the real lives that are at stake," Gold said.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'(Reporting by David Ingram and; Additional reporting by Joseph Ax; Editing by Noeleen Walder and Martin Howell)']), ([u"Chiefs Book Playoffs Place, Spoil Genia's Home Farewell"], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  The Waikato Chiefs sealed their place in the Super Rugby playoffs with a 24-3 demolition of the Queensland Reds in Brisbane on Saturday.', u"The Chiefs put in a brilliant defensive effort to keep the Reds try-less at Lang Park and spoil departing scrumhalf Will Genia and former skipper James Horwill's final game in front of home fans.", u'Bryce Heem and captain Liam Messam touched down early to give the Chiefs a 14-3 lead at halftime and centre Charlie Ngatai scored a third after the break.', u'The game kicked off on a sombre note with a moment of silence for former All Black Jerry Collins, who died with his wife in a car crash in France on Friday.', u'Messam said his side had tried to honour the memory of the hard-hitting flanker with their relentless defence.', u'"We talked a lot about Jerry Collins as an All Black ... We just tried to honour him with how we tackled tonight," he said.', u"The Reds' loss, laden with handling errors and defensive howlers, was a record sixth at home this season and will heap additional pressure on embattled coach Richard Graham.", u'(Reporting by Ian Ransom; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Djokovic Tops Murray in 5 Sets to Reach French Open Final'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Novak Djokovic squeezed his eyes shut and raised both arms, a rather reserved celebration at the conclusion of his up-and-down, two-day, five-set ', u' semifinal victory over Andy Murray.', u"There's one more match for Djokovic to win if he's going to collect his first championship at Roland Garros and complete a long-sought career Grand Slam, and conserving energy was key.", u'The No. 1-seeded Djokovic reached his third French Open final the hard way, getting past No. 3 Murray 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 5-7, 6-1 on Saturday in the resumption of a suspended match to stretch his winning streak to 28.', u"The semifinal was halted at 3-all in the fourth set Friday night because of an incoming storm. Murray took that set when they returned, but Djokovic was superb in the fifth, and Saturday's play took 61 minutes, bringing the total count to 4 hours, 9 minutes.", u'"No different from any other match that we played against each other. It\'s always a thriller, always a marathon," Djokovic said. "Wasn\'t a physically easy match, that\'s for sure, but I think I will be fine for the finals. Whatever I have left in me I will put out on the court tomorrow, and hopefully it can be enough."', u"He already owns eight major titles, but none from Roland Garros, where he lost the 2012 and 2014 finals to Rafael Nadal, the nine-time champion he eliminated in this year's quarterfinals.", u"On Sunday, less than 25 hours after finishing off Murray, Djokovic will face No. 8 Stan Wawrinka with a chance to become only the eighth man in tennis history to own at least one trophy from each of the sport's four most prestigious tournaments. He already owns five from the Australian Open, two from Wimbledon and one from the ", u'.', u'Beat Wawrinka for the 18th time in 21 meetings, and Djokovic also would be the first man since Jim Courier in 1992 to win the Australian Open and French Open consecutively, putting him halfway to the first calendar-year Grand Slam in 46 years.', u'Wawrinka won his semifinal against Jo-Wilfried Tsonga on Friday, as scheduled, so he enjoyed a less-stressful Saturday than Djokovic. In 2014, Wawrinka won his first major title at the Australian Open, then showed up in Paris and promptly lost in the first round.', u"Now he'll make his French Open final debut against Djokovic, who has so much to play for.", u'"For sure, we\'re both going to be nervous," Wawrinka said. "That\'s a fact."', u'Djokovic and Murray \u2014 a two-time major champion who had won 15 consecutive matches, all on clay \u2014 stepped out on Court Philippe Chatrier at 1 p.m., a little more than 16 hours after departing under a threatening sky that was shortly followed by a brief rainstorm.', u'On Saturday, the sky was a crystal blue, uninterrupted by a trace of cloud, the temperature around a perfect-for-tennis 70 degrees (20 Celsius).', u'After 10 minutes, and a trio of love holds, it was 5-4 for Djokovic, putting him a game away. Sounds like a little. Turned out he would need to wait.', u"Murray suddenly broke for a 6-5 lead. One point contained 33 strokes, most magnificent, none more so than Murray's drop shot that won it when Djokovic's hustling reply landed in the net. Murray added a running cross-court backhand passing shot, and when Djokovic contributed a couple of flubbed forehands, the set was over.", u'So dominant all season and all tournament, Djokovic found himself on the brink against a fist-shaking Murray.', u"There was no wilt from Djokovic, though. He'd come so far, thought about this title so much, that if he could possibly handle Murray's indefatigable defense, he would.", u'And Djokovic did. He cleaned up his game, while Murray blinked a bit, committing a series of errors to allow Djokovic to break for a 2-0 lead in the fifth set.', u'"A loose game" is the way Murray described it.', u'"Novak relaxed a little bit after that," he said.', u'One of Djokovic\'s two coaches, Marian Vajda, described his man as "reborn" in the fifth set.', u'"He regroups well during matches," Murray said. "He didn\'t at the beginning of his career, and now it\'s something that he does extremely well, physically and mentally."', u'The 2015 edition of Djokovic is close to unbeaten \u2014 and unbeatable.', u'The 28-year-old Serb, who got married and had a child last year, has spoken about being content off the court and supremely confident on it. Who would argue? He is 41-2 this season with five titles.', u'"He is a machine," Wawrinka said.', u'___']), ([u"American Pharoah's Date With Destiny Arrives"], [u'ELMONT, New York \u2014  American Pharoah seeks to become the first winner of the U.S. ', u' in nearly four decades when he takes on seven rivals in the $1.5 million ', u' later on Saturday.', u'The last horse to sweep the ', u', ', u' and Belmont Stakes was Affirmed in 1978 and American Pharoah owner Ahmed Zayat thinks his colt could end the long drought.', u'"Look at him," he told reporters. "This will be his fourth race in eight weeks. That usually takes a toll on a horse but he\'s coming in to the race the best he can be.', u'"We\'re coming in feeling that he has a real shot to win the Triple Crown."', u'American Pharoah is the only Belmont Stakes horse that raced in the Kentucky Derby and the Preakness, meaning the 2014 2-year-old champion will be facing some fresh challengers.', u"Throw in American Pharoah's earlier victories in the Rebel Stakes and Arkansas Derby and you might have a horse ill-prepared for the grueling mile-and-a-half Belmont.", u"But the colt's trainer, Bob Baffert, seeking to saddle his first Triple Crown winner after having been denied three previous times in the Belmont Stakes, said this is the best horse he's ever had in his barn.", u'"He was the champion last year and this year he has gone on and shown himself to be a superior horse," said Baffert, a Hall of Famer. "He has performed brilliantly."', u'On paper, no horse has the credentials of American Pharoah but the Belmont Stakes, dubbed "The Test of Champions" because of its demanding distance, has a way of showcasing emerging stars.', u'Last year, Tonalist, a colt that skipped both the Derby and the Preakness, was a surprise champion at Belmont Park and helped deny California Chrome a Triple Crown.', u"Potential spoilers to American Pharoah's party could be Florida Derby champion Materiality, who had a rough ride in the Kentucky Derby before finishing sixth, or perhaps Wood Memorial winner Frosted, who had a poor start at Churchill Downs but closed with a flurry to finish fourth.", u"There was rain in New York early Saturday and a wet surface is often a great equalizer. But American Pharoah's victory in the Rebel Stakes was on a sloppy track as was his seven-length triumph in the Preakness.", u'"I hope it\'ll be a dry track, because it is ridiculous the way he runs on an off track," said trainer Nick Zito, who will saddle Frammento. "It\'s a little scary."', u'(Reporting by Steve Ginsburg; editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u"The Latest: Dodig, Melo Win French Open Men's Doubles Title"], [u'PARIS \u2014  8:25 p.m.', u'Third-seeded Ivan Dodig of Croatia and Marcelo Melo of Brazil won the ', u" men's doubles final after beating top-seeded Americans Bob and Mike Bryan 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 7-5.", u'After hitting the winner with a cross-court volley at the net, Melo sank to his knees and put his hands on his face in apparent disbelief.', u'In the stands on center court, three-time French Open champion Gustavo Kuerten of Brazil took photos of Melo and Dodig as they celebrated.', u'The Bryan twins were looking to win the French Open for the third time and to extend their Grand Slam record to 17 titles.', u'___', u'7:45 p.m.', u'Serena Williams generates great power hitting the ball right-handed.', u'However, when she needs to, the top-ranked American is not afraid to improvise and use her left hand.', u'During her French Open final win against Lucie Safarova, Williams was off balance and scrambling near the baseline. Switching hands, she managed to swipe the ball back.', u'Williams won the match 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2 to seal her 20th Grand Slam title and third at the French Open.', u'___', u'5:50 p.m.', u'Lucie Safarova was jeered by some of the fans on Court Chatrier during her runner-up speech after losing the French Open final to Serena Williams.', u'Why?', u'After thanking a list of people - her coach, people in her box, the staff from the WTA tour - she added the name of the tournament sponsor, which is a bank.', u'This did not please some people, and the Czech was greeted by a brief, but loud, chorus of whistles.', u'___', u'5:38 p.m.', u'Serena Williams received a kiss from 18-time Grand Slam champion Martina Navratilova as she collected the French Open trophy, raising it triumphantly over her head as she milked the applause from Court Chatrier crowd.', u'Williams, speaking in French, paid tribute to beaten finalist Lucie Safarova:', u'"Lucie played very well, she was a magnificent opponent," Williams said. "It was a dream for me to win."', u'Safarova returned the compliment \u2014 in English:', u'"Serena, you were amazing today, you a great fighter. Congratulations," the 13th-seeded Czech said.', u'___', u'5:25 p.m.', u"Serena Williams has Steffi Graf's 22 majors in her sights this year after winning her 20th Grand Slam title.", u'The top-ranked American beat Lucie Safarova 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2 Saturday to clinch her third French Open title.', u"The 33-year-old Williams, the Australian Open champion, will move level with Graf's tally if she wins Wimbledon and the ", u' for a calendar-year Grand Slam.', u'Margaret Smith Court holds the record with 24 majors.', u'___', u'5:15 p.m.', u'Serena Williams has won the French Open title for the third time after beating Lucie Safarova 6-3, 6-7 (2), 6-2.', u'The top-ranked American has now won 20 Grand Slam titles.', u'Safarova led 2-0 in the final set.', u'Williams led 4-1 in the second set but then her serve fell apart as the 13th-seeded Czech player rallied to force a decider.', u'___', u'5:03 p.m.', u'Serena Williams has received an obscenity warning from the chair umpire after holding serve for a 3-2 lead in the third set of the French Open final.', u'After sealing the game with an ace, Williams yelled on center court and received the warning moments later.', u'Safarova fought back from 4-1 down to win the second set.', u'___', u'4:43 p.m.', u'Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic has fought back from 4-1 down to win the second set 7-6 (2) against Serena Williams in the French Open final.', u'Williams double-faulted at the end of the sixth and eighth games of the second set to give Safarova hope.', u'With the score 5-5, Williams broke Safarova and served for the match.', u'But the 13th-seeded Czech player broke straight back to force a tiebreaker, which Safarova dominated with powerful groundstrokes.', u'___', u'3:45 p.m.', u'Serena Williams is a step closer to winning her 20th Grand Slam title \u2014 and her third at the French Open \u2014 after clinching the first set 6-3 against Lucie Safarova.', u'The top-ranked American appears to be showing no signs of the illness that forced her to skip practice Friday and which affected her during her semifinal the day before.', u'Williams, who has 66 career titles, broke Safarova in the fourth game to lead 3-1.', u'Then, after Safarova saved one set point on serve in the eighth game with a powerful forehand winner, William served out the set in the next game.', u'___', u'3:14 p.m.', u"The women's French Open final between top-ranked Serena Williams and 13th-seeded Lucie Safarova is under way.", u'Williams is looking to win her 20th Grand Slam title and third at Roland Garros.', u'After feeling ill in her semifinal on Thursday, she skipped practice and media duties on Friday.', u'Safarova, a Wimbledon semifinalist last year, is playing in the final of a major for the first time.', u"The Czech player is also through to the women's doubles final as she looks to become the first woman to win the French Open double since Mary Pierce in 2000.", u'___', u'2:50 p.m.', u'Andy Murray leaves the French Open in optimistic mood \u2014 and with the firm belief that a third Grand Slam title is not too far away.', u'The third-seeded Briton pushed top-ranked Novak Djokovic to a fifth set in their French Open semifinal, before Djokovic stepped up a gear to take the decider 6-1.', u'Speaking after the match, Murray said his game is "close back to where it needs to be in terms of winning Slams."', u'Looking ahead to Wimbledon, which starts later this month, Murray said "hopefully I can give myself a good opportunity there."', u'Murray won the U.S. Open in 2012 and Wimbledon in 2013.', u'___', u'2:35 p.m.', u'After waiting overnight to complete his French Open semifinal triumph against Andy Murray, top-ranked Novak Djokovic was in a hurry to complete his media duties.', u'Just moments after completing a 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 5-7, 6-1 win, Djokovic raced to attend a post-match news conference.', u"That gave him plenty of time \u2014 should he wish \u2014 to watch the women's final on center court. Top-ranked Serena Williams and Lucie Safarova, a Czech player seeded 13.", u'They are next up on center court, with their match scheduled to start at 3 p.m.', u'___', u'2:15 p.m.', u'Novak Djokovic has reached the French Open final after beating Andy Murray 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 5-7, 6-1.', u'The top-ranked Serb struggled at the end of the fourth set, making some sloppy mistakes, but broke Murray twice in the decider to take complete control before sealing victory with an ace.', u'Djokovic, who has won eight Grand Slam titles, will try to win the French Open for the first time when he plays Stanislas Wawrinka on Sunday.', u'Wawrinka has won one major, at the Australian Open last year, and is playing in his second Grand Slam final.', u'___', u'1:35 p.m.', u'Andy Murray has won the fourth set 7-5 against Novak Djokovic in their French Open semifinal.', u'Murray broke Djokovic in the 11th game and then clinched the set when Djokovic, who is making a series of unforced errors, sent a backhand long.', u'Both players are seeking to win the French Open for the first time, and the winner of this match plays Stanislas Wawrinka on Sunday.', u'Djokovic has won eight Grand Slam titles and Murray has won two.', u'___', u'1:12 p.m.', u'The French Open semifinal between top-ranked Novak Djokovic and third-seeded Andy Murray has resumed in bright sunshine with the score level at 3-3 in the fourth set and Djokovic leading 2-1 in sets.', u'The match was interrupted late on Friday evening just minutes before heavy rain started to fall in western Paris.', u'Djokovic won the first two sets 6-3 before Murray clinched the last two games of the third set.', u'Djokovic, an eight-time Grand Slam champion, has won every major except the French Open. Murray has won Wimbledon and the U.S. Open.', u'___', u'12:53 p.m.', u"Tommy Paul has won the first all-American boys' final at the French Open with a 7-6 (4), 2-6, 6-2 defeat of second-seeded Taylor Fritz.", u'The 18-year-old Paul, from Lumberton, New Jersey, is the sixth American boy to win the junior title in Paris. Among them was John McEnroe in 1977.', u'___', u'12:27 p.m.', u'Paula Badosa Gibert has clinched the first title up for grabs on a busy Saturday at the French Open.', u"The 12th-seeded Spaniard defeated No. 16 Anna Kalinskaya of Russia 6-3, 6-3 to win the girls' title.", u"The boys' final features two American players, second-seeded Taylor Fritz and No. 13 Tommy Paul, before top-ranked Serena Williams takes on Lucie Safarova in the women's championship match.", u'The fourth final of the day will then pit Bob and Mike Bryan against Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo as the twin brothers seek a third title in Paris. Also, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray are set to finish their semifinal, which was suspended by rain on Friday evening with Djokovic leading 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 3-3.', u'Busy day, indeed.']), ([u'Crusaders Slim Playoff Hopes Still Alive With Win Over Blues'], [u'AUCKLAND \u2014  All Blacks flyhalf Dan Carter was perfect with his goal kicking and set up a try with a pin-point cross kick as the Canterbury Crusaders kept alive their slim chances of making the Super Rugby playoffs with a 34-11 win over the Auckland Blues.', u'The Crusaders have 41 points and moved into seventh position, one place outside the playoffs, and still require other results to go their way.', u"Champions New South Wales Waratahs are in sixth place on 42 points, but play the 13th-placed Cheetahs later on Saturday and can end the Crusaders' hopes with a bonus-point win in Bloemfontein.", u'Carter was making just his fourth start this season in his preferred flyhalf position and has slowly come back into form in the last two weeks after a sputtering final Super Rugby campaign.', u"The Blues' season effectively ended months ago and with a host of injuries to their squad, coach John Kirwan gave several fringe players their opportunity to try and press their Super Rugby credentials ahead of next season.", u'They began promisingly enough with Ihaia West slotting two early penalties, but the Crusaders then scored 17 unanswered points in the first half with tries to Nemani Nadolo and Luke Romano while Carter converted both and added a penalty.', u"Nadolo's breathtaking try was created by Carter's vision with the flyhalf kicking across field and the Fiji international outjumped Ben Lam, grabbed the ball with one hand, lost it, then gained control again as he fell over the line to score.", u'Without injured All Blacks props Tony Woodcock and Charlie Faumuina, the Blues were overpowered at the scrum with referee Chris Pollock awarding a penalty try to the Crusaders in a scrappy second half.', u'Matt Todd scored the bonus point try after more forward dominance while Carter added another penalty and two more conversions before Lam scored a consolation try for the Blues with five minutes remaining.', u'(Reporting by Greg Stutchbury in Wellington; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Matildas Out to Make a Statement in World Cup Opener'], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  Australia coach Alen Stajcic thinks an upset victory in Monday's World Cup opener against the United States could be the first step on his team's path to becoming a superpower in women's football.", u'The Matildas, who have never made it beyond the quarter-finals in five World Cups, begin their Group D campaign in Winnipeg against the twice champion Americans, the perfect stage to make a statement of intent.', u'"I think we definitely can," Stajcic told Reuters in an interview before leaving Australia.', u'"I think there\'s so much talent and belief in this group. If we can bring our \'A\' game that day, I\'m sure we\'re going to be a big rival to the U.S. I\'m sure they\'re going to know they\'re in a game that day.', u'"Our ultimate goal is to compete for medals, so to do that you have to get into the business end of the tournament. I really believe this group can do that.', u'"We want to be a world force in the next few years and this is our first step on the road to achieving that goal."', u'Group D, which also features Sweden and Nigeria, is one of the toughest in the tournament but Stajcic said after the initial shock of the draw had worn off, it had been something of an advantage to have such a tough encounter first up.', u'"It was obviously a heart in throat moment," the 41-year-old said. "It couldn\'t get any tougher but we\'re looking forward to the challenge. It really narrows the focus when you get drawn out against America in the first game.', u'"You know you have to focus all your energies on that game and you have to hit the ground running. We\'re really focussed 100 percent on getting every detail done to make sure we\'re ready to go.', u'"It\'s a positive in many ways, it really makes sure it runs on task and everybody\'s focussed when you have to play one of the best teams in the world in game one."', u'Stajcic has overhauled the culture of the squad since taking over last year in a caretaker capacity from Hesterine de Reus after the Dutch coach was sacked in the wake of a player mutiny over her training methods.', u'"We want to be competing for medals, we want to be in the elite two or three that can win a World Cups, win Olympic Games," he said.', u'"If you want to do that, you have to have the right environment and culture off the field. The players responded tremendously."', u'"POSITIVE TEAM"', u"Despite losing to world champions Japan in the Asian Cup final to give up the title they won in 2010, Stajcic was awarded the job on a permanent basis and set about a moulding a team to play in the style he has championed throughout his career in women's soccer.", u'"We\'re going to be an Australian team who plays with all the heart and spirit that all our national teams are renowned for," he added.', u'"There\'s definitely that in our DNA. But we\'re looking to be a possession-based team and a team that really goes out to win games.', u'"That\'s at the heart of our philosophy, a positive team, a team with dynamic players and a dynamic attitude who want to take the game to the opposition and goes out to win every game."', u"Stajcic is hoping that a breakthrough World Cup in Canada might bring a greater profile for women's football in sports-mad Australia and make life a bit easier for his players.", u'"They\'re a great team with great role models who have made a massive amount of sacrifice to get where they are," he said.', u'"They do find it hard to balance school and work and football and all the other things in life.', u'"It\'s a tough road but one that they all take willingly because they love their country and they love their sport.', u'"And hopefully a little bit of success will reward them with a little more financial incentive so they can dedicate more professional time to football."', u'(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Rebels Edge Bulls in Thriller'], [u"MELBOURNE \u2014  The Melbourne Rebels ended the Bulls' playoffs hopes with a nerve-jangling 21-20 win at home on Saturday.", u'Already out of the playoffs race, the Rebels held on after lock Lopeti Timani scored their final try midway through the second half and Mike Harris converted to put their noses in front.', u'The Bulls were denied a late try to Burger Odendaal that might have won them the match though the video review appeared to show the ball was grounded.', u'The Rebels extended their season record to seven wins, with one round left in the regular season.', u'(Writing by Ian Ransom; editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Dutch Fret Over Defender Vlaar's Fitness for Key Qualifier"], [u"AMSTERDAM \u2014  Netherlands coach Guus Hiddink admitted he would be sweating through the weekend over the fitness of defender Ron Vlaar, who he hopes to have fit to play in next week's key Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia.", u'First choice central defenders Vlaar and Stefan de Vrij both sat out Friday as the Dutch let slip a 3-1 lead to go down 4-3 in a tardy defensive display at home in their friendly international against the United States in Amsterdam.', u"The home defence was easily breached by the Americans, who scored twice in the last two minutes to win the game.    Hiddink confirmed he wants to field Aston Villa's Vlaar and Lazio's De Vrij in central defence in Riga on Friday, where the Dutch need a win to keep up hopes of Euro 2016 qualification.", u'"I\'m not worried about Stefan, he just has a few aches and pains," Hiddink told Dutch television after the disappointing defeat.', u'"But Vlaar will be tested over the weekend."', u'He has recent knee problems and was given time off before joining up with the Dutch squad last Wednesday.    The pair, who were both impressive at club level in tough leagues this past season, would offer a better option, the coach added.', u'"We had too many players that had too few top matches in their legs. They perhaps lacked the intelligence to read some situations and at a top level that is harshly punished," Hiddink added.    The Dutch must beat Latvia to keep their Euro 2016 qualification chances in their own hands.', u'They are third in Group A with seven points behind leaders the Czech Republic, who have 13, and Iceland on 12. The top two qualify for the finals along with the best third-placed side.', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson, editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'Australia Turns on Football Saviour Lowy'], [u"MELBOURNE \u2014  Australia's failed bid for the 2022 World Cup bid left the country's football supremo Frank Lowy with a bitter grievance.", u"Now, corruption investigations into global football governing body FIFA threaten to end the 84-year-old billionaire's reign over Australian football on a sour note.", u'Lowy has promised to retire as Football Federation Australia (FFA) president at the end of the year, but not soon enough for local critics who have rounded on the shopping centre magnate as national police probe the 2022 bid.', u'The FFA spent some A$42.5 million (21.2 million pounds) of government money on the bid which garnered only one vote by FIFA delegates who awarded the tournament to Qatar.', u'But it is a payment of A$500,000 for a football facility in Trinidad and Tobago that has attracted the most scrutiny after the arrest of Jack Warner, a former FIFA power-broker and chief of Caribbean football.', u'Both Lowy and CONCACAF, the regional governing body for football in the Caribbean, North and Central America, said the payment was misappropriated by Trinidadian Warner.', u"Allegations of impropriety have dogged Australia's bid and well before the vote in 2010. To a large extent, critics are covering old ground.", u"FIFA's own ethics committee criticised it in a summary of their probe into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments.", u'The summary, released in November, said investigators had a "prima facie" case that two of Australia\'s highly-paid consultants violated the bidding and ethics rules.', u'They had also "indications" that attempts were made to divert funds earmarked for African development projects to countries with ties to voting members.', u'Lowy insisted Australia ran a clean, if "naive" bid in an open and frank letter to media this week, while the return of a single vote had left him with a "bitter" grievance.', u'However, the letter has done little to mollify critics who have rounded on Lowy amid the wider FIFA corruption scandal that has shaken the game to its core.', u'"For the good of the game he has done so much to develop in this country, Mr Lowy should step aside from FFA immediately until all questions can be resolved," the editorial of the Sydney Morning Herald, one of Australia\'s most prominent newspapers, demanded this week.', u"Lowy's inability to control the narrative has contrasted with his iron rule over Australian football since its resurrection after the collapse of the old National Soccer League in 2004.", u"His influence in local business and politics, charisma and boundless energy have helped make the country's A-League a viable competition in a hugely competitive sports market where indigenous football and rugby league have long ruled the roost.", u'Under Lowy, the national football team has qualified for three successive World Cups and in January won the Asian Cup.', u'Though senior executives have come and gone in the FFA, Lowy has remained a constant presence, and the local game is now arguably in its rudest health after surviving some financial wobbles in recent years.', u"Yet, Lowy's legacy now appears in danger, with former colleagues at pains to distance themselves from the World Cup bid and criticising a mooted succession plan which would see his son Steven take over the FFA presidency at the end of the year.", u'"It\'s the board of the FFA under the constitution -- the directors of the FFA -- who should appoint a chairman," former FFA board member Jack Reilly told the Australian Financial Review this week.', u'(Writing by Ian Ransom; Editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u"Blatter Should Leave Now-Germany's Football Boss"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  FIFA president Sepp Blatter should step aside quickly so that world football's governing body can move forward with urgently needed reforms, the head of Germany's football association (DFB) said on Saturday.", u'In an interview with Reuters, DFB President Wolfgang Niersbach said it was also essential for FIFA to rigorously clear up the bribery allegations and for a new FIFA leadership to implement sweeping reforms to restore lost credibility.', u'"We strongly advocate that the announced resignation be done quickly now to clear the path for a fresh start," said Niersbach, the world\'s largest FA with 6.8 million members.', u'Blatter announced on Tuesday, days after being re-elected for a fifth term, that he would step down. He is intent on staying in office until an extraordinary congress finds his successor -- between December and March.', u"That delayed departure has drawn strong criticism in Germany. German sport minister Thomas de Maiziere said Blatter's resignation will be worthless if FIFA fails to enact meaningful reforms and end cronyism tarnishing it.", u"FIFA was plunged into the worst crisis in the organisation's 111-year history on May 27 when Swiss police staged a dawn raid in Zurich and arrested several officials on corruption charges.", u'"The basis needed to win back the trust that\'s been lost is to first of all completely clear up everything," said Niersbach. "Towards that goal, a new leadership has to come up with a comprehensive reform package and rigorously implement that."', u'Niersbach, 64, said he did not know what prompted Blatter to abruptly change his mind and announce his resignation after winning re-election. Germany had opposed his re-election.', u'"That\'s a question for Sepp Blatter," he said when asked why Blatter changed his mind. "But it\'s difficult to understand why a Congress was called and then the resignation was announced four days later."', u'Niersbach, whose name has been mentioned as a candidate to succeed Blatter, said he is focused on his job in Germany. Elected to the FIFA executive committee in March, he would bring a modern reformist approach while fostering global cooperation.', u'"I\'ve always said my main focus is on soccer in Germany," he said when asked if he wanted to lead FIFA.', u"He added Germany, a four-times World Cup winner and a country with comprehensive soccer organisations at all levels, was eager to take a constructive leading role in FIFA's time of troubles.", u'"There\'s the principle of \'one country, one vote\' in FIFA," he said when asked if Germany should have more weight in FIFA.', u'"But we in the DFB are taking our responsibility seriously in these difficult times. That\'s why I agreed to the new role in the Executive Committee (of FIFA) in Zurich," he said.', u"Niersbach has been critical of both FIFA's handling of a report on corruption for the awarding of the 2018 and 2022 World Cup as well as picking Qatar for 2022.", u'(editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u'Lightning Learn From Opening Loss, Prepare for Big Game 2'], [u"TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  After surviving 21 tumultuous playoff games over the past seven weeks, the Tampa Bay Lightning weren't about to get discouraged after losing Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final.", u"That doesn't mean the Lightning haven't spent the past two days stewing about how to improve when the series continues in Game 2 on Saturday night.", u'The Chicago Blackhawks pulled out a 2-1 victory in the opener despite not scoring until the final seven minutes, extending their lengthy history of grit under pressure. Tampa Bay regretted giving that opportunity to the Hawks, who could take a 2-0 series lead back to Chicago unless the Lightning play every minute with urgency at Amalie Arena.', u'"I think we learned a lesson there," Tampa Bay captain Steven Stamkos said Friday. "We\'ve got to continue to pressure. (The way) we look at it, maybe if we were able to generate a couple more chances to get that second goal, maybe it would have been a different game."', u"The Lightning spent the past two days feeling largely good about the way they played \u2014 except in the third period. Such a tentative finish could haunt a young team with just one Stanley Cup champion on its roster, but the Lightning don't seem to be that type of team.", u'Lightning veteran Brendan Morrow puts it this way: "I can give my kid Froot Loops, and an hour later he\'ll tell me he hasn\'t had any yet, and he wants some Froot Loops. So yeah, that memory is a good thing when you can let it roll off your back, and we\'re\xa0hoping that\'s the case for us."', u'Here are some more things to watch when Tampa Bay attempts to even the series, thereby earning at least one more home game:', u'ONE IS GOOD, TWO IS BETTER: The Lightning went 1-3 in Game 1 during this postseason. They are 3-0 in Game 2s, winning by a combined 17-5. Tampa Bay ascribes little importance to this quirk of scheduling, but it\'s clear the Lightning know how to make adjustments, particularly after an extra day of rest and practice. "Game 1 is definitely a feeling-out period, especially in this series when you haven\'t played these teams very often," Tampa Bay coach Jon Cooper said. "Maybe we\'ve got a little bit more panic since we were down in Game 1. I don\'t know, there\'s maybe some more focus in Game 2."', u"BITE MARKS: Andrew Shaw won't admit biting Victor Hedman in Game 1, even when asked direct yes-or-no questions about it. Hedman won't talk about what certainly appeared to happen between them Game 1. We'll soon see if their scuffle was a weird footnote or a harbinger of a more bad-tempered series.", u'TRIPLET TIME: Tyler Johnson, Ondrej Palat and Nikita Kucherov combined for just two shots and no points in Game 1. The Blackhawks did a solid job shutting down the line led by the 5-foot-8 Johnson, who still leads the postseason with 12 goals despite not getting any in the last five games. But after the so-called Triplets combined for 55 points and seven game-winning goals in the Eastern Conference bracket, the top-heavy Lightning expect big things from the youngsters soon. "They\'ve proven time and time again, they may be kept off the score sheet a game here, a game there, but you\'re not going to keep them off for long," Cooper said. "Those kids will find a way."', u"NO NEW D: The Blackhawks seem unlikely to change their Game 1 lineup despite two possibilities. Defenseman Trevor Van Riemsdyk hasn't played since Nov. 16, but has been practicing with the club this week in anticipation of his NHL playoff debut. Coach Joel Quenneville still doesn't appear ready to promote him into their little-used third defensive pairing, even though Kyle Cumiskey and David Rundblad barely played in the opener.", u"BICKELL'S HEALTH: Chicago also doesn't appear to be getting Bryan Bickell back in the lineup. The forward is fighting an unclear ailment after apparently getting hurt in Game 7 of the last round in Anaheim, but he claims he passed the NHL's concussion tests. Veteran Kris Versteeg still is likely to take his place again in Game 2."]), ([u'Soccer: Young Americans Provide Example of Their Potential'], [u"AMSTERDAM \u2014  A dramatic come from behind win for the United States in their friendly international against the Netherlands would serve as a lesson of the team's potential to its many young members, coach Jurgen Klinsmann said.", u'"We need to learn to turn games around, to take games like knockout games. We have to have that mindset that we can turn things around," said Klinsmann after the Americans came from 3-1 down to win 4-3 in Amsterdam on Friday in an impressive display of swift counter-attack football.', u'"For all these youngsters, this is what they need to smell. This is what they need to see. They need to go to that tempo."    The U.S. now move onto another prestige friendly, against Germany in Cologne on Wednesday, as they prepare for the Concacaf Gold Cup, which they host next month.', u'"It\'s a huge learning curve when you play teams like Holland, you can only benefit from that. It doesn\'t matter what the result is," he told reporters as the Americans beat the Dutch for the first time after losing all four previous internationals between the two countries.', u'His team fought back to win an exciting friendly thanks to goals by substitutes Danny Williams and Bobby Wood in the final two minutes at the Amsterdam Arena.', u'"Obviously it\'s a good feeling now that we are growing. We all know that the Gold Cup is a completely different ballgame for us," the former Germany striker said.', u'"When you come to Europe it\'s a far more open game because they go at you. The first four to five games in the Gold Cup, they will play very defensively, and we will need to find other ways to score goals."', u'(Reporting by Mark Gleeson, editing by Sudipto Ganguly)']), ([u'LEADING OFF: Greinke vs Cards; Cole on a Roll; Norris Back'], [u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Sunday:", u'___', u'ONCE MORE', u"Zack Greinke starts as Los Angeles hosts St. Louis in the twilight at Dodger Stadium during the finale of a four-game series. He's seen a lot of the Cardinals over the years, facing them in three of the last four postseasons. Overall, he's 2-1 in five starts against the Cards in the playoffs.", u'COLE ON A ROLL', u'Pittsburgh Pirates ace Gerrit Cole (8-2), who has allowed only two earned runs while winning his last three starts, looks to extend his streak in Atlanta. The right-hander has never beaten the Braves despite a 2.57 ERA in two starts.', u'DANGER ZONE', u'Giancarlo Stanton gets a few more swings at altitude in Denver, where he hit a 478-foot homer Friday night. Stanton and the Miami Marlins face Colorado Rockies right-hander Kyle Kendrick (2-7), who has had a hard time keeping the ball in the yard at Coors Field. Eight of the 15 home runs hit off Kendrick this season have come at home, where he is 0-3 with a 7.99 ERA in four starts.', u'STREAKING', u"Toronto's Chris Colabello owns the longest active hitting streak in the majors. He'll take his career-best 16-game string into the series finale against Collin McHugh and the Astros.", u'SLUMPING', u"Freddy Galvis tries to snap an 0-for-29 slide when Philadelphia faces Ryan Vogelsong (4-3) and the World Series champion San Francisco Giants. On the mound for the Phillies is Sean O'Sullivan, who has given up 20 hits and 11 runs in 11 1-3 innings over his last two starts.", u"HERE'S JOHNNY", u'Johnny Cueto (3-4) makes his second start since returning from elbow inflammation when the Cincinnati Reds host San Diego. Cueto gave up two runs in six innings of a 5-4 loss at Philadelphia on Tuesday.', u'HEY, BUD', u"Baltimore Orioles right-hander Bud Norris will be activated from the 15-day disabled list to start against the Cleveland Indians. Norris, who is 1-4 with a 9.88 ERA, came down with bronchitis last month and hasn't pitched since May 10."]), ([u"No Matter Canada's Reaction, Leroux Primed for the World Cup"], [u'WINNIPEG, Manitoba \u2014  U.S. forward Sydney Leroux, a native of British Columbia, has no idea what the reception will be when she steps onto the field for the World Cup in Canada.', u'Any Canadian fans who think Leroux betrayed her roots, be warned.', u'"I feel like the worst you can do is boo me and try to make me feel bad," she said with a wry grin. "Because that just makes me hungrier."', u"Leroux and her U.S. teammates open soccer's premier tournament on Monday with a group-stage match against Australia in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The World Cup is being played across six Canadian cities over the course of the next month, concluding with the final on July 5 in Vancouver.", u'The United States, ranked second in the world, is among a tough group that includes the Matildas, as the 10th-ranked Australians are known, Sweden and former U.S. coach Pia Sundhage, and perennial African champion Nigeria.', u'Leroux is part of a dangerous pool of forwards on the U.S. team. Led by Alex Morgan and Abby Wambach, the group also includes Christen Press and Amy Rodriguez.', u'"It\'s probably the deepest team in the world," Leroux said. "There\'s going to be games where you\'re not going to start, it\'s all going to be up to what the game asks for. We\'re all ready for that, and we all know what we need to do."', u'At 15, and holding dual citizenship, Leroux decided to move to Arizona \u2014 alone \u2014 in hopes of grabbing the attention of the U.S. Soccer. It worked. The UCLA alum was a promising U20 player for the United States before joining the senior team in 2011. She had a breakout the next year, scoring 14 goals as a sub.', u'Known for her speed, Leroux is lethal on the fast break, as evidenced by her two goals \u2014 the first coming at a seemingly impossible angle \u2014 in an exhibition last month against Mexico in Carson, California.', u'But earlier this year, Leroux struggled with a right foot injury that happened in training. She missed a pair of European exhibitions, a 2-0 loss to France in Lorient and a victory over England in Milton Keynes. The injury dogged her for 3 \xbd months.', u"As part of her recovery, she worked out against her husband, Dom Dwyer, who plays for Major League Soccer's Sporting Kansas City. The couple married on Valentine's Day.", u'The workouts helped her speed.', u'"The injury in January really kind of sucked. I was out for a while, and then getting back to being game fit is tough," she said. "But I worked really hard when we were out of camp. And I\'m feeling really good right now."', u'U.S. coach Jill Ellis said it was clear Leroux was focused when she returned.', u'"She\'s back to full fitness, she\'s back to full health, playing very well," Ellis said. "There\'s a calmness about her. You know, Syd is a very emotional, intense player. But she has a kind of calmness in what she\'s doing, even in her finishing."', u"Leroux says, sure, she'd like to start, but mostly she's ambivalent when it comes to her role in the World Cup: The team comes first.", u'"I wouldn\'t mind coming off the bench and ending the game as well. So it doesn\'t matter," she said. "As long as I\'m putting my team in the best position to win, it doesn\'t really matter if I\'m starting or finishing."', u"There's a bit of history when it comes to the reception Leroux can expect in Canada. She was booed back in 2012 at an Olympic qualifying match in Vancouver, and again during a 2013 match against Canada in Toronto. Leroux scored in stoppage time in that game and then pointed to the U.S. crest on her jersey.", u"Perhaps the good news for Leroux is that the United States plays in a different group than No. 8 Canada, which means the teams won't meet early on.", u'"The stronger the wind against her, the more Syd rises, I think," Ellis said. "She has a family, above all, a support group that will protect her. She is very, very strong. She knew what she signed up for when she left the Canadians. But she\'s so integrated into us, I don\'t think it\'s really entered her mind of 50,000 people booing her, maybe. Again, I think that just helps Syd, even more, get her edge."', u"Leroux herself is approaching it with that same calm she's displayed to her coach.", u'"I\'m planning for everything," she said. "Negative, positive, who knows?"']), ([u'Rose Surges to 3-Shot Lead at Memorial; Woods With an 85'], [u"DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  The two birdies Justin Rose made at the end of the second round at the Memorial were important. Even with the whole weekend ahead of him, he realized he wouldn't have to race too hard to keep pace with the leaders.", u'He did better than that Saturday at Muirfield Village.', u'Rose made an early surge and kept pace the rest of the way. He putted for birdie on all but hole on the back nine, avoided the big numbers that can stop even the best rounds and wound up with a 6-under 66 and a three-shot lead over Francesco Molinari and David Lingmerth going into the final round.', u'"Finishing birdie-birdie gave me a boost to stay close to the leaders," Rose said. "It put me in a position today where I felt like I didn\'t have to chase too hard. I guess I played a good, solid, patient round of golf. It ended up turning into a great round of golf."', u'Tiger Woods turned in the worst score of his career.', u'After opening with three straight pars, Woods missed a couple of short par putts, finished the front nine with consecutive double bogeys and ended his day of infamy with a quadruple-bogey 8 and signed for an 85.', u"He now has as many rounds in the 60s as the 80s this year \u2014 two apiece. Woods shot an 82 in the Phoenix Open in late January, took two months off to get his game in order, and doesn't appear to be much better off now.", u'He chose not to speak to the media after his round. For the first time in his career, he will be first to tee off Sunday morning as a single.', u'"I\'m not only surprised, I feel very bad for him," tournament host Jack Nicklaus said.', u'Rose was at 15-under 201 as he tries to win for the second time this year, and become the seventh player to win multiple times at the tournament Nicklaus built.', u'"Kind of surprised to play my way into a three-shot lead," Rose said. "I was looking just to keep pace, but it\'s a fantastic position going into Sunday."', u'Molinari had four birdies on the front nine until he cooled and shot 69. Lingmerth opened with a birdie to expand his one-shot lead at the start of the round, followed two bogeys with an eagle and then stalled. He shot 72.', u'"I played good the first two days, so I was just trying to stick to what I did those two days and just focus on my small little world," Lingmerth said. "And I kind of lost that focus a little bit in the middle of the round today. But like I said, I was able to find it again in the last few holes and I\'m happy about that."', u'Jim Furyk, another past champion at Muirfield Village, had a 70 and was four shots behind.', u'Dustin Johnson and Keegan Bradley were among the early starters who showed what the course might yield. Johnson, who has been frustrated with his swing in recent weeks, happened to walk by the TV when he saw a commercial of himself. He was swinging it great, noticed a difference in the setup, worked it out on the range with Claude Harmon III and then shot 29 on the front.', u"In vintage Johnson fashion, he started the back nine with a double bogey and an eagle, then settled into a 65. Bradley was playing behind him. Bradley and Johnson are friends who often play money games at The Bear's Club \u2014 the course Nicklaus build in Florida \u2014 and Bradley was inspired to keep up. He also shot 65.", u'So did Kevin Streelman, who was in a group at 10-under 206 that included defending champion Hideki Matsuyama (71). Bradley was six shots behind, while Johnson was lagging at seven shots out.', u'Masters champion Jordan Spieth finished with a double bogey for a 72 and was nine shots behind.', u'It was a day of great fluctuation \u2014 20 shots between the best score and the worst.', u'Woods had something to do with that.', u'"Every single shot out there, you\'re on your toes, you\'re on your guard," Rose said. "One poor judgment of the wind, or one poor execution of an iron shot, and you can make bogey in a heartbeat."', u"Rose made his on the ninth hole and it settled him down. He never thinks he's going to post a low score, though he had reason with four birdies through seven holes. His bogey on the ninth was the reminder he needed. He was solid the rest of the way, even missing a few birdies putts inside 10 feet, and the lead kept growing.", u"Rose was reminded of what his caddie, Mark Fulcher, said to him on Friday. They were still five shots in the second round when his caddie told him that he liked his position. It was a message to keep taking chances when they were there, and to play it safe when that's what the shot required.", u'Rose must love his position now. Already a winner in New Orleans last month, and with the ', u' around the corner, he was poised to take a solid game and a bundle of confidence into the second major of the year.', u"DIVOTS: Patrick Rodgers was three shots out of the lead going into Saturday and shot 78. He was in a tie for 46th, and can't afford to slip much farther to secure special temporary membership for the rest of the year, which would give him unlimited exemptions. ... Phil Mickelson made six bogeys and a double bogey in his round of 78 to fall out of contention. ... Andy Sullivan was tied for fifth. Anything in the top 10 should be enough to assure he'll be safely in the top 60 in the world next week to get into the U.S. Open."]), ([u'Rosario Homers Twice in Rockies 10-5 Win Over Marlins'], [u'DENVER \u2014  Wilin Rosario homered twice and Carlos Gonzalez hit a three-run shot to back the solid pitching of Chris Rusin, and the Colorado Rockies shrugged off another rain delay at Coors Field to beat the Miami Marlins 10-5 Saturday.', u"Thunder showers delayed the game's start for 71 minutes, the 13th time this season a game in Denver has been postponed or delayed by weather. Colorado has had a total of 15 hours, 40 minutes, of rain delays at home this season.", u'Once the weather cleared, the Rockies came out swinging, putting together a four-run inning in the first and a five-run inning in the fourth, when Rosario and Gonzalez teamed up to hit the first back to back home runs by the Rockies this season.', u'Rusin (2-0), claimed off waivers from the Chicago Cubs last September, allowed two runs on seven hits in seven innings in winning for the first time in his last 10 starts dating to Aug. 14, 2013.', u'His first win with the Rockies came in an emergency relief role on May 31, when he stepped in for injured Jordan Lyles (left toe sprain) to beat Philadelphia.', u'Rusin struck out a career-high eight, fanning Marlins slugger Giancarlo Stanton four times. Stanton had homered in each of his previous three games before going 1 for 5 Saturday with a double.', u'David Phelps (2-3) trailed 2-0 before getting his first out as the first three batters he faced each hit safely, capped by a two-run triple by Nolan Arenado. Rosario added an RBI single and Michael McKenry a run-scoring triple to put the Rockies up 4-0.', u'Phelps allowed nine runs on 11 hits in 3 2-3 innings.', u"The Marlins got a run back in the second on Adeiny Hechavarria's RBI single but an inning later, Rosario drove a 1-1 offering from Phelps over the center field wall for his first homer.", u'With two out and two on in the fourth, Gonzalez drove the first pitch he saw into the stand of evergreen trees beyond the center field fence, finishing Phelps.', u'Rosario greeted reliever Andre Rienzo with a drive into the left field bleachers for the second multihomer game of his career. His first came May 12, 2012, against Atlanta.', u'Trailing 10-2, the Marlins scored three runs in the ninth on five hits against Rockies reliever Rafael Betancourt.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Marlins: RHP Jarred Cosart (vertigo)threw 81 pitches over five innings in an extended spring training game Saturday, allowing six runs (four earned). He struck out five and walked three. ... Reliever Bryan Morris left the game in the sixth inning with a low back strain. He is day to day.', u"Rockies: LF Corey Dickerson, placed on 15-day disabled list May 19 because of plantar faciitis in his left foot, was scheduled to travel Sunday to the Rockies' complex in Scottsdale, Arizona, and play a couple games in extended spring training. ... INF Charlie Culberson (back) was reinstated from the 60-day disabled list and outrighted to Triple-A Albuquerque.", u'UP NEXT', u"Marlins: RHP Jose Urena (0-2) again seeks his first career big league win in Sunday's series finale against the Rockies.", u"Rockies: RHP Kyle Kendrick (2-7) has had a tough time keeping the ball in the yard at Coors Field, where he has allowed eight of the 15 home runs hit off him. He's gone 0-3 with a 7.99 ERA in four starts at home."]), ([u'Hendrick Motorsports Aims for 6th Straight Pocono Victory'], [u"LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  Images of Richard Petty in his feathered Stetson hat and dark glasses stamp Pocono Raceway's victory lane tower, a tribute to one of racing's greats and the first winner at the track.", u"Oh yes, it's always good to be The King. But at Pocono, it's even better to drive for Rick Hendrick.", u'Petty has the celebratory circle named for him, though more drivers for Hendrick Motorsports have partied, taken selfies and bathed in confetti than any other team. Hendrick is on a hot streak, winning the last five races at Pocono.', u'Dale Earnhardt Jr. swept both races last season, Jimmie Johnson and Kasey Kahne won in 2013 and Jeff Gordon won the August 2012 race.', u'Pocono should charge Hendrick rent for all the time spent in the most coveted real estate in NASCAR.', u'Gordon owns the track record for wins with six and Hendrick drivers have 17 overall on the 2\xbd-mile tri-oval track.', u'"This is a horsepower race track where engines can make a difference," Earnhardt said. "I feel like over the last several years, we\'ve had one of the best engine programs in the sport."', u"Hendrick placed Gordon (4th) and Johnson (9th) in the top 10 for Sunday's race. Kahne starts 12th and Earnhardt is 20th.", u'Johnson is aiming for back-to-back wins after taking the checkered flag last weekend at Dover International Speedway. It was the 74th of his career, putting him just two shy of matching Dale Earnhardt on the career list. Gordon is the only active driver with more wins at 92.', u'"If it does happen, I want to handle it in the right way and pay tribute to Dale and what he\'s done for our sport, the true badass he was in our sport," Johnson said. "If and when that does happen, it will be an honor to be there in that status with him."', u'So who can knock off the Hendrick drivers?', u'Kurt Busch starts from the pole for Stewart-Haas Racing, Carl Edwards is on the front row for Joe Gibbs Racing and Martin Truex Jr., one of the hottest drivers in the sport, is third for Furniture Row Racing.', u'The biggest threats, though, could come from Team Penske drivers Joey Logano and Brad Keselowski. Logano was the last non-Hendrick driver to win when he held off Mark Martin in the June 2012 race.', u'Keselowski had the car to beat in his No. 2 Ford in August until a piece of trash stuck to his grille and he was passed late by Earnhardt.', u'"This is one of those race tracks where aero and horsepower come into play a lot, and we\'ve seen Hendrick be very good in those departments," Logano said, "not that Penske isn\'t."', u'Hendrick is ready to keep its grip on those race trophies.', u'"The car really shines here and we\'ve got some of the best equipment in the garage," Earnhardt said.', u'Here are some more things to watch when Hendrick Motorsports goes for career win No. 18:', u"BUMP DAY: It'll be a bumpy road toward victory lane on Sunday. The drivers will have to survive bumps that formed in Turn 2, known as the tunnel turn, on the tri-oval track. Drivers complained about the bumps and track president Brandon Igdalsky said there was no way the track could get smoothed out in time for Sunday's race. Kurt Busch compared the lumps to speed bumps in a grocery store parking lot.", u'"There is a line between character and just a bad race track," defending race winner Dale Earnhardt Jr. said. "This is getting close to that line. You like your tracks to have the character, but that is just a little bit extreme right there."', u'Igdalsky said the track would be smoothed out in time for the second Sprint Cup race in August.', u'The rough, frosty Pennsylvania winter was blamed for the misshapen lumps on the asphalt track, last repaved in 2012.', u'"A road is not any different than a race track at the end of the day. When the ground gets frozen, it does bad, bad things," Igdalsky said. "We knew the bumps were there, but we didn\'t think they were that bad."', u'It could lead to a fun ride.', u'"You hit that bump wrong or if you miss the heights a little bit on the splitter, the car could jump out from underneath of you pretty easily and create some interesting moments over there," four-time series champion Jeff Gordon said.', u"WE ARE: Jeff Gordon wants to turn Pocono into his own Happy Valley. Gordon's No. 24 Chevrolet has a special paint scheme for the weekend. The blue and white car has Penn State displayed prominently on it, part of a program being run by Gordon sponsor Axalta Coating Systems. The company teamed with Penn State to promote the importance of science, technology, engineering and math. Last year, Axalta did a similar venture with Texas A&M that was tremendously received.", u'Gordon took a spin in a street-legal version of the No. 24 in April at Penn State, ending the ride in front of Penn State\'s Berkey Creamery. He even led the enthusiastic crowd on a cheer of "We Are! Penn State!"', u'"I was able to do some little burnouts and different things and rev-up the engine and drive around there and wave to all of them and get all the cheers and stuff going," Gordon said. "It was awesome. That got me really motivated for this weekend."', u'Axalta CEO Charles Shaver said Saturday the company will remain with Hendrick Motorsports next season, even with Gordon retired.', u"NEW CAR: Martin Truex Jr. can enjoy that new car smell this weekend at Pocono. His Furniture Row Racing team had brought the same car to the track each of the last three weeks, with smashing results. Truex didn't win but he led the most laps at Kansas (95), Charlotte (131) and Dover (131).", u"But it's a new one for Pocono. It might be the driver as much as the car that's been hot \u2014 Truex starts third on Sunday.", u'"We have been hitting it pretty close each and every week," he said.']), ([u"Forsythe's Ninth-Inning HR Lifts Rays 1-0 Over Seattle"], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  Logan Forsythe said what makes a difference in a close game can be just one pitch. Or one swing.', u'Forsythe found the pitch he wanted and put a mighty swing on it in the ninth inning, stroking a home run off struggling Seattle Mariners closer Fernando Rodney to give the Tampa Bay Rays a 1-0 victory Friday.', u'Rodney (2-3) threw an inside fastball on a 2-1 count to Forsythe, who lifted it over the left-field wall for his seventh home run.', u'Rodney has allowed a run in nine of 13 appearances since May 1.', u'"Those games sometimes come down to one swing," Forsythe said. "I was able to get the barrel to it. It worked out."', u'The Mariners have lost seven straight, all during this homestand, and have been outscored 28-13, leaving 62 runners on base. They are hitting just .159 (10 of 63) with runners in scoring position.', u"Seattle's ineffective offense was no more apparent than in the bottom of the ninth after Austin Jackson led off with a triple to right off Kevin Jepsen. Right-fielder Steven Souza Jr. made a desperate dive for it, but it rolled to the wall.", u'"I was pretty close. Just a little more out of my reach," Souza said. "We back each other up, but that ball took a weird hop afterward."', u'Jepsen then struck out Brad Miller.', u'"You\'re definitely going for the strikeout there," Jepsen said. "You just have to leave it out there, everything. In that situation everything has to go right not to let that run score.', u'In a nine-pitch at-bat, Jepsen got Mike Zunino to pop foul to right. Dustin Ackley then flied out to left, to the accompaniment of a loud cascade of boos.', u'"I\'m still scratching my head. This is tough," Mariners manager Lloyd McClendon said. "We put ourselves in position time and time again to score runs. We just didn\'t get it done."', u'Andrew Bellatti (2-0), who worked three innings, earned the victory. Jepsen secured his third save in five opportunities.', u'"I can\'t say enough about what Bellatti did," Rays manager Kevin Cash said. "Comes in, provides us those three innings against a very good hitting team. He was pretty impressive."', u'Unfortunately for Bellatti, the club intends to option him to Triple-A Durham and recall let-hander Enny Romero.', u"Seattle's Logan Morrison had a third-inning single to extend his hitting streak to 12 games. His career best is 13 straight last season.", u'Rays starter Jake Odorizzi had to leave with one out in the fifth with a left side tightness. He allowed just four hits, walked one and struck out four.', u'"Just that last pitch. It just tightened up, grabbed me. That was it," Odorizzi said. "You never felt something like that before. It\'s kind of startling. But it let go."', u'Odorizzi said no MRI is scheduled: "We (will) see how I\'m feeling 24 hours from now."', u'J.A. Happ started and went seven innings for the Mariners. He allowed six hits, walked one and struck out six. He has had three wins and six no-decisions over his past nine starts.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Rays: LHP Matt Moore is getting closer to a return after 14 months since his Tommy John surgery. He'll have his second rehab assignment Monday or Tuesday for Class-A Charlotte (Florida State League). He's expected to throw 60-65 pitches. He'll likely have three more starts before the club decides if he's ready.", u"Mariners: RHP Hisashi Iwakuma (strained lat) will throw off the mound Sunday, in the range of 35-40 pitches. He'll have another session Wednesday, then the club will assess if and where he'll go out on a rehab assignment. ... 1B Logan Morrison, who missed Thursday's game with back spasms - triggered in the batting cage before the game - was back in the lineup.", u'UP NEXT', u'Rays: RHP Alex Colome (3-2, 5.05) did not get a fair shake over his two recent starts. He matches up against 2010 Cy Young Award winner Felix Hernandez on Saturday, and last Monday dueled with L.A. Angels ace Garrett Richards. He lost that matchup 7-3, allowing three home runs, but matched his season-high six innings. He has allowed seven home runs in 35 2-3 innings.', u"Mariners: RHP Hernandez (8-2, 2.63) is coming off is worst outing of the season. He gave up seven runs in 4 2-3 innings Monday in a 7-2 loss to the Yankees. In his previous start against the Ray on May 27 in Tampa, he had his season's best outing, a complete game 3-0 shutout. He allowed just four hits, walked one and struck out eight.", u'GETTING ON, GETTING IN', u'What shows up most alarmingly for the struggling Mariners offense this season is a woeful average - just .215 - with runners in scoring position. That prompted the club to trade with Arizona for slugger Mark Trumbo on Wednesday. "We were 1 for 11 out there (Thursday in a 2-1 loss)," manager Lloyd McClendon said. "We need somebody to drive them in, drive \'em in from first. Better yet, drive them in from home. I\'ll take a three-run homer any day."', u"BUTLER'S DOING IT", u'After seven-plus seasons toiling in the minor leagues, Rays OF Joey Butler is turning into an "overnight" success story. Since his promotion May 3, Butler is hitting .348 with six doubles, four home runs and 11 RBIs. "We all knew that he was going to hit if given consistent at-bats," said Rays manager Kevin Cash, who was his teammate at Triple-A Round Rock in 2011. "Now to put the pressure on to say he\'s going to continue to hit .350, I don\'t think that\'s fair, but we\'ll take it as long as it lasts."']), ([u'Venezuela Already Looking Beyond Copa America'], [u"SANTIAGO \u2014  - Venezuela are the only South American team never to have played at the World Cup and coach Noel Sanvicente's sights are already fixed on Russia in 2018 rather than Chile this month.", u'"I\'m not here to win a Copa America, I\'m here to get us qualified (for the next World Cup). If not, it\'s a failure," Sanvicente said in a recent interview.', u'"I think it\'s our turn to qualify for a World Cup," he added, reflecting on the near misses of the last two qualifying campaigns. "We\'ve been so close."', u'Until recently, Venezuela, where football has been traditionally less popular than baseball, were seen as easy meat by the other South American teams and were often on the wrong end of some embarrassingly lopsided scorelines.', u'They have made huge strides in the last 10 years, however, and enjoyed their best-ever performance at the last Copa America where they reached the semi-finals, although signs of stagnation have now begun to set in.', u'The defence is ageing, there does not appear to be any sign of a replacement for 35-year-old playmaker Juan Arango and forward Salomon Rondon has fallen out of favour at Zenit St Petersburg.', u'Venezuela can play some slick football but Sanvicente realises they need to be more consistent.', u'"We can\'t be satisfied with producing moments of good football. We have to sustain this with more movement and the kind of intensity I\'m looking for," he said.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Cardinals Beat Dodgers 2-1 With 2 Runs in 8th'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Carlos Martinez outpitched Brett Anderson again during their second low-scoring duel in six days, and the St. Louis Cardinals scratched across a pair of runs in the eighth inning to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2-1 on Friday night.', u'Martinez (6-2) allowed his only run in the second on a bases-loaded walk to power-hitting rookie Joc Pederson. The right-hander gave up three hits and had a career-high 11 strikeouts in seven innings while helping the Cardinals lower their major league-best ERA to 2.57.', u"Last Sunday, Martinez held the Dodgers to one hit over seven innings and struck out eight in a 3-1 victory over Anderson, which followed an emotional pregame tribute to Martinez's late teammate and best friend Oscar Taveras, who was killed in a car accident in October.", u'Anderson (2-4) allowed two runs and four hits in 7 2-3 innings. The Cardinals, with the best record in the majors at 37-18, were held to a pair of harmless singles over the first seven innings and failed to get a runner in scoring position until everything unraveled for Anderson in the eighth.', u'Yadier Molina drew a leadoff walk, Jason Heyward followed with an infield single up the middle and Tony Cruz advanced both runners with a sacrifice bunt while batting for Martinez.', u"Kolten Wong was credited with a tying RBI single that scored pinch-runner Pete Kozma when Anderson failed to cover first base on a grounder to Adrian Gonzalez wide of the bag. Carpenter drove in Hayward with a sacrifice fly on Anderson's 88th and final pitch.", u"Trevor Rosenthal, the fourth St. Louis pitcher, got three outs for his 18th save in 19 attempts to secure the Cardinals' fourth straight win and 10th in 12 games.", u"Martinez, who hadn't allowed a run in his previous three starts spanning 20 1-3 innings, gave up two walks and two singles in the second when the Dodgers scored their run. After the walk to Pederson, Martinez minimized the damage by retiring Jimmy Rollins on a double-play grounder \u2014 two pitches after getting a visit from pitching coach Derek Lilliquist.", u'The Dodgers did not get another baserunner until Gonzalez drew a leadoff walk in the sixth. Martinez struck out the next three batters.', u'NEW ADDITION', u'Scott Schebler, promoted earlier in the day from Triple-A Oklahoma City, started in left field for the Dodgers and went 1 for 3 in his major league debut \u2014 including an opposite-field single to left his first time up.', u"Schebler was a 26th-round draft pick in 2012 and was selected the organization's minor league player of the year in 2013 after batting .296 with 27 homers and 91 RBIs for Class A Rancho Cucamonga. Relief pitcher Daniel Coulombe was optioned to Oklahoma City to open a roster spot for him.", u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Cardinals: OF Tommy Pham (left quadriceps) was activated from the 60-day disabled list and optioned to Triple-A Memphis. 1B Matt Adams (right quadriceps strain) was transferred from the 15-day DL to the 60-day list to clear a spot on the 40-man roster.', u"Dodgers: 2B Howie Kendrick missed his second straight game because of a sprained right knee. ... RHP Pedro Baez, who hasn't pitched since May 13 because of a strain in his right pectoral muscle, threw off a mound for the first time and didn't experience any pain. ... RHP Brandon League (shoulder impingement) and RHP Brandon Beachy (elbow surgery) are still in the bullpen-session stage. Neither has been scheduled for a minor league rehab assignment.", u'UP NEXT', u'Cardinals: LHP Jaime Garcia (1-2) will make his fourth start of the season after missing the first 40 games while recovering from thoracic outlet surgery.', u'Dodgers: LHP Clayton Kershaw (4-3) lost to St. Louis in the final game of the 2013 NL Championship Series and the final game of the 2014 Division Series. During the regular season, the reigning NL MVP and three-time Cy Young Award winner is 5-5 with a 3.46 ERA in 14 starts against the Cardinals.']), ([u'Bleak Outlook for Ageing Peru'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Although Peru surpassed expectations by reaching the Copa America semi-finals in 2011, any thoughts of a similar run this time around are likely to prove wildly optimistic.', u"Coach Ricardo Gareca's decision to include old favourites Claudio Pizarro, Jefferson Farfan and Juan Vargas, even though they have featured little for their clubs this season, is a worrying sign about the standard of the new generation.", u'Those weaknesses were on show last year when a team of home-based players slumped to a 3-0 defeat against England and a 2-0 loss to Switzerland on a miserable European tour.', u'Gareca, an Argentine who was leading scorer at the 1987 Copa America, replaced Pablo Bengoechea in March and began with a dispiriting 1-0 defeat against Venezuela on his debut.', u'That clearly persuaded him to bring back the old faithfuls even though their record for Peru has often fallen way short of their club form.', u'Pizarro, for example, has mustered a meagre 19 goals in 71 appearances for his country, a sad comparison to his prolific record in the Bundesliga where he has the highest all-time total of any non-German player.', u'Thirteen members of the squad are home-based, a worrying statistic given the poor standard of the Peruvian championship.', u"Drawn in a group which contains World Cup quarter-finalists Brazil and Colombia, Peru's most realistic goal is to beat Venezuela and hope to qualify as one of the best third-placed teams.", u'(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ian Chadband)']), ([u'Paraguay Taking Recovery Step by Step'], [u'ASUNCION \u2014  Paraguay\u2019s challenge at the Copa America is not so much to win the trophy they came close to lifting in 2011 as to recover the lost strengths of a well organised defence and incisive counter-attack.', u'The Paraguayans lost their way after the tournament in Argentina four years ago where they were beaten by Uruguay in the final having reached the World Cup quarter-finals for the first time in South Africa in 2010.', u'Brazil 2014 was their next goal but the fans suffered as Gerardo Martino, the architect of those achievements, quit.', u'Paraguay got through three coaches as they failed to find the right replacement to steer them through the qualifiers to a fifth consecutive World Cup tournament across the border.', u'They turned to Martino\u2019s fellow Argentine Ramon Diaz last December and he has rebuilt Paraguay into a solid team.', u'Diaz has mixed the experience of captain Roque Santa Cruz, record 122-cap centre back Paulo Da Silva and goalkeeper Justo Villar with talented young midfielder Oscar Romero and striker Raul Bobadilla.', u'A good Copa America in Chile, where Paraguay kick off their Group B campaign against favourites Argentina in La Serena on June 13, will help them turn the page on a dismal World Cup qualifying campaign in which they finished bottom of the 10-nation South America group.', u'Diaz\u2019s first results in charge on tour in March were a 0-0 draw away to Costa Rica in San Jose and 1-0 loss to Mexico in Kansas City that left him satisfied with the players\u2019 organisation and attitude but identifying failings in their ball retention and distribution.', u'The team plan is in its infancy and Diaz is looking further ahead to the 2018 World Cup qualifiers starting later in the year, but a berth in the quarter-finals as one of the two best third-placed teams is not unrealistic in a group containing Argentina, Uruguay and Jamaica.', u'The tournament starts next Friday with Paraguay\u2019s second group match against Uruguay, their conquerors in the 2011 final in Buenos Aires, at Antofagasta on June 16 before they meet Jamaica back in La Serena four days later.', u'(Reporting by Daniela Desantis; Writing by Rex Gowar; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Hellickson, Pollock Lead Diamondbacks to 7-2 Win Over Mets'], [u'PHOENIX \u2014  Jeremy Hellickson pitched six solid innings for his fourth straight win, and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the New York Mets 7-2 on Friday night.', u'A.J. Pollock had three hits, two of them doubles. He drove in two runs and scored twice for the Diamondbacks.', u'Arizona trailed 2-1 through five innings. Paul Goldschmidt singled home Pollock with the tying run in the sixth and scored the go-ahead run from first when Yasmany Tomas doubled down the left-field line. Arizona broke it open with four runs in the eighth.', u"Hellickson (4-3) allowed two runs, one on Michael Cuddyer's homer. The right-hander gave up six hits, striking out six and walking three.", u'The Mets wasted a better outing by Jonathon Niese, who was 0-3 with a 9.00 ERA in his previous four starts. Niese (3-6) went six innings, giving up three runs and six hits with eight strikeouts and one walk.', u'Eric Campbell snapped an 0-for-28 skid with an RBI single that put New York up 2-1 in the fourth. The hit scored Wilmer Flores, who had doubled down the left-field line.', u"In the Arizona eighth, right fielder Curtis Granderson couldn't hold on to make a diving catch of Ender Inciarte's leadoff triple. Pollock followed with an RBI single.", u"Cuddyer's sixth home run of the season, a shot to left, put the Mets up 1-0 in the second inning. Pollock tied it with an RBI infield single in the third.", u"Tomas, making his first outfield appearance of the season, saved at least one run with a running stab of Anthony Recker's sharp liner to right in the fourth.", u'In his Arizona debut, catcher Welington Castillo \u2014 acquired in the trade that sent Mark Trumbo to Seattle \u2014 struck out four times.', u'No Met reached base after the fifth.', u'LEAKY ROOF', u'A downpour during the game caused the Chase Field roof to leak, creating a puddle in front of the backstop. The roof, built mainly to keep out the heat, has leaked in the same area during severe rain in the past.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Mets: 2B-3B Daniel Murphy was placed on the 15-day DL with a left quad strain. INF Danny Muno was recalled from Triple-A Las Vegas to take Murphy's spot on the roster. Murphy is the 14th Mets player to go on the DL this season. ... Rookie C Kevin Plawecki was out with a virus. He is day to day.", u'Diamondbacks: LHP Patrick Corbin, coming off Tommy John surgery, will make a rehab start Monday for Class A Visalia. ... C Tuffy Gosewisch underwent surgery to repair a torn left ACL.', u'UP NEXT', u'Mets: RHP Bartolo Colon (8-3, 4.72 ERA), tied for the major league lead in wins, goes for No. 9 when he faces Arizona in the third game of the four-game series.', u'Diamondbacks: RHP Chase Anderson (1-1, 3.26) seeks his second win in 11 starts this season.']), ([u'With First-Round Difficulties Forgotten, Blackhawks\u2019 Corey Crawford Rights Himself for the Finals'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  The mood was light around Corey Crawford\u2019s locker stall on Friday. He laughed along with the banter and joked with Chicago television reporters about their fresh Florida suntans.', u'Crawford still wore his white-and-red goalie pads and his skates, and when he stood for interviews, he towered above the crowd while politely turning toward each questioner \u2014 even the one asking how Crawford had persevered through three benchings and redeemed the ', u'\u2019 faith in him during their Stanley Cup playoff run.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s so far gone,\u201d Crawford said evenly, \u201cit\u2019s not even relevant anymore.\u201d', u'He appears so focused now that it is hard to imagine that Crawford was on the verge of becoming irrelevant, having been benched for three games in the opening playoff series against Nashville. Doubters may still exist, but Crawford continued his stellar play in ', u' on Wednesday, turning aside an onslaught by the Tampa Bay Lightning in the first period that should have buried the lethargic Blackhawks.', u'\u201cWith our team, the game\u2019s never over,\u201d Crawford said. \u201cWe\u2019ve got enough firepower with our guys to score goals, so every save is important.\u201d', u'Instead, he bought enough time \u2014 55 minutes 29 seconds \u2014 for Chicago to rally and escape with a 2-1 victory, providing the Blackhawks with a surge of confidence before Game 2 on Saturday night at Amalie Arena.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s answered a lot of questions,\u201d Coach Joel Quenneville said Friday. \u201cHe handled a tough situation in the first round. I have to commend him on how he\u2019s been since then. I think the focus is totally in the right place.\u201d', u'On Wednesday, Crawford faced 23 shots \u2014 18 of those in the first two periods. The only goal he allowed came on a ', u', who swatted the puck out of midair with his back to the net and sent it through a narrow opening between Crawford and the post to his left.', u'\u201cI wasn\u2019t in the position I thought maybe I could have been,\u201d Crawford said. \u201cIt was early in the game. I was still trying to get a little timing. But that was a great play by him.\u201d', u'The Lightning proved they could break down Chicago\u2019s highly regarded defense and create quality scoring chances against Crawford, often shooting high.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not thinking where they\u2019re shooting,\u201d Crawford said. \u201cOnce you start thinking as a goalie, you\u2019re in trouble.\u201d', u'The bench is an odd place for a goalie who was named to the All-Star team and tied for the fewest goals allowed in the N.H.L. in the regular season, but that was where Crawford sat after stunning lapses against Nashville. Quenneville yanked Crawford after he had allowed three goals on only 12 shots in Game 1, but Quenneville gave him the start for Game 2. The Predators ripped Crawford for six goals, and he was harshly criticized by Chicago fans hoping for a third Stanley Cup in six years.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t think it\u2019s in his blood to dwell on the past, no matter what it is,\u201d Patrick Kane said. \u201cOnce he got the net back, he kind of took over, and it seemed like he really wanted to take advantage of his time in the net.\u201d', u'Crawford did not return until Game 6, when the backup Scott Darling was pulled after allowing three goals on 12 shots. Trailing by 3-1, and with Nashville looking to force Game 7, the Blackhawks rallied behind Crawford and won, 4-3.', u'Afterward, center Brad Richards could tell from Crawford\u2019s body language that the Blackhawks had gotten the goalie who had led them to a championship in 2013 back in a good place mentally.', u'\u201cHe got to be part of winning a series again,\u201d Richards said. \u201cHe felt like he accomplished something, and that got him back. You could just see it, like: \u2018Oh, I\u2019m back; I\u2019m back helping the team. Now here we go.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Richards added: \u201cI don\u2019t know what else you want from him. That\u2019s why I\u2019m sure he\u2019s O.K. with accomplishing things and catching the flak.\u201d', u'Crawford sounded unfazed by it all, the compliments bouncing off him like so many first-round slings and arrows. He has redeemed himself to the point that another Stanley Cup is in sight and the past is gone and irrelevant.', u'\u201cWinning before is nice, and you feel great when it happens, but at the same time, when you get back here, they don\u2019t care if we won before,\u201d he said. \u201cIt really doesn\u2019t matter on the ice.\u201d']), ([u'Buster Posey\u2019s Homer Lifts Giants'], [u'Buster Posey hit the go-ahead home run in the seventh inning, helping the ', u' end a five-game skid with a 5-4 victory over the ', u' in Philadelphia.']), ([u'Braves Replace Eric Young Jr.'], [u'The ', u' designated outfielder Eric Young Jr. for assignment and reinstated outfielder and first baseman Joey Terdoslavich from the 15-day disabled list. Young was hitting .169 with no homers, five R.B.I. and three stolen bases.', u'\u25a0 The Cincinnati Reds designated Jason Marquis, 36, for assignment and called up the right-hander Pedro Villarreal from Class AAA Louisville. Marquis opened the season in the rotation but was switched to the bullpen after nine starts with a 3-4 record and a 6.46 E.R.A.']), ([u'AP Sportlight'], [u'1930 \u2014 Gallant Fox, ridden by Earle Sande, wins the ', u' by three lengths over Whichone, becoming the second horse to capture the ', u'.', u'1941 \u2014 Whirlaway, ridden by Eddie Arcaro, becomes the fifth horse to win the Triple Crown by capturing the Belmont Stakes by 2\xbd lengths over Robert Morris.', u'1952 \u2014 One Count, ridden by Eddie Arcaro, wins the Belmont Stakes by 2\xbd lengths over heavily favored Blue Man.', u"1969 \u2014 Arts and Letters, ridden by Braulio Baeza, ends Majestic Prince's bid for the Triple Crown with a 5\xbd-length victory in the Belmont Stakes.", u'1980 \u2014 Temperance Hill, a 53-1 long shot ridden by Eddie Maple, wins the Belmont Stakes by two lengths over Genuine Risk.', u'1986 \u2014 Danzig Connection, ridden by Chris McCarron, wins the Belmont Stakes by 1\xbc lengths over Johns Treasure to give trainer Woody Stephens his fifth straight Belmont win.', u"1998 \u2014 Utah breaks the record for fewest points in an NBA game since the inception of the shot clock, losing 96-54 to Chicago in Game 3 of the NBA Finals. It's the highest margin of victory in NBA Finals history. Utah's 54 points break the NBA-record of 55 set earlier in the season by Indiana.", u'2003 \u2014 Justine Henin-Hardenne beats Kim Clijsters 6-0, 6-4 at the ', u", in the first all-Belgian Grand Slam final. Henin-Hardenne becomes her nation's first Grand Slam winner.", u'2004 \u2014 Ruslan Fedotenko scores twice, including the critical first goal, and the resilient Tampa Bay Lightning hold off the Calgary Flames 2-1 in Game 7 to win their first Stanley Cup.', u'2006 \u2014 New Jersey becomes the first state to institute a statewide steroid-testing policy for high school athletes.', u'2008 \u2014 Ana Ivanovic wins her first Grand Slam title by beating Dinara Safina 6-4, 6-3 in the French Open.', u"2008 \u2014 Da' Tara spoils ", u"'s bid for a Triple Crown by winning the Belmont Stakes. Da' Tara, a 38-1 longshot ridden by Alan Garcia, goes wire-to-wire winning by 5 1/4 lengths over Denis of Cork and covers the distance in 2:29.65. Big Brown, the 1-4 favorite, is eased up in the homestretch by jockey Kent Desormeaux finishing so far behind at the end that his margin of defeat isn't even charted.", u"2009 \u2014 Roger Federer completes a career Grand Slam, winning his first French Open title. Federer wins his 14th major title to tie Pete Sampras' record by sweeping surprise finalist Robin Soderling 6-1, 7-6 (1), 6-4.", u'2014 \u2014 Maria Sharapova wins her second French Open title in three years, overcoming some shaky serving to beat fourth-seeded Simona Halep 6-4, 6-7 (5), 6-4 in the final.', u'2014 \u2014 California Chrome fails in his bid to win the first Triple Crown in 36 years, losing the Belmont Stakes to long shot Tonalist and leaving his owner to complain others took "the coward\'s way out" by skipping the first two legs of the Triple Crown. The Kentucky Derby and ', u' winner finishes in a dead-heat for fourth with Wicked Strong.', u"2014 \u2014 Miguel Cotto becomes the first Puerto Rican fighter to win world championships in four weight divisions, stopping Sergio Martinez in their WBC world middleweight title fight. Martinez doesn't get off the stool when the bell rings for the 10th round.", u'1935 \u2014 Omaha, ridden by Willis Saunders, becomes the third horse to win the Triple Crown by capturing the Belmont Stakes with a 1\xbd-length victory over Firethron.', u'1950 \u2014 Boston beats the St. Louis Browns 29-4 at Fenway Park, and the Red Sox set six major league records: most runs scored by one team; most long hits in a game with 17 (nine doubles, one triple and seven homers); most total bases with 60; most extra bases on long hits with 32; most runs for two games with 49 (20 a day earlier); and most hits in two games with 51.', u'1958 \u2014 Mickey Wright beats Fay Crocker by six strokes to win the LPGA Championship.', u'1980 \u2014 Sally Little wins the LPGA Championship by three strokes over Jane Blalock.', u"1985 \u2014 Creme Fraiche, ridden by Eddie Maple, becomes the first gelding to win the Belmont Stakes, beating Stephan's Odyssey by a half-length.", u'1986 \u2014 Larry Bird scores 29 points to lead the Boston Celtics to a 114-97 victory over the Houston Rockets and their 16th NBA title.', u'1990 \u2014 The "Indomitable Lions" of Cameroon pull off one of the greatest upsets in soccer history, 1-0 over defending champion Argentina in the first game of the World Cup.', u'1991 \u2014 Warren Schutte, a UNLV sophomore from South Africa, shoots a 5-under 67 to become the first foreign-born player to win the NCAA Division I golf championship.', u"2000 \u2014 Mike Modano deflects Brett Hull's shot at 6:21 of the third overtime, ending the longest scoreless overtime game in Stanley Cup finals history and helping the Dallas Stars beat the New Jersey Devils 1-0 in Game 5.", u'2005 \u2014 Freshman Samantha Findlay hits a three-run homer in the 10th inning to lead Michigan to a 4-1 win over UCLA for its first NCAA softball title. Michigan is the first team from east of the Mississippi River to win the national championship.', u"2008 \u2014 Rafael Nadal wins his fourth consecutive French Open title in a rout, again spoiling Roger Federer's bid to complete a career Grand Slam. Dominating the world's No. 1 player with astounding ease, Nadal wins in three sets, 6-1, 6-3, 6-0.", u'2008 \u2014 Yani Tseng of Taiwan becomes the first rookie in 10 years to win a major, beating Maria Hjorth on the fourth hole of a playoff with a 5-foot birdie on the 18th hole to win the LPGA Championship.', u"2012 \u2014 I'll Have Another's bid for the first Triple Crown in 34 years ends shockingly in the barn and not on the racetrack when the colt is scratched the day before the Belmont Stakes and retires from racing with a swollen tendon.", u'2012 \u2014 Novak Djokovic beats a mistake-prone Roger Federer 6-4, 7-5, 6-3 to reach his first French Open final and close in on becoming the first man in 43 years with four consecutive Grand Slam titles. Djokovic won Wimbledon and the ', u' last year, then the Australian Open in January.', u'2013 \u2014 Serena Williams wins her 16th Grand Slam title and her first French Open championship since 2002, beating Maria Sharapova 6-4, 6-4.', u'2013 \u2014 Palace Malice takes charge on the turn for home and wins the Belmont Stakes, holding off Preakness winner Oxbow and ', u' winner Orb. Palace Malice, ridden by Mike Smith, was one of a record five entries by trainer Todd Pletcher.', u'2014 \u2014 Rafael Nadal wins the French Open title for the ninth time, and the fifth time in a row, by beating Novak Djokovic 3-6, 7-5, 6-2, 6-4. Nadal improves his record at Roland Garros to 66-1, and stretches his winning streak at the clay-court major to 35 straight.', u"1888 \u2014 James McLaughlin sets the record for most number of wins by a jockey in the Belmont Stakes, six, when he rides Sir Dixon to a 12-length victory. McLaughlin's record is matched by Eddie Arcaro in 1955.", u'1899 \u2014 Jim Jeffries knocks out Bob Fitzsimmons in the 11th round in New York to win the world heavyweight title.', u'1934 \u2014 Olin Dutra edges Gene Sarazen by one stroke to win the U.S. Open.', u'1940 \u2014 Lawson Little beats Gene Sarazen by three strokes in a playoff to win the U.S. Open golf title.x', u'1945 \u2014 Hoop Jr. wins the Kentucky Derby, which is run one month after a national wartime government ban on racing is lifted.', u'1973 \u2014 Secretariat, ridden by Ron Turcotte, wins the Belmont Stakes in record time to capture the Triple Crown. Secretariat sets a world record on the 1\xbd-mile course with 2:24, and a record for largest margin of victory in the Belmont, 31 lengths.', u'1978 \u2014 Larry Holmes scores a 15-round split decision over Ken Norton for the WBC heavyweight title in New York.', u"1979 \u2014 Coastal, ridden by Ruben Hernandez, spoils Spectacular Bid's attempt at the Triple Crown with a 3\xbc-length victory over Golden Act. Spectacular Bid finishes third.", u'1984 \u2014 Swale, ridden by Laffit Pincay, wins the Belmont Stakes by four lengths over Pine Circle. Swale dies eight days later.', u'1985 \u2014 Kareem Abdul-Jabbar scores 29 points to lead the Los Angeles Lakers to a 111-100 victory over the Boston Celtics and the NBA title in six games.', u'1990 \u2014 Monica Seles holds off four set points in the first set tiebreaker and goes on to become the youngest winner of the French Open, beating two-time champion Steffi Graf 7-6 (8-6), 6-4. Seles is 16 years, six months.', u"1991 \u2014 In the first all-American men's final at the French Open since 1954, Jim Courier rallies to beat Andre Agassi 3-6, 6-4, 2-6, 6-1, 6-4 for his first Grand Slam title.", u'1993 \u2014 Patrick Roy makes 18 saves and the Montreal Canadiens capture their 24th Stanley Cup, beating the Los Angeles Kings 4-1 in Game 5.', u'1995 \u2014 The Houston Rockets set NBA records with their seventh straight playoff road victory and their ninth road win of the playoffs, beating Orlando 117-106 in Game 2 of the NBA Finals.', u'2001 \u2014 Jennifer Capriati beats Kim Clijsters 1-6, 6-4, 12-10 to win the French Open, her second consecutive Grand Slam title.', u"2003 \u2014 The New Jersey Devils end the Anaheim Mighty Ducks' surreal season, winning the Stanley Cup with a 3-0 victory. Mike Rupp, who had never appeared in a playoff until Game 4, scores the first goal and sets up Jeff Friesen for the other two.", u"2006 \u2014 Roger Federer earns his first berth in a French Open final, setting up the first No. 1 vs. No. 2 for the men's title at Roland Garros since in 1984, when Ivan Lendl beat top-ranked John McEnroe. Top-ranked Federer meets defending champion Rafael Nadal, who has a record 59 wins in a row on clay.", u"2007 \u2014 Justine Henin claims her third consecutive French Open title and fourth overall, taking advantage of 19-year-old Ana Ivanovic's nervous play to win 6-1, 6-2. Henin is the first woman since Monica Seles in 1990-92 to win three consecutive Roland Garros titles, and only the second since 1937.", u'2007 \u2014 Rags to Riches, a filly ridden by John Velazquez, outduels Curlin in a breathtaking stretch run and won the Belmont Stakes, becoming the first of her sex to take the final leg of the Triple Crown in more than a century.', u"2008 \u2014 Ken Griffey Jr. becomes the sixth player sixth player in baseball history to reach 600 homers with a drive off Mark Hendrickson in the first inning of the Cincinnati Reds' 9-4 victory over the Florida Marlins.", u"2010 \u2014 Chicago's Patrick Kane sneaks the puck past Michael Leighton 4:10 into overtime, stunning Philadelphia and lifting the Blackhawks to a 4-3 overtime win in Game 6 for their first Stanley Cup championship since 1961. Chicago team captain Jonathan Toews is awarded the Conn Smythe Trophy as playoff MVP.", u'2012 \u2014 Maria Sharapova wins the French Open, defeating Sara Errani 6-3, 6-2 in the final at Roland Garros to complete the career Grand Slam.', u"2012 \u2014 Union Rags nips Paynter at the wire in a photo finish to win the Belmont Stakes, beating a field without Triple Crown hopeful I'll Have Another who was retired with an injury the previous day.", u'2012 \u2014 Manny Pacquiao tries to turn his welterweight title fight with Timothy Bradley into a brawl, but it is Bradley who won a split decision to end a remarkable run by the Filipino fighter. Bradley wins 115-113 on two scorecards, while losing by the same margin on the third.', u'2013 \u2014 Rafael Nadal becomes the first man to win eight titles at the same Grand Slam tournament after beating fellow Spaniard David Ferrer in the French Open final, 6-3, 6-2, 6-3.', u'2013 \u2014 Inbee Park birdies the third hole of a sudden-death playoff with Catriona Matthew to win the rain-delayed LPGA Championship. Park makes a 20-foot putt on the par-4 18th to go 2-for-2 in LPGA Tour majors this season.', u'1890 \u2014 The Preakness Stakes is run outside Baltimore, at Morris Park in New York. The race is then suspended for three years, and resumes at the Brooklyn Jockey Club', u'1933 \u2014 Johnny Goodman wins the U.S. Open golf title, making him the last amateur to win this event.', u'1944 \u2014 A rare triple dead heat occurs in the Carter Handicap at Aqueduct with Bossuet, Brownie and Wait a Bit crossing the finish line together.', u'1973 \u2014 Mary Mills shoots a 63 in the final round of the LPGA Championship to beat Betty Burfeindt by one stroke.', u'1977 \u2014 Al Geiberger sets a PGA Championship 18-hole record when he shoots a 59 in the Danny Thomas Classic.', u'1978 \u2014 Affirmed, ridden by Steve Cauthen, wins the Belmont Stakes to capture the Triple Crown in one of the greatest battles in racing history. Affirmed edges Alydar for the third time.', u"1989 \u2014 Wayne Gretzky of the Los Angeles Kings is named the NHL's MVP, winning the Hart Trophy for a record ninth time.", u'1989 \u2014 Arantxa Sanchez, 17, becomes the youngest French Open champion and the first Spanish woman to win a Grand Slam event by dethroning Steffi Graf 7-6, 3-6, 7-5.', u"1989 \u2014 Easy Goer, the beaten favorite in the Kentucky Derby and Preakness, foils Sunday Silence's bid for the Triple Crown with an eight-length victory in the Belmont Stakes. His time of 2:26 is the second fastest at Belmont, behind Secretariat's 2:24 in 1973.", u"1990 \u2014 Andres Gomez ends 10 years of Grand Slam frustration with a 6-3, 2-6, 6-4, 6-4 victory over Andre Agassi to capture the men's title in the French Open for his first Grand Slam championship.", u"1995 \u2014 Trainer D. Wayne Lukas wins a record five straight Triple Crown races as Thunder Gulch takes the Belmont Stakes. Lukas is the first trainer to win the Triple Crown races with two different horses. Lukas' Timber Country won the Preakness.", u"2005 \u2014 Baltimore's 4-3 win over Cincinnati marks the first time that three 500-homer players appear in the same game \u2014 the Orioles' Sammy Sosa (580) and Rafael Palmeiro (559), and the Reds' Ken Griffey, who hits a solo shot in the eighth inning for No. 511.", u'2006 \u2014 Justine Henin-Hardenne wins her fifth Grand Slam title and her third at Roland Garros, beating Svetlana Kuznetsova 6-4, 6-4. The Belgian is the first woman to win consecutive titles at Roland Garros since Steffi Graf in 1995-96, and the first to win three French Open titles in four years since Graf in 1993-96.', u'2006 \u2014 In Atlantic City, N.J., Bernard Hopkins wins a unanimous decision over light heavyweight champion Antonio Tarver, capping an 18-year career with an upset for the ages.', u"2007 \u2014 Roger Federer's bid to complete a career Grand Slam is foiled again by nemesis Rafael Nadal at the French Open. Nadal earns his third Roland Garros title in a row, beating Federer 6-3, 4-6, 6-3, 6-4.", u'2007 \u2014 Suzann Pettersen shoots a 5-under 67 for a one-shot victory over Karrie Webb at the LPGA Championship.', u'2010 \u2014 Southern California is placed on four years probation, receives a two-year bowl ban and a sharp loss of football scholarships. The NCAA cites USC for a lack of institutional control. The NCAA found that Reggie Bush, identified as a "former football student-athlete," was ineligible beginning at least by December 2004. The NCAA also orders USC to vacate every victory in which Bush participated while ineligible. USC loses 30 scholarships over a three-year period, 10 annually from 2011-13.', u'2010 \u2014 The University of Colorado accepts an invitation to join the Pac-10 Conference.', u'2012 \u2014 Shanshan Feng wins the LPGA Championship to become the first Chinese player to win an LPGA Tour title and a major event, closing with a 5-under 67 for a two-stroke victory. Stacy Lewis, Mika Miyazato, Suzann Pettersen and third-round leader Eun-Hee Ji finish in a tie for second.', u"1898 \u2014 Willie Simms becomes the only African American jockey to win the Preakness Stakes when he rides Sly Fox to victory. With this win, Simms becomes the only African American jockey to have won all three Triple Crown races. Simms' other Triple Crown wins took place in the Kentucky Derby (1896, 1898) and Belmont Stakes (1893, 1894).", u'1919 \u2014 Walter Hagen wins the U.S. Open with a one-stroke playoff victory over Michael Brady.', u"1919 \u2014 Sir Barton, ridden by Johnny Loftus, is the first to win thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown, winning the Belmont Stakes.", u'1921 \u2014 Grey Lag, ridden by Earl Sande, wins the first Belmont Stakes ever to be run counter-clockwise. Previous Belmonts were run clockwise over a fish-hook course that included part of the training track and the main dirt oval.', u'1938 \u2014 Ralph Guldahl wins the U.S. Open golf tournament for the second straight year by beating Dick Metz.', u'1949 \u2014 Cary Middlecoff wins the U.S. Open golf tournament by beating Sam Snead and Clayton Heafner.', u"1955 \u2014 Nashua wins the Belmont Stakes with Eddie Arcaro in the saddle. It's the sixth Belmont victory for Arcaro, tying Jimmy McLaughlin's record.", u'1977 \u2014 Seattle Slew, ridden by Jean Cruguet, runs wire to wire in the Belmont for a four-length victory over Run Dusty Run and the Triple Crown.', u'1978 \u2014 Nancy Lopez shoots a record 13-under par to win the LPGA championship by six strokes over Amy Alcott.', u'1982 \u2014 Larry Holmes stops Gerry Cooney in the 13th round for the WBC heavyweight title at Las Vegas.', u'1984 \u2014 The Boston Celtics beat the Los Angeles Lakers 111-102 in Game 7 to win their 15th NBA title.', u'1988 \u2014 Stanford becomes the first team since 1974 to win consecutive titles, with a 9-4 victory over Arizona State in the College World Series.', u'1990 \u2014 Nolan Ryan, 43, pitches the sixth no-hitter of his career as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 5-0. Ryan becomes the first to pitch no-hitters for three different teams and the oldest to throw one.', u"1994 \u2014 For the first time in 11 years, the United States loses in the women's world basketball championships. Guards Hortencia and Paula combine for 61 points, and Brazil stuns the defending champions 110-107 in the semifinals.", u"2001 \u2014 Tennis' Grand Slam tournaments double the number of seeded players to 32, with the order determined using a formula that assesses past performance on the event's playing surface.", u'2006 \u2014 Asafa Powell equals the 100-meter world record he holds with Justin Gatlin with a 9.77-second run at the British Grand Prix.', u'2006 \u2014 Se Ri Pak beats Karrie Webb on the first playoff hole to win the LPGA Championship. Pak atones for a three-putt bogey on the 18th hole in regulation which set up the playoff.', u"2006 \u2014 Rafael Nadal wins his second consecutive French Open title beating Roger Federer in four sets. Nadal spoils Federer's bid for a fourth consecutive Grand Slam championship and extends his record clay-court winning streak to 60 matches.", u'2010 \u2014 Boise State accepts an invitation to join the Mountain West Conference.', u"2010 \u2014 Nebraska's membership in the Big Ten Conference becomes official when the Big Ten's board of presidents and chancellors unanimously approve adding the Cornhuskers.", u'2011 \u2014 Ruler On Ice posts a huge upset in the Belmont Stakes, taking the lead from Preakness Stakes winner Shackleford in the straight and winning the final leg of the Triple Crown. Shackleford leads from the start, but when the field of 12 turn for home in the 1\xbd-mile Belmont, 24-1 long shot Ruler on Ice takes over under Jose Valdivia Jr. to win by three-quarters of a length ahead of Stay Thirsty.', u"2011 \u2014 Texas A&M sweeps the men's and women's titles at the NCAA outdoor championships, becoming the first school to post dual three-peat champions. Villanova's Sheila Reid becomes the first woman to win the 1,500 and 5,000 meters at the same NCAA meet.", u"2012 \u2014 Rafael Nadal wins his record seventh French Open title, returning to Roland Garros to defeat Novak Djokovic 6-4, 6-3, 2-6, 7-5. It's Nadal's 11th Grand Slam title, tying him on the all-time list with Rod Laver and Bjorn Borg, who won six French Open titles.", u'2012 \u2014 The Los Angeles Kings win their first NHL championship, beating the New Jersey Devils 6-1 in Game 6 of the Stanley Cup finals. Jeff Carter and Trevor Lewis score two goals apiece, and Jonathan Quick makes 17 saves in his latest stellar performance for the Kings, the first eighth-seeded playoff team to win the Stanley Cup.', u"1920 \u2014 Man o' War wins the Belmont Stakes, which was run at a distance of 1 3/8-miles, in 2:14 1/5. He shatters the existing world record by 3 1/5 seconds and also sets the American dirt-course record for that distance.", u'1930 \u2014 Max Schmeling beats Jack Sharkey on a fourth-round foul for the vacant heavyweight title in New York. Schmeling becomes the first German \u2014 and European \u2014 heavyweight world champion.', u'1939 \u2014 Byron Nelson wins the U.S. Open in a three-way playoff with Craig Wood and Denny Shute.', u"1948 \u2014 Citation, ridden by Eddie Arcaro, wins the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown with an eight-length victory over Better Self. It's Arcaro's second Triple Crown. He rode Whirlaway in 1941.", u"1948 \u2014 Ben Hogan wins the U.S. Open with a record 276, five lower than Ralph Guldahl's 1937 record.", u"1977 \u2014 Japan's Chako Higuchi wins the LPGA championship by three strokes over Pat Bradley, Sandra Post and Judy Rankin.", u'1981 \u2014 Larry Holmes stops Leon Spinks in the third round for the WBC heavyweight title in Detroit.', u'1983 \u2014 Patty Sheehan wins the LPGA championship by two strokes over Sandra Haynie.', u'1990 \u2014 Egypt, a 500-1 long shot, stuns the Netherlands when Magdi Abdel-Ghani converts a penalty shot with 8 minutes remaining to tie the World Cup favorites 1-1.', u"1991 \u2014 The Chicago Bulls win the first NBA championship in the team's 25-year history with a 108-101 victory in Game 5 over the Los Angeles Lakers. MVP Michael Jordan scores 30 points, Scottie Pippen has 32 and John Paxson 20.", u'1999 \u2014 Cal Ripken is 6-for-6, homering twice and driving in six runs as the Baltimore Orioles score the most runs in franchise history with a 22-1 rout of the Atlanta Braves.', u"2005 \u2014 Annika Sorenstam closes with a 1-over 73 for a three-shot victory over Michelle Wie in the LPGA Championship. The 15-year-old Wie shoots a 69 to finish second. It's the highest finish by an amateur in a major since 20-year-old Jenny Chuasiriporn lost a playoff to Se Ri Pak in the 1998 U.S. Women's Open.", u'2008 \u2014 The Boston Celtics overcome a 24-point deficit and beat the Los Angeles Lakers 97-91 to take a commanding 3-1 lead in the NBA finals. No team has ever overcome more than a 15-point deficit after the first quarter, and the Celtics post the biggest comeback in the finals since 1971.', u"2009 \u2014 Pittsburgh's Max Talbot scores two second-period goals as the Penguins beat the defending champion Detroit Red Wings 2-1 in Game 7 and win the Stanley Cup at Detroit's Joe Louis Arena. Pittsburgh's Evgeni Malkin, the playoff scoring leader with 36 points, earns the Conn Smythe Trophy as the postseason MVP.", u"2011 \u2014 The Dallas Mavericks win their first NBA title by winning Game 6 of the finals in Miami, 105-95. Jason Terry scores 27 points and Dirk Nowitzki adds 21 as the Mavericks win four of the series' last five games.", u'2013 \u2014 Andrew Shaw scores on a deflection in triple overtime to lift the Chicago Blackhawks to a 4-3 victory over the Boston Bruins in a riveting Game 1 of the Stanley Cup finals. The Blackhawks gets third-period goals from Dave Bolland and Oduya to erase a 3-1 deficit.', u'1913 \u2014 James Rowe, who had won back-to-back Belmont Stake races in 1872-3 as a jockey, sets the record for most number of Belmont Stakes wins by a trainer, eight, when he sends Prince Eugene to victory.', u'1935 \u2014 Jim Braddock scores a 15-round unanimous decision over Max Baer in New York to win the world heavyweight title.', u'1953 \u2014 Ben Hogan wins the U.S. Open for the fourth time, with a six-stroke victory over Sam Snead.', u'1959 \u2014 Billy Casper wins the U.S. Open golf tournament over Bob Rosburg.', u'1971 \u2014 Kathy Whitworth wins the LPGA championship by four strokes over Kathy Ahern.', u'1982 \u2014 Jan Stephenson wins the LPGA championship with a two-stroke triumph over Joanne Carner.', u"1991 \u2014 The National, the nation's first all-sports daily newspaper, ceases publication.", u'1992 \u2014 Sergei Bubka of Ukraine breaks his own world outdoor record in the pole vault by soaring 20 feet, one-half inch. The jump is the 30th time that Bubka has set the record indoors or outdoors, surpassing the 29 world records by distance runner Paavo Nurmi of Finland in the 1920s.', u'1993 \u2014 Patty Sheehan wins the LPGA Championship for a third time, with a 2-under 69 for a one-stroke victory over Lauri Merten.', u"1997 \u2014 Chicago wins its fifth NBA championship in the last seven years, as Steve Kerr's last-second shot gives the Bulls a 90-86 Game 6 victory over the Utah Jazz.", u'2003 \u2014 Vijay Singh matches the best score in major championship history, shooting a 7-under 63 for a share of the second-round lead in the U.S. Open with Jim Furyk. Singh and Furyk (66) have 7-under 133 totals, the lowest 36-hole score in the U.S. Open. Singh also had a 63 in the 1993 PGA Championship and joins Greg Norman as the only players to shoot 63 in two majors.', u'2003 \u2014 Roger Clemens reaches 300 wins and becomes the third pitcher with 4,000 strikeouts, leading the New York Yankees over the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2.', u'2010 \u2014 Zenyatta wins her 17th consecutive race, giving her the longest winning streak by a modern day thoroughbred in unrestricted races. The 6-year-old mare, ridden by Hall of Famer Mike Smith, wins the $200,000 Vanity Handicap by a half-length over St Trinians at Hollywood Park. With the victory, Zenyatta surpasses the 16-race winning streaks of Cigar, 1948 Triple Crown winner Citation, and Mister Frisky.', u'2012 \u2014 Matt Cain pitches the 22nd perfect game in major league history and first for San Francisco, striking out a career-high 14 batters and getting help from two running catches by outfielders Melky Cabrera and Gregor Blanco to beat the Houston Astros 10-0.', u"2014 \u2014 The Netherlands thrashes Spain 5-1 in the World Cup's first shocker, toying with an aging team that dominated global football for the past six years and avenging a loss in the 2010 final.", u'2014 \u2014 The Los Angeles Kings wins the Stanley Cup for the second time in three years with a 3-2 victory over the New York Rangers in Game 5. Alec Martinez scores 14:43 into the second overtime to end the longest postseason in franchise history. Jonathan Quick makes 28 saves and Conn Smythe Trophy winner Justin Williams scores an early goal for Los Angeles.', u'End Adv']), ([u'This Date In Baseball'], [u'1885 \u2014 The American Association allowed pitchers to throw overhand.', u'1906 \u2014 The Chicago Cubs scored 11 runs in the first inning off New York Giants aces Christy Mathewson and Joe McGinnity and went on to a 19-0 victory.', u'1931 \u2014 The Philadelphia Athletics left 18 base runners on base and still beat the Detroit Tigers, 12-2.', u'1936 \u2014 The New York Yankees and the Cleveland Indians played 16 innings without recording a strikeout. The Yankees won 5-4.', u"1938 \u2014 Cleveland pitcher Johnny Allen walked off the mound in the second inning and didn't return after plate umpire Bill McGowan wanted Allen's dangling sweat shirt sleeve to be cut off because it was distracting Boston Red Sox hitters. Allen was fined $250 by manager Ossie Vitt and the shirt ended up in the Hall of Fame.", u'1946 \u2014 Chicago pitcher Claude Passeau won his own game with a two-run game-ending homer in the ninth inning against Brooklyn. The Cubs won 2-0.', u'1950 \u2014 The Boston Red Sox collected 42 total bases, including six home runs and 23 hits in a 20-4 rout of the St. Louis Browns. Boston sent 10 men to the plate in the first, second, third and sixth innings.', u"1968 \u2014 Oakland's Blue Moon Odom lost his bid for a no-hitter when Davey Johnson singled with two outs in the ninth inning. Odom settled for a 6-1 win over Baltimore.", u'1970 \u2014 Vic Davalillo of the St. Louis Cardinals got a pinch hit in the seventh inning \u2014 twice \u2014 in the same game. The Cardinals beat the Padres, 10-7.', u"1972 \u2014 Gene Alley's bases-loaded walk gave the Pittsburgh Pirates a 1-0, 18-inning victory over the San Diego Padres.", u'1982 \u2014 Steve Garvey of the Los Angeles Dodgers became the fifth major leaguer to play in 1,000 consecutive games.', u"1983 \u2014 Philadelphia's Steve Carlton struck out Lonnie Smith of the St. Louis Cardinals in the third inning for career strikeout No. 3,522, overtaking Nolan Ryan as the career strikeout king. St. Louis, however, beat the Phillies, 2-1.", u"1989 \u2014 Ernie Whitt had three hits and drove in three runs as the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Milwaukee Brewers 4-2 in the first game in major league history played indoors and outdoors on the same day. With the threat of rain, the SkyDome's $100 million retractable roof was closed.", u'2006 \u2014 Pitcher Jason Grimsley was released by the Arizona Diamondbacks, a day after his home was searched by federal agents following his admission he used human growth hormone, steroids and amphetamines.', u'2006 \u2014 Colorado tied a major league record with five sacrifice flies in a 16-9 win over Pittsburgh. Seattle set the mark against Oakland on Aug. 7, 1988.', u"2007 \u2014 Curt Schilling came within one out of his first career no-hitter, losing his bid when Shannon Stewart lined a clean single to right field in Boston's 1-0 victory over the Oakland Athletics. Schilling retired Mark Ellis on a foul pop to end the third one-hitter of his career.", u'2007 \u2014 Joe Torre became the 10th manager in major league history to get 2,000 victories as the New York Yankees defeated the Chicago White Sox 10-3.', u'2008 \u2014 Johnny Damon went 6-for-6 with a game-winning single in the bottom of the ninth inning, rallying the New York Yankees to a wild 12-11 victory over Kansas City.', u'2009 \u2014 Mark Reynolds hit a three-run homer off infielder Josh Wilson with two outs in the 18th inning, sending Arizona to a 9-6 win over San Diego. The Padres were held hitless through nine extra innings by four relievers. Their only baserunners in extras came on three walks. Jon Rauch pitched one inning, Esmerling Vasquez two, Clay Zavada 2 2-3 and Leo Rosales 3 1-3.', u"Today's birthday: Mark Lowe 32.", u"1914 \u2014 New York's Iron Joe McGinnity posted his 14th straight win beating Pittsburgh 2-0. With the win moved the Giants into first place over Chicago.", u"1927 \u2014 New York's Tony Lazzeri hit three homers in the Yankees 12-11 11-inning win over the Chicago White Sox. Lazzeri's first two homers come off Red Faber and his third was a two-run line drive off George Connally to tie game in the ninth inning. The Yanks were behind 11-6 going into the last inning. New York would win it in the 11th after Cedric Durst tripled Lazzeri was intentionally walked and Ray Morehart singled.", u"1933 \u2014 Philadelphia's Jimmie Foxx homered in his first three at bats all off Lefty Gomez as the A's beat the New York Yankees 14-10. Foxx had homered his last time up the previous day to tie a major league record of hitting four consecutive home runs. Bobby Lowe did it in 1894.", u'1940 \u2014 Harry Craft of Cincinnati connected for a home run, a triple, a double and two singles in seven at-bats to lead a 27-hit attack as the Reds pounded the Dodgers 23-2 at Brooklyn.', u'1950 \u2014 The Boston Red Sox beat the St. Louis Browns 29-4 at Fenway Park and set major league records for runs scored; most long hits, 17 (nine doubles, one triple and seven homers); most total bases, 60; most extra bases on long hits, 32; most runs over two games, 49; most hits in two games, 51, including 28 this game. Bobby Doerr had three homers and 8 RBIs, Walt Dropo hit two homers and drove in seven runs and Ted Williams added two homers and five RBIs.', u"1968 \u2014 Howie Bedell's sacrifice fly in the fifth inning ended Don Drysdale's record streak of 58 2-3 consecutive scoreless innings. The Los Angeles Dodgers beat the Philadelphia Phillies 5-3.", u"1969 \u2014 The New York Yankees' No. 7 was retired on Mickey Mantle Day. A crowd of 60,096 came to Yankee Stadium to honor Mantle and watched the Yankees sweep the Chicago White Sox 3-1 and 11-2.", u"1975 \u2014 Detroit's Tom Veryzer doubled with two out in the ninth to end Oakland's Ken Holtzman's no-hitter. Outfielder Bill North misjudged Veryzer's hit but was not charged with an error. Holtzman retired the last hitter for a 4-0 victory.", u"1986 \u2014 In the longest 9-inning game by time in AL history Baltimore's Lee Lacy went 4-for-6 with three home runs and six RBIs as the Orioles beat the New York Yankees 18-9. The game took 4:16 to complete.", u"1986 \u2014 Montreal's Floyd Youmans pitched a one-hitter and hit his first major league home run as the Expos rout the Phillies 12-0. Youmans walked seven and allowed an infield single to Glenn Wilson in the second for the only hit.", u'1996 \u2014 Warren Morris hit a two-run homer with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning to give Louisiana State a 9-8 victory over Miami in the championship game of the College World Series.', u"2001 \u2014 Damion Easley became the ninth Detroit player to hit for the cycle as the Tigers beat Milwaukee 9-4. Easley hit an RBI double in the third inning, a three-run homer in Detroit's six-run fifth, a single in the sixth and a triple in the eighth.", u"2005 \u2014 Yankees third baseman Alex Rodriguez became the youngest member of the 400-homer club when he hit a solo shot in the eighth inning of New York's 12-3 win over Milwaukee.", u"2007 \u2014 Alfonso Soriano hit three home runs in the first four innings of the Chicago Cubs' 9-1 win over Atlanta.", u"2010 \u2014 Stephen Strasburg exceeded expectations in his much-hyped major league debut, striking out 14 in seven innings to lead the Washington Nationals to a 5-2 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates. Last year's No. 1 overall draft pick allowed four hits, two earned runs and didn't walk a batter, piling up the most strikeouts in a debut since J.R. Richard fanned 15 for Houston in 1971.", u'2012 \u2014 Kevin Millwood and five Seattle relievers combined on a no-hitter, the third in franchise history, and the Mariners beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 1-0. Millwood was cruising through six innings, giving up just one walk. But while warming up for the seventh he felt a twinge in his groin and was pulled from the game. Five relievers combined to finish the no-hitter, capped by Tom Wilhelmsen retiring Andre Ethier on a routine grounder to end it.', u'2012 \u2014 Robinson Cano homered twice and hit one of three straight homers off Johan Santana, leading the New York Yankees to a 9-1 rout of the Mets. Cano hit a two-run shot in the second, then connected again in the third with a runner aboard to begin a string of three consecutive home runs in a span of 11 pitches. Nick Swisher and Andruw Jones followed with homers, the first time Santana had served up three in a row.', u"2013 \u2014 Rajai Davis' RBI single in the 18th inning lifted the Toronto Blue Jays to a 4-3 win over the Texas Rangers in a game that matched the longest in club history for both teams.", u'2013 \u2014 In the longest major league game in more than three years, Adeiny Hechavarria hit an RBI single in the 20th inning and the Miami Marlins outlasted the New York Mets 2-1.', u"Today's birthday: R.J. Alvarez 24; T.J. McFarland 26.", u'1901 \u2014 The New York Giants set a major league record with 31 hits in beating Cincinnati 25-13. Al Selbach of the Giants went 6-for-7 with two doubles and four singles and scored four runs.', u'1906 \u2014 Boston snapped a 19-game losing streak by beating the St. Louis Cardinals 6-3.', u'1914 \u2014 Honus Wagner became the first player in modern baseball to get 3,000 hits.', u'1935 \u2014 The St. Louis Cardinals became the 10th team in major league history to score a run in every inning in a 13-2 win over the Chicago Cubs.', u'1946 \u2014 Commissioner Happy Chandler imposed five-year suspensions on players who jumped to the Mexican League and three-year suspensions for those who broke the reserve clause.', u"1946 \u2014 The New York Giants' Mel Ott became the first manager to be ejected in both ends of a doubleheader. The Pittsburgh Pirates won both games, 2-1 and 5-1.", u'1963 \u2014 Playing the first Sunday night game in major league history because of excessive heat during the day, the Houston Colt .45s handed the San Francisco Giants their seventh straight loss in Houston, 3-0. Turk Farrell and Skinny Brown pitched the shutout.', u'1966 \u2014 Rich Rollins, Zoilo Versalles, Tony Oliva, Don Mincher and Harmon Killebrew homered in the seventh inning for the Minnesota Twins in a 9-4 victory over the Kansas City Athletics.', u"1979 \u2014 California's Nolan Ryan struck out 16 batters as the Angels beat the Detroit Tigers 9-1. It was the 21st time in his career he struck out 15 or more batters in one game.", u'1986 \u2014 Chicago pitcher Tom Seaver (306) and California Angels hurler Don Sutton (298) had the highest composite win total (604) for opposing pitchers since 1926, when Walter Johnson (406) faced Red Faber (197). Sutton pitched a two-hit shutout to beat the White Sox 3-0.', u"1990 \u2014 Eddie Murray of the Los Angeles Dodgers tied Mickey Mantle's record by homering from each side of the plate in the same game for the 10th time in his career. The Dodgers beat the Padres 5-4 in 11 innings.", u"1998 \u2014 Cecil Fielder of the Angels and Yamil Benitez of the Diamondbacks each hit grand slams in the same inning in Anaheim's 10-8 win over Arizona. It was the first time both teams hit grand slams in the same inning since 1992.", u"2008 \u2014 Ken Griffey Jr. became the sixth player in baseball history to reach 600 homers with a drive off Mark Hendrickson in the first inning of the Cincinnati Reds' 9-4 victory over the Florida Marlins. Griffey joined Barry Bonds, Hank Aaron, Babe Ruth, Willie Mays and Sammy Sosa as the only players to reach the mark.", u'2008 \u2014 Nick Swisher homered from both sides of the plate and the Chicago White Sox beat the Minnesota Twins 7-5. Swisher hit a solo home run from the right side in the fourth inning against Glen Perkins. Swisher turned around and connected as a lefty for a two-run shot in the sixth against Jesse Crain.', u"2014 \u2014 Lonnie Chisenhall had nine RBIs and three home runs in a five-hit game, Michael Brantley scored five times and the Cleveland Indians beat the Texas Rangers 17-7. Chisenhall had two-run homers in the second and fourth innings before hitting a three-run shot down the right field line in the eighth to give the Indians a 17-6 lead. Chisenhall is the fourth major league player since RBIs became a statistic in 1920 to have at least five hits, nine RBIs and three homers in a game. He was the first since Boston's Fred Lynn did it in 1975.", u"Today's birthdays: Joe Kelly 27; Zac Rosscup 27.", u"1921 \u2014 Babe Ruth of the New York Yankees became baseball's career home run leader by hitting his 120th off Cleveland's Jim Bagby in the third inning. The Indians took the game 8-6.", u'1944 \u2014 Joe Nuxhall, at 15 years, 10 months and 11 days, became the youngest player in major league history when he pitched 2-3 of an inning for the Cincinnati Reds in an 18-0 loss to the St. Louis Cardinals.', u"1959 \u2014 Rocky Colavito of Cleveland hit four consecutive home runs at Baltimore's Memorial Stadium, a tough home run park. Billy Martin and Minnie Minoso also homered in the Indians' 11-8 victory.", u"1966 \u2014 Cleveland's Sonny Siebert threw the only no-hitter of the year as the Indians beat the Washington Senators 2-0.", u"1972 \u2014 Hank Aaron's grand slam pushed the Atlanta Braves to a 15-3 rout over the Philadelphia Phillies. It was Aaron's 649th home run, moving him ahead of Willie Mays into second place on the career home run list. It was also his 14th grand slam, tying Gil Hodges' NL record.", u"1981 \u2014 Pete Rose's single in the first inning off Nolan Ryan gave him 3,630 hits, tying Stan Musial's NL record. Philadelphia beat Houston 5-4 before more than 57,000 at Veterans Stadium.", u'1997 \u2014 Kevin Brown threw a no-hitter and kept himself from a perfect game by hitting a batter in the eighth inning, leading the Florida Marlins over the San Francisco Giants 9-0.', u"2000 \u2014 Darin Erstad hit a double in the Anaheim Angels' 10-3 win over Arizona to give him a major league-leading 100 hits in 61 games. He became the fastest to reach the 100-hit mark since Heinie Manush did it in 60 games for the 1934 Washington Senators.", u"2005 \u2014 Baltimore's 4-3 win over Cincinnati marked the first time that three 500-homer players appeared in the same game \u2014 the Orioles' Sammy Sosa (580) and Rafael Palmeiro (559), and the Reds' Ken Griffey, who hit a solo shot in the eighth inning for No. 511.", u"2006 \u2014 Reggie Sanders became the fifth player in major league history with 300 homers and 300 stolen bases when he hit a two-run shot in Kansas City's 9-5 loss to Tampa Bay. Sanders homered off Chad Harville in the ninth to reach the milestone joining Barry Bonds, Willie Mays, Andre Dawson and Bobby Bonds.", u"2008 \u2014 The matchup between Greg Maddux and Dodgers rookie Clayton Kershaw was the largest gap in career wins between two starters since Aug. 25, 1965, when San Francisco's Warren Spahn (361 wins) faced the Mets' Darrell Sutherland (one). Maddux, who was denied his 351st victory, outpitched the rookie. Maddux, 42, was winning 18 games in his second full season in the majors when Kershaw, 20, was born in 1988.", u"2010 \u2014 Jonathon Niese pitched a one-hitter for his first career complete game and the New York Mets overcame a triple play to beat the San Diego Padres 3-0 for a doubleheader split. Niese allowed only Chris Denorfia's leadoff double in the third inning. He faced 28 batters, one more than the minimum, in New York's first complete game this season.", u'2011 \u2014 Tony La Russa managed his 5,000th game when the St. Louis Cardinals lost to the Milwaukee Brewers 8-0. La Russa complied a 2,676-2,320-4 career record with the White Sox, Athletics and Cardinals. Only Connie Mack managed more games with 7,755 over 53 years.', u'2012 \u2014 Frankie Vanderka threw a three-hitter, Travis Jankowski had four hits and Stony Brook completed an improbable run to the College World Series with a 7-2 victory over LSU in the deciding game of the Baton Rouge super regional. Stony Brook became only the second team to open the tournament as a No. 4 seed in the regional round and advance to the World Series. The first was Fresno State during its stunning 2008 run to a national title.', u"2014 \u2014 Miami beat Texas 8-5 for its record-tying 13th consecutive interleague victory. The 13-game interleague winning streak matched the major league record shared by the New York Yankees and Tampa Bay Rays, who both reached that mark in 2004. The Marlins' streak was snapped the next day with a 6-0 loss to the Rangers.", u"Today's birthday: Al Alburquerque 29.", u'1904 \u2014 Bob Wicker of the Chicago Cubs pitched 9 1-3 hitless innings before Sam Mertes of the New York Giants singled. Wicker won a 1-0, 12-inning one-hitter.', u'1938 \u2014 Johnny Vander Meer hurled the first of two consecutive no-hitters as the Cincinnati Reds beat the Boston Braves 3-0.', u'1967 \u2014 The Chicago Cubs hit seven homers and the New York Mets four in the second game of a doubleheader, tying the major league record set by the New York Yankees (6) and Detroit Tigers (5) in 1950. Adolfo Phillips hit four home runs in the doubleheader for Chicago.', u"1981 \u2014 Following Seattle's 8-2 win over Baltimore, major league players went on strike.", u'1985 \u2014 Von Hayes became the first player in major league history to hit two home runs in the first inning. Hayes connected twice in a nine-run first, powering the Philadelphia Phillies to a 26-7 victory over the New York Mets.', u'1990 \u2014 Nolan Ryan pitched the sixth no-hitter of his career, extending his major league record, as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 5-0. Ryan was the first to pitch no-hitters for three teams and, at 43, the oldest to throw one.', u'1995 \u2014 Mark McGwire hit three home runs in consecutive at-bats and tied the major league record of five homers in consecutive games, leading the Oakland Athletics over the Boston Red Sox 8-1.', u"1995 \u2014 Lee Smith set a major league record with a save in his 16th consecutive appearance, pitching a scoreless ninth inning to preserve the California Angels' 5-4 victory over Baltimore. Smith broke the mark of 15 straight set by Doug Jones in 1988.", u'1997 \u2014 Roger Clemens lost for the first time after 11 straight wins to open the season as the Seattle Mariners topped the Toronto Blue Jays 5-1.', u'2002 \u2014 Jared Sandberg became the 16th AL player to homer twice in an inning, and the third this season, as Tampa Bay beat Los Angeles 11-2.', u"2003 \u2014 Houston's Roy Oswalt, Pete Munro, Kirk Saarloos, Brad Lidge, Octavio Dotel and Billy Wagner combined for the first no-hitter against the New York Yankees in 45 years, winning 8-0. The sextet set a record for the highest number of pitchers to throw a no-hitter in major league history \u2014 four accomplished the feat twice.", u"2009 \u2014 Shin-Soo Choo hit an RBI single that glanced off a gull and gave Cleveland a 4-3 win over Kansas City. Choo's bouncing base hit flattened a low-flying gull in the 10th inning and rolled past Kansas City's center fielder and Mark DeRosa scored from second base without a throw. The stunned bird flopped around for a few seconds before finally flying off.", u"Today's birthdays: Brock Holt 27; Ezequiel Carrera 28; Jose Reyes 32.", u'1922 \u2014 Hub Pruett struck out Babe Ruth three consecutive times as the St. Louis Browns beat the New York Yankees 7-1.', u'1928 \u2014 Lou Gehrig of the New York Yankees had two triples and two homers in a 15-7 victory over the Chicago White Sox.', u'1939 \u2014 The Baseball Hall of Fame was officially dedicated at Cooperstown, N.Y.', u"1954 \u2014 Milwaukee's Jim Wilson pitched the year's only no-hitter, blanking the Philadelphia Phillies 2-0.", u"1959 \u2014 The San Francisco Giant's Mike McCormick tossed a 3-0, five-inning no-hitter against the Philadelphia Phillies. Richie Ashburn singled in the top of the sixth for the Phillies, but the hit didn't count because the game was stopped by rain.", u'1970 \u2014 Dock Ellis of the Pittsburgh Pirates hurled a 2-0 no-hitter in the first game of a doubleheader against the San Diego Padres. Ellis walked eight and hit a batter, and Willie Stargell hit two homers.', u"1981 \u2014 Thirteen games were canceled due to the players' strike.", u'1997 \u2014 After 126 years, baseball broke its tradition and played interleague games.', u'1999 \u2014 Cal Ripken went 6-for-6, homering twice and driving in six runs as the Baltimore Orioles scored the most runs in franchise history with a 22-1 rout of the Atlanta Braves.', u'2005 \u2014 Hee-Seop Choi hit three homers in his first three at-bats, including a go-ahead solo shot in the sixth, to lead the Los Angeles Dodgers past Minnesota 4-3.', u'2006 \u2014 Jason Grimsley was suspended 50 games by Major League Baseball, less than a week after federal agents raided his home during an investigation into performance-enhancing drugs.', u"2006 \u2014 Chicago's Jose Contreras won his 15th straight start and struck out a career-high 11 batters to help the White Sox defeat Texas 8-3.2007 \u2014 Justin Verlander mixing 99 mph heat with crazy curveballs pitched a no-hitter to lead the Detroit Tigers over the Milwaukee Brewers 4-0. Verlander struck out a career-high 12, walked four and benefited from several stellar defensive plays.", u"2009 \u2014 Chicago right fielder Milton Bradley had a bad day at Wrigley Field. Bradley lost Jason Kubel's pop-up in the sun for a single, couldn't catch Michael Cuddyer's RBI bloop double, made a baserunning blunder and, most egregiously, flipped the ball into the stands after catching Mauer's one-out sac fly. With Nick Punto on third, Brendan Harris on first, Bradley caught Mauer's fly, posed for several seconds and threw the baseball into the seats. As Punto scored easily to make it 6-3, Harris was awarded third base on Bradley's error as boos rained down from every section of the ballpark.", u"2009 \u2014 New York Mets second baseman Luis Castillo dropped Alex Rodriguez's lazy popup with two outs in the ninth inning as two runs scored, helping the Yankees escape with a wild 9-8 victory over the Mets.", u'2010 \u2014 Daniel Nava hit the first pitch he saw as a big leaguer for a grand slam \u2014 only the second player to do it \u2014 leading the Boston Red Sox to a 10-2 rout of the Philadelphia Phillies. Nava connected on a fastball from Joe Blanton in the second inning. Kevin Kouzmanoff hit a slam on the first pitch he saw Sept. 2, 2006, for Cleveland against Texas.', u"2012 \u2014 Alex Rodriguez has hit his 23rd career grand slam, matching Yankees Hall of Famer Lou Gehrig for most in baseball history. Rodriguez hit a full-count pitch from Atlanta's Jonny Venters in the eighth inning into the left field seats to tie the game at 4. It was A-Rod's first slam this season and his 10th homer overall.", u"Today's birthdays: Avisail Garcia 24; George Kontos 30.", u'1905 \u2014 Christy Mathewson of the New York Giants pitched his second no-hit game, beating the Chicago Cubs and Mordecai Brown 1-0. Mathewson and Brown matched no-hitters for eight innings. The Giants got two hits in the ninth for the win.', u'1912 \u2014 Christy Mathewson recorded his 300th career victory with a 3-2 triumph over the Chicago Cubs.', u'1921 \u2014 Babe Ruth of the New York Yankees pitched the first five innings and hit two home runs in an 11-8 victory over the Detroit Tigers.', u"1948 \u2014 Babe Ruth Day at Yankee Stadium drew 49,641 fans who saw Ruth's No. 3 retired and the Yankees beat the Cleveland Indians 5-3.", u'1957 \u2014 Ted Williams of the Boston Red Sox hit three home runs and drove in five runs in a 9-3 victory over the Cleveland Indians as Williams became the first AL player to have two three-homer games in a season.', u"1973 \u2014 The Los Angeles Dodgers' infield of Steve Garvey (first base), Davey Lopes (second base), Ron Cey (third base) and Bill Russell (shortstop) played together for the first time in a 16-3 loss to the Philadelphia Phillies. The quartet would set a major league record for longevity by playing 8 1/2 years in the same infield.", u"2001 \u2014 Texas' Ruben Sierra homered from both sides of the plate for the sixth time in his career, but the Rangers lost 5-3 to the Dodgers.", u'2003 \u2014 Roger Clemens reached 300 wins and became the third pitcher with 4,000 strikeouts, leading the New York Yankees over the St. Louis Cardinals 5-2. Clemens, the 21st pitcher to make it to 300, allowed two runs in 6 2-3 innings and struck out 10, raising his total to 4,006. Clemens joined Nolan Ryan (5,714) and Steve Carlton (4,136) in the 4,000-strikeout club.', u"2008 \u2014 Chase Utley, Ryan Howard and Pat Burrell hit consecutive home runs in the first inning of Philadelphia's 20-2 rout of St. Louis.", u"2009 \u2014 Torii Hunter of the Angels hit three consecutive solo homers in Los Angeles' 9-1 win over San Diego.", u"2012 \u2014 Matt Cain pitched the 22nd perfect game in major league history and first for San Francisco, striking out a career-high 14 batters and getting help from two running catches to beat the Houston Astros 10-0. Cain's 125-pitch masterpiece featured a pair of great plays by his corner outfielders. Left fielder Melky Cabrera chased down Chris Snyder's one-out flyball in the sixth, scurrying back to make a leaping catch on the warning track. Right fielder Gregor Blanco ran into right-center to make a diving catch on the warning track and rob Jordan Schafer for the first out of the seventh.", u"2012 \u2014 R.A. Dickey allowed only an infield single during his second career one-hitter and broke the New York Mets' record for consecutive scoreless innings in a 9-1 victory over the Tampa Bay Rays. Dickey (10-1) became the first 10-game winner in the major leagues and ran his career-best shutout streak to 32 2-3 innings before yielding an unearned run in the ninth.", u"Today's birthdays: James McCann 25; Drew Smyly 26; Jonathan Lucroy 29; Pedro Strop 30.", u'End Adv']), ([u'Brittney Griner Seeking Annulment'], [u' filed papers seeking to annul her 28-day marriage to Glory Johnson. \u201cIn the week prior to the wedding, I attempted to postpone the wedding several times until I completed counseling, but I still went through with it,\u201d Griner said in a statement to ESPN. \u201cI now realize that was a mistake.\u201d', u'Griner and Johnson, both ', u' stars, married on May 9, three weeks after both were arrested in Arizona on domestic violence charges. Johnson announced Thursday that she was pregnant.', u'\u25a0 Arn Tellem, one of the most powerful agents in sports, agreed to become the vice chairman of Palace Sports and Entertainment, the company that owns the Detroit Pistons. Tellem will be responsible for business strategy, public affairs, and planning and development. SCOTT CACCIOLA', u'\u25a0 St. John\u2019s guard Rysheed Jordan has left school to pursue professional opportunities. The 6-foot-4 Jordan averaged 14.1 points in 31 games last season. (AP)']), ([u'Woods Barely Makes Cut'], [u'David Lingmerth had a seven-under-par 65 at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, and a one-shot lead going into a weekend that will include ', u' \u2014 but just barely. On his final hole Woods got up and down from 40 yards with a 6-foot par putt for a 70 to make the cut on the number.', u'\u25a0 Suzann Pettersen shot a seven-under 65 for a share of the second-round lead with Mariajo Uribe in the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic in Cambridge, Ontario.']), ([u'Two Rangers Have Surgery'], [u' defensemen Marc Staal and Dan Girardi have had ankle surgery, and the team said they should be ready for training camp. Both defensemen played throughout the playoffs, which ended for the Rangers with a Game 7 loss last week to Tampa Bay in the Eastern Conference finals. The Rangers did not announce that either was injured while the team was playing.', u'\u25a0 The ', u' and Nassau County announced a partnership to upgrade Cantiague Park in Hicksville, N.Y., and make it the team\u2019s practice home. The Islanders will invest $5.1 million to improve the public ice rink, incorporating new locker rooms and a pro shop. It was unclear when the new rink would be available. ALLAN KREDA', u'\u25a0 Don Sweeney, the ', u'\u2019 rookie general manager, said Coach Claude Julien would stay for a ninth season. The decision ended nearly two months of uncertainty over Julien\u2019s future after the Bruins\u2019 front-office shake-up this spring. Julien has a 351-192-79 record with Boston.']), ([u'Life in Jeopardy as Broken Bat Hits Boston Fan'], [u'BOSTON \u2014  A woman was taken to the hospital after a broken bat hit her in the head Friday night at Fenway Park, and the police said she had sustained injuries that threatened her life.', u'The fan was carried out of the ballpark on a stretcher after the top of the second inning during a game between the Oakland Athletics and the ', u'. She was hit when Oakland\u2019s Brett Lawrie broke his bat on a groundout to second base for the second out of the inning.', u'After the third out, the game was delayed while the fan was tended to in the stands between home plate and the third-base dugout.', u'Though dozens of baseball fans are struck by foul balls each season, there has been only one fatality, according to baseball researchers \u2014 a 14-year-old boy killed by a line-drive foul off the bat of Manny Mota at Dodger Stadium in 1970.']), ([u'Isiah Thomas Era Opens With Liberty Defeating Atlanta'], [u'Once thought to be in a state of permanent exile from Madison Square Garden, Isiah Thomas returned Friday night in his new capacity as president of the ', u'\u2019s Liberty.', u'The Liberty celebrated the start of their season by rolling past the Atlanta Dream, 82-73. But the occasion was also marked by a group of about 20 protesters who assembled before the game and then sat in Section 109, wearing T-shirts that read, \u201cI Am Anucha Browne.\u201d', u'Thomas, just weeks into his tenure with the team, has brought his share of turbulence with him. In 2007, a federal jury in Manhattan found that Thomas had sexually discriminated against Browne, a female executive, during his tenure with the Knicks, whose ownership also runs the Liberty.', u'Nevin Caple, 35, helped organize the protest through her role as executive director of ', u'. Caple said she was demanding that Thomas publicly apologize to Browne.', u'\u201cHe is not qualified to lead a community he has victimized,\u201d Caple said of Thomas before the game. \u201cAnd he poses a threat to all women in the W.N.B.A.\u201d', u'Thomas, who answered questions for about 10 minutes before the game, declined to comment on the protesters or the lawsuit. Instead, he referred repeatedly to a winding statement that Madison Square Garden had released earlier in the day in response to criticisms levied by the Women\u2019s Sports Foundation over Thomas\u2019s role with the Liberty.', u'Thomas, the statement said, had never admitted guilt or wrongdoing in the case involving Browne and \u201cdid not pay anything\u201d after Browne \u201cvoluntarily dismissed her complaint.\u201d', u'Browne won an $11.5 million judgment against Madison Square Garden after she accused Thomas of harassment.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not here to talk about the past,\u201d Thomas said. \u201cThe statement speaks for itself.\u201d', u'Thomas\u2019s petition for partial ownership of the Liberty was still being vetted by a committee of owners from the W.N.B.A.\u2019s Board of Governors.', u'James L. Dolan, the chairman of Madison Square Garden, sat courtside for the game. Coach Bill Laimbeer said recently that Dolan did not attend any of the team\u2019s games last season.', u'The Liberty, whose preseason was overshadowed by the hiring of Thomas, were able to focus on the game. Behind Tina Charles and Swin Cash, the Liberty ran out to a 13-point lead at halftime and thwarted every rally the Dream could muster. Charles finished with 17 points, and Cash had 15. Boyd and Tanisha Wright each added 14 points.', u'Angel McCoughtry had a game-high 27 points for the Dream.', u'The win was a solid start for the Liberty, who have not qualified for the playoffs the last two seasons.', u'Cash said the team dealt with a lot of change during the preseason \u2014 change purely from a basketball standpoint, with several new players added.', u'\u201cWe were working hard in practices, and I was just so happy that we came out and showed who we were,\u201d Cash said. \u201cThat was the one thing we wanted to do, is show the league and everyone what kind of team we\u2019re going to be.', u'\u201cAnd I thought we did that tonight.\u201d']), ([u'Bringing In the Righty. And the Lefty.'], [u'Nearly 20 years ago Greg Harris, a journeyman reliever, finally fulfilled his dream to pitch with each hand in a major league game. In the ', u' to the Cincinnati Reds on Sept. 28, 1995, Harris, then with the Montreal Expos, came into the game as a right-hander and retired Reggie Sanders on his first pitch. He switched to his left arm to walk Hal Morris and retire Eddie Taubensee, then was back to his right to induce a groundout from Bret Boone.', u'Harris\u2019s ability to exploit matchup advantages might have seemed revolutionary, but the experiment did not last long. He pitched in just one other game, using only his right hand, then retired having thrown 1,466 innings as a right-hander and one as the modern era\u2019s first switch-pitcher. (Harris was also a switch-hitter.)', u'With Friday\u2019s call-up of Pat Venditte by the ', u', baseball has its second switch-pitcher.', u'In his eighth professional season, Venditte turns 30 this month and stretches the definition of the word prospect, but he has proved effective in the minor leagues, compiling a 2.37 E.R.A. for his career and striking out an impressive 10 batters per nine innings pitched. His numbers should be taken with a grain of salt; he has often been far older than his competition \u2014 including this season, when he was 3.1 years older than the average pitcher in the Pacific Coast League. But as a long reliever who can adapt to whichever side a batter hits from, he may provide some versatility in the Oakland bullpen.', u'Venditte got off to a good start Friday, switch-pitching two scoreless innings against Boston.', u'Given the various strategies tried over the years in hopes of gaining an advantage, the scarcity of switch-pitching is somewhat surprising, making a case that mastering pitching with each hand is truly a rare skill, and rendering Venditte\u2019s effectiveness from both sides even more remarkable. This season, in 192/3 innings as a right-hander, he held opponents to a .208 batting average. In 131/3 innings as a left-hander, he was even better, holding them to .095. Last season, in 26 appearances for the Yankees\u2019 Class AAA Scranton/Wilkes-Barre affiliate, Venditte allowed a .250 batting average with each arm.', u'For an ', u' article in 2000, Jerome Holtzman, the longtime Chicago sports columnist and former official Major League Baseball historian, found several instances of switch-pitching, with the most recent one before Harris coming in 1893. But other pitchers, including Tug McGraw with the Mets, reportedly lobbied to try it in a regular-season game.', u'In his first appearance, Venditte was able to give a brief demonstration of Rule 5.07(f), which requires a switch-pitcher to declare which arm he will use before a batter steps to the plate. The rule was meant to avoid a standoff with the pitcher and the hitter refusing to pick sides. With the switch-hitting Blake Swihart approaching the plate as a right-handed batter, Venditte indicated he would pitch with his right hand, and Swihart went back to the dugout for his lefty-hitting helmet.', u'Having joined Harris in the record book as a modern switch-pitcher, Venditte now gets a chance to prove that the strategy can be sustainable.']), ([u'Daniel Murphy Heads to D.L. on Day of Losses for Mets'], [u'PHOENIX \u2014  When the ', u'\u2019 clubhouse opened Friday, ', u'\u2019s jersey and pants hung in his locker, as if he would be playing that night. Perhaps it was the product of wishful thinking. But when a player\u2019s health is involved, not much has gone right for the Mets this season, and this was nothing more than a tease.', u'The Mets somehow started the day in first place in the National League East. Before their game against the Diamondbacks, though, they dealt with a day\u2019s worth of bad news. Murphy, an infielder, was placed on the 15-day disabled list with a strained quadriceps. ', u', a catcher, was examined for a virus. And Manager Terry Collins hinted that he would abandon the strategy of using a six-man rotation less than a week after adopting it. Such a move would force a starter to the bullpen.', u'\u201cOh, I\u2019m feeling great,\u201d Collins said. \u201cI\u2019ve had a real nice day.\u201d', u'And this was hours before the Mets lost, 7-2.', u'Collins now has 11 key contributors on the disabled list or suspended, and only when the names are read in succession, perhaps, does the reality of the Mets\u2019 current state truly sink in: Murphy, David Wright, Travis d\u2019Arnaud, Zack Wheeler, Bobby Parnell, Vic Black, Jerry Blevins, Jenrry Mejia, Josh Edgin, Rafael Montero and Dilson Herrera.', u'In the last week, Lucas Duda and Michael Cuddyer have also missed games because of minor injuries.', u'Murphy had been one of the few players keeping the offense afloat. After starting the season slowly, he batted .330 in May. The Mets (30-26) did not have a timeline for his return.', u'\u201cThe news could have been worse,\u201d Murphy said. Collins, though, noted that \u201cDavid\u2019s hamstring wasn\u2019t very serious, either.\u201d', u'Plawecki\u2019s status was day to day.', u'All these injuries reminded Collins of a similar situation he experienced when he was a minor league manager. Between games of a doubleheader, he said, he once had to activate himself and his pitching coach. Collins was asked if he played. \u201cUnfortunately, yes,\u201d he replied.', u'If the Mets did not seem disjointed enough, Collins also suggested that he would return to a more traditional rotation before the new six-man rotation had completed two turns.', u'Collins did not make his reasoning completely clear. He has met many times with Dan Warthen, the pitching coach, designing the six-man rotation as a way to limit Matt Harvey\u2019s innings. But it has become a frequent topic of conversation over the last week, and Collins appeared exasperated about that.', u'Collins joked that his wife had started asking about it, that he would go to a two-man rotation, that he was sick of meeting with Warthen. The humor seemed to comfort him. Turning serious, Collins indicated that one of his starters would shift to the bullpen.', u'\u201cI\u2019m just tired of answering the questions,\u201d Collins said.', u'Asked directly if Jon Niese was pitching for his job Friday, Collins said no. But Niese had posted a 9.00 E.R.A. over his last four starts, and he and Dillon Gee seemed to be on the fringes of a rotation that was slowly being loaded with young, quality arms.', u'For a while, Niese (3-6) pitched as if it were an audition. He breezed through the first five innings on 62 pitches, striking out six batters, taking a firm grip on a 2-1 lead. At one point, he dived to field a bunt and made a spectacular throw to first.', u'By coincidence, Steven Matz, the next prospect poised to join the Mets\u2019 rotation, a left-hander like Niese, was also pitching Friday, but for Class AAA Las Vegas. Matz threw six solid innings, allowing only one run, striking out five and lowering his E.R.A. to 1.94.', u'Once Niese reached the sixth inning, he looked tired. He allowed three consecutive hits \u2014 to A. J. Pollock, Paul Goldschmidt and Yasmany Tomas \u2014 and two runs. Once Niese had surrendered the lead, he adjusted his jersey, pursed his lips, and retook the mound. He finished the inning, but Collins removed him from the game after that.']), ([u'Yankees Survive a Six-Run Rally by the Angels '], [u'It was a harmless infield pop-up in the languorous conclusion of a blowout game.', u'Trailing by 8-1 in the ninth inning, the ', u' pulled their two biggest sluggers, Mike Trout and Albert Pujols. The ', u' brought in Esmil Rogers. It was mop-up duty.', u'And then the fly ball from Grant Green crashed to earth between first baseman Chase Headley and second baseman Jose Pirela, eliciting groans from the crowd that would only grow louder as more and more Angels base runners came aboard.', u'A run scored, then another. The day had begun with the Yankees talking about preserving their pitchers\u2019 arms. Now they were forced to use Dellin Betances.', u'\u201cIt got a little dicey there,\u201d Manager Joe Girardi said, understating the matter.', u'The Angels loaded the bases with the tying run on second base with one out, but shortstop Didi Gregorius dived to his right to make a stop and a forceout at second, most likely a game-saving play. Betances rallied to strike out Carlos Perez to end the game, an 8-7 win at Yankee Stadium.', u'\u201cIf he didn\u2019t make that play,\u201d Betances said of Gregorius, \u201cI feel like I\u2019d still be throwing pitches out there.\u201d', u'As it was, Betances threw 33 pitches on what was supposed to be an off night. The Yankees built an 8-1 lead thanks to two home runs from Stephen Drew and four hits from Alex Rodriguez, who passed Barry Bonds for second on the career R.B.I. list with 1,997.', u'Six hours earlier, the Yankees announced that Michael Pineda would be skipping his scheduled start on Sunday. It will be 11 days between starts for Pineda, the pitcher who has performed best for the Yankees so far this season.', u'Resting starters is a consideration in clubhouses throughout the major leagues, but nowhere is it as evident as in New York. Recently, the Mets designed \u2014 then evidently abandoned \u2014 plans for a six-man rotation to relieve the strain on their young pitchers\u2019 arms.', u'Now the Yankees are tinkering with a like-minded scheme that they hope can keep the 26-year-old Pineda fresh until the fall. They are taking advantage of a scheduling quirk \u2014 three off-days in eight days \u2014 to give Pineda a breather. And they plan to keep doing so, thanks to a glut of arms already filling the rotation.', u'Pineda, who has thrown 701/3 innings, is on pace for well over 200 this season. He has not thrown more than 170 innings since 2011.', u'Girardi and General Manager Brian Cashman insisted Pineda was healthy. Rather, Girardi said it was an opportunity for Pineda to get additional rest, understanding the need to be cautious with a pitcher who missed the 2012 and 2013 seasons after shoulder surgery, and much of 2014 with a different shoulder injury.', u'\u201cIn a perfect world, you don\u2019t want to do it,\u201d Girardi said. \u201cBut you have to measure what he\u2019s been through physically and how many innings he already has.\u201d', u'Asked if the Yankees might consider a six-man rotation when Ivan Nova returns from Tommy John surgery, Cashman said that decision would be up to Girardi and the pitching coach Larry Rothschild.', u'The Yankees declined to announce any innings limit for Pineda, but both Girardi and Cashman indicated that his pace was untenable.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a long season,\u201d Cashman said. \u201cWe don\u2019t want to make it any longer by forgetting that you want to protect people and take care of people and not run them into the ground.\u201d']), ([u'Women\u2019s World Cup 2015: Door Opens for 24 Teams'], [u'Canada plays China in Edmonton, Alberta, to kick off the tournament at 6 p.m. Saturday as the first game of a doubleheader, with New Zealand against the Netherlands to follow. Fox Sports will broadcast each of the tournament\u2019s 52 games live.', u'The Women\u2019s World Cup has been expanded to 24 teams from 16 for the first time, and this year there are eight first-time entrants. The top two finishers in each of the six groups, as well as four third-place finishers, will advance to the knockout rounds.', u'Germany has won two of the past three World Cups and the last six European championships, so it is first among equals until someone proves otherwise. The United States is a natural rival, but the teams have kept their distance since the last World Cup, meeting twice in 2012 and twice more in 2013. (Three of those games ended in ties.) But the days of one or two dominant teams are long gone. France has beaten several serious contenders in the past year; Japan is the defending champion; Sweden, Norway and Brazil figure to be tough outs; and it is high time a newcomer broke into the top tier.', u'The United States opens the World Cup on Monday against Australia in Winnipeg, Manitoba, then plays Sweden (Friday) and Nigeria (June 16). If the Americans win their group \u2014 not a certainty with Sweden in it \u2014 they will play a round of 16 match on June 22 against a third-place group finisher, and will probably avoid France and Germany until the semifinals. If they finish second, however, they may face Brazil in their first knockout-round game.', u'The United States\u2019 quest for its first World Cup title since 1999 will hover over the team for as long as it is in the tournament, and there is optimism that it will make a strong run at the trophy. Why not? The United States has never failed to reach the semifinals, and it lost on penalties in 2011. But its midfield struggles to dominate games, and its best player, Alex Morgan, will be \u2014 where exactly? Nursing a bone bruise, Morgan has not played in eight weeks. The good news is the United States has the deepest roster in the tournament, and thus the option to rest, replace or rotate any number of players in any number of ways. \u201cDon\u2019t freak out,\u201d forward Abby Wambach has been telling anyone who will listen. \u201cWe\u2019ll be fine.\u201d']), ([u'Caught Between Fresh Horses and Triple Crown Tradition'], [u'When eight thoroughbreds break from the post at Belmont Park on Saturday, American Pharoah will be the only one who has run in all three legs of the ', u'.', u'Seven fresh (or at least fresher) horses will be trying to ruin yet another ', u' contender\u2019s bid for history.', u'This seems neither fair nor sporting, like Usain Bolt having to face sprinters who have skipped the heats and jumped straight into the Olympic 100-meter final, or the Cleveland Cavaliers skipping three playoff rounds and advancing directly to the N.B.A. finals.', u'Racing\u2019s fresh-horse dilemma is not new, but it reflects an intriguing moral, political and economic conundrum in an industry that has been attacked for its treatment and mistreatment of animals as it wages an increasingly desperate fight to remain relevant.', u'After last year\u2019s ', u', Steve Coburn, a co-owner of California Chrome who was frustrated that his horse\u2019s Triple Crown hopes had just been dashed by the lightly raced Tonalist, complained that \u201cthis is a coward\u2019s way out.\u201d He said that horses who have not participated in the first two legs of the Triple Crown should not be allowed to jump in on the third. A number of trainers have chosen to borrow Coburn\u2019s phrase, \u201cthe coward\u2019s way.\u201d', u'Of the horses who have upset Triple Crown hopefuls at the Belmont since the last Triple Crown winner \u2014 Affirmed in 1978 \u2014 only three had also run in the ', u' and the ', u' Stakes:', u'\u25a0 In 1987, Bet Twice, after finishing second to Alysheba at Churchill Downs and Pimlico, prevailed at Belmont.', u'\u25a0 In 1989, Easy Goer beat Sunday Silence, after also finishing second twice.', u'\u25a0 In 1998, Victory Gallop also ran second twice before beating Real Quiet.', u'Shug McGaughey, who trained Easy Goer, dismissed Coburn\u2019s postrace complaints.', u'\u201cI thought it was ridiculous,\u201d he said. \u201cThese guys are training these horses, trying to do the best they can for the horse, and for the safety of the horse and to get them to the race the best way they possibly can. That\u2019s a trainer\u2019s responsibility.\u201d', u'Yet the industry must do what it can to stay relevant and attract the casual fan. Nothing would do that like a Triple Crown winner, or, failing that, a rivalry between horses and jockeys who have faced one another in all three Triple Crown races.', u'But making substantive change has been the Achilles\u2019 heel of a fractured industry with no central leadership. And so as with nearly everything else in racing, there is no consensus about the Triple Crown\u2019s fresh-horse problem, which seems to fly in the face of true sportsmanship.', u'\u201cIt doesn\u2019t bother me at all,\u201d Bob Baffert, American Pharoah\u2019s trainer, said Friday.', u'Baffert said he didn\u2019t blame trainers for skipping the ', u', or for avoiding American Pharoah until they sensed the right moment to challenge him.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t blame them for not running against him,\u201d he said. \u201cIt shows respect for the horse.\u201d', u'Baffert also does not want to change the schedule of the Triple Crown races, nor does he want to add cash inducements to encourage the running of more horses in all three legs of the series.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s history,\u201d Baffert said. \u201cI want to keep it like that; otherwise it means nothing. It wouldn\u2019t be the same.', u'\u201cOnce you change tradition, it ruins it. It wouldn\u2019t mean anything. It would be the ', u', and that would be it.\u201d', u'Then there\u2019s Elliott Walden, the president and chief executive of WinStar Farm, who was the trainer of Victory Gallop in 1998 when he spoiled the Triple Crown push by the Baffert-trained Real Quiet.', u'Walden said that he favored the idea of creating Triple Crown rivalries by devising a break between races that would allow the horses to rest, and to show up fresh at the Belmont, or at least with the same degree of fatigue.', u'Walden said that he favored having four-week intervals between Triple Crown races, a schedule laid out last year by Tom Chukas, then the president of the Maryland Jockey Club. Chukas suggested a format change that would preserve the Kentucky Derby\u2019s traditional date on the first Saturday in May, but would move the Preakness to the first weekend in June and the Belmont to the first weekend in July.', u'\u201cYou\u2019ve got to change tradition or accept the fact that people are going to skip the Preakness,\u201d Walden said. \u201cYou can\u2019t have your cake and eat it, too. Either you want to see the horses compete in three legs or you don\u2019t.\u201d', u'Those differing opinions, of course, are the problem: This multiheaded industry cannot make up its mind. Would a financial incentive \u2014 say a $250,000 bonus to each horse that runs the three legs \u2014 do the trick?', u'\u201cSome people would probably look at that,\u201d McGaughey said. \u201cI\u2019m not sure that I would, and I don\u2019t think there are a lot of trainers that would if they thought their horse wasn\u2019t exactly right coming out of the Derby.', u'\u201cIt might make you think about it, but I don\u2019t think it would be a determining factor.\u201d', u'McGaughey said he could live with more time between the Triple Crown races, though he agreed with Baffert that the mystique of the Triple Crown was in solving Belmont\u2019s mile-and-a-half distance.', u'How can this be accomplished without endangering the horses? Can it?', u'\u201cThe horse has always got to come first, especially in this heightened day of animal cruelty,\u201d Walden said. \u201cBack in the \u201970s, \u201980s, \u201990s, you just ran in all three races as long as your horse was O.K. If you were to force horses to run in races that their connections didn\u2019t feel they were ready for, it wouldn\u2019t be a good thing. It would be a potential harmful thing.\u201d', u'Regardless of whether the horses are rested or weary, all eyes will be on the Belmont on Saturday.', u'A Triple Crown victory by American Pharoah against a pack of fresh horses will bring much-needed attention to racing, though I doubt it will be the silver bullet some predict it could be.', u'Another failed attempt, however, will bring an industry with an array of problems another leg closer to irrelevance.']), ([u'Serena Williams\u2019s Grand Slam March'], [u'On Saturday at the ', u', ', u' will go for her 20th Grand Slam singles title and third in a row. She is second on the Open era career list, behind Steffi Graf\u2019s 22. Williams\u2019s opponent, 13th-seeded Lucie Safarova, will be playing her first Grand Slam singles final, though she won the women\u2019s doubles title at the Australian Open this year. A look at some of the numbers in Williams\u2019s remarkable 18-year career at Grand Slam events:', u' Williams\u2019s record in Grand Slam finals. She last lost in a major final at the 2011 ', u', to Samantha Stosur. That was also the last year Williams failed to win at least one Grand Slam trophy.', u'Number of different players Williams has defeated in those 23 Grand Slam finals, including her sister Venus six times.', u' The last time a woman won the French Open after also winning the previous United States Open and Australian Open (Monica Seles).', u'The number of three-set matches Williams has won at this year\u2019s French Open, her most during a Grand Slam event since she won four three-setters during her title run at the 1999 United States Open.', u' The numbers of times Williams has come back from a set down to win a Grand Slam match.', u' The number of times Williams has not lost a set during a run to a Grand Slam title. Surprisingly, it is Safarova, not Williams, who is entering the final having not lost a set in the tournament.', u' Williams\u2019s record in Grand Slam finals against opponents playing their first Grand Slam final. Two of the players she beat \u2014 Jelena Jankovic (2008 United States Open) and Agnieszka Radwanska (2012 Wimbledon) \u2014 have yet to appear in another major final.', u' Number of players who won their first Grand Slam title by defeating Williams in the final: ', u' (2004 Wimbledon) and Stosur (2011 United States Open). Venus Williams is the only other player to defeat Serena in a Grand Slam final (2001 United States Open, 2008 Wimbledon)']), ([u'Player Ratings: Netherlands (3) vs. United States (4)'], [u'For the United States national team, the past year has been marred by a sudden sting of defensive collapses. In Friday night\u2019s exhibition in Amsterdam, the team turned the tables for a change. With three goals in the final 20 minutes, including one in the 88th minute and a 90th-minute winner, the Americans erased a two-goal deficit and stunned the Netherlands, 4-3, in a friendly in Amsterdam.', u'Playing without the regulars Clint Dempsey, Jozy Altidore and Alejandro Bedoya, the United States saw its offense come from an unusual group of players: Gyasi Zardes, Danny Williams, and Bobby Wood scored their first international goals, and defender John Brooks added just his second.', u'With several veterans missing, some of the youngest players on Coach Jurgen Klinsmann\u2019s team \u2014 Brooks, DeAndre Yedlin and forward Jordan Morris \u2014 took advantage of the opportunity to play and made a case for bigger roles in the American team, which plays another friendly at Germany next week.', u'The victory was the first for the Americans in five games against the Netherlands, a World Cup semifinalist last summer in Brazil.', u'The ratings, from 1 (diabolical) to 10 (world class):', u' Even though the Netherlands scored three times, Guzan kept the Dutch\u2019s goal total from being much higher. After a difficult season at Aston Villa and the potential return of Tim Howard to the national team\u2019s starting role on the horizon, Guzan got a confidence boost on Friday. Rating: 6.5', u' The gradual conversion of Shea into a left back has been up and down. The Netherlands was a difficult test for Shea, who was exposed defensively on multiple occasions. His best moment came in the 22nd minute when he snuck behind the Dutch defense and forced a low save from Jasper Cillessen. Rating: 4.5', u' A game filled with peaks and valleys. In the 26th minute, Brooks got caught out of position and conceded a great chance to Klaas-Jan Huntelaar, which he narrowly missed. Brooks was partially responsible for being beaten in the air on the first two Dutch goals, but in the 70th minute he made a nice attacking run after forcing a turnover in midfield and scored off a pass from DeAndre Yedlin. Rating: 5.0', u' Given his second start for the national team, Alvarado had an uneven 45 minutes before being replaced at halftime. He was caught ball-watching on Holland\u2019s opening goal and his communication with Brooks was lacking. Rating: 4.0', u' Impressive moving forward from his right back position, but defensively he still allowed too much space for Holland to attack. The Dutch attackers had a field day going up Chandler\u2019s side of the field. Rating: 4.5', u' Little impact offensively or defensively. A difficult outing on the heels of a terrific season at Ingolstadt, where Morales helped the Bavarian club win promotion to the Bundesliga. Rating: 4.5', u' A steady performance from the consistent Beckerman, who is never afraid to do the dirty work to help his teams. Made a nice challenge and clearing header in the 19th minute and a goal-line clearance in the 47th. Rating: 5.5', u' A complete performance from the Toronto F.C. midfielder, who controlled the pace of the game. At times Bradley kept the United States alive when it looked as if the Dutch were going to run away with the game. Hit the post with a shot in the 20th minute, then had an outstanding pass during the build-up to Wood\u2019s winning goal. Cemented his status as the team\u2019s most important player. Rating: 8.5 and Man of the Match.', u' Zardes got off to a slow start but gradually found his way into the game. Forced a nice save from Cillessen in the 16th minute, but defensively he was exposed on Holland\u2019s opening goal when he failed to close down Memphis Depay before his cross. Rating: 6.0', u' A start in Amsterdam was quite a stage for Johannsson, who plays in the Dutch Eredivisie with AZ Alkmaar. Made some nice runs \u2014 thought too many were not spotted by his teammates \u2014 and used his off-the-ball movement to open the game. Still, needs to be more involved. Rating: 5.0', u' After helping to guide Borussia Monchengladbach to a spot in the Champions League next season, Johnson started as a wide-attacking midfielder and delivered a first-rate assist on Zardes\u2019s goal. Rating: 7.0', u' Replaced Alvarado to start the second half, then promptly allowed Huntelaar to get in front of him on the second goal. Rating: 4.5', u' The Norwegian-born Diskerud was an upgrade over Morales, whom he replaced in the 56th minute. Known for his offensive skill set, Diskerud worked just as hard defensively. Rating: 6.0', u' Replaced Shea in the 56th minue and offered pace that was difficult for the Dutch to handle. Consistently involved. Rating: 7.0', u' Replaced Beckerman and scored \u2014 with the help of a lucky deflection \u2014 to tie the game in the 88th minute. Rating: 7.0.', u' Wood is coming off a difficult club season in which he was benched, injured and transferred after a fallout with his coach at 1860 Munich. Found a way to get into great position to score the winning goal. Rating: 6.5', u' The first collegiate player on the national team in decades continues to prove that he belongs. Replaced Zardes in the 80th minute and was nearly impossible for Holland to handle defensively. Dangerous from the moment he entered the game, and rewarded with an assist on the winning goal. Rating: 7.0']), ([u'Pistons Hire Agent Arn Tellem as a Front Office Executive '], [u'Arn Tellem, one of the most influential and powerful agents in professional sports, has agreed to become the vice chairman of Palace Sports and Entertainment, the company that owns the ', u'.', u'The hiring was announced Friday by Tom Gores, who owns the Pistons and Palace Sports and Entertainment. Tellem is expected to start in his new role on Aug. 3, after transitioning from his current job as vice chairman of Wasserman Media Group, where he oversees the company\u2019s team sports division.', u'Under Gores, Tellem will be responsible for business strategy, public affairs, planning and development, and will operate as a liaison to the Detroit-area community, the company said in a statement. Tellem will move to Detroit.', u'\u201cIt has been a privilege spending so much of my life helping guide the careers of professional athletes,\u201d Tellem said in a statement, \u201cbut making a difference to a community gives you a deeper sense of purpose.\u201d', u'With the Pistons, Tellem will be in charge of league-related initiatives as one of the team\u2019s alternates on the N.B.A.\u2019s Board of Governors.', u'Stan Van Gundy, the Pistons\u2019 president and coach, will continue in those roles as the head of basketball operations.', u'\u201cArn brings a unique perspective that will make our entire organization stronger,\u201d Van Gundy said in a statement.', u'Tellem, who graduated from University of Michigan Law School in 1979, began representing professional baseball and basketball players in the early 1980s \u2014 one of the rare agents to become a power broker in both sports. After founding Tellem & Associates in 1989, he joined Wasserman in 2006.', u'At Wasserman, where the basketball division has been led by B. J. Armstrong and Thad Foucher, the company\u2019s list of N.B.A. clients includes Russell Westbrook of the Oklahoma City Thunder, Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls, Marc Gasol of the Memphis Grizzlies and Anthony Davis of the New Orleans Pelicans. Wasserman also represents Joe Johnson and Brook Lopez of the Nets.', u'Since 2008, Tellem and his group have been responsible for $3.5 billion in player contracts, ', u'.', u'\u201cGiven his experience and all of his success,\u201d Arn could have gone just about anywhere, and he chose Detroit,\u201d Gores said in a statement. \u201cThis is a big win for Detroit.\u201d']), ([u'Pulses Are Zooming, and Opinions Are Flying'], [u'Conspiracy theorists, soothsayers and experts of all stripes feel truly at home in few places. The racetrack is one of these premier locales. The times when this assemblage of dreamers balances anxiety and gloom, hope and despair with the fervor of true believers are rarer still. The eve of a ', u' bid is such a time.', u'It was a wonderful day at the racetrack Friday as theories and opinions about the prospect of American Pharoah\u2019s winning the 147th running of the ', u' and sweeping thoroughbred racing\u2019s holy grail were lobbed and volleyed with the enthusiasm of junior tennis players on the opening day of the ', u'.', u'They started in the morning on the backside, drifted onto the rail by early afternoon, and worked their way up to the third-floor clubhouse bar and finally to the press box.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s the best horse of his generation\u201d was smacked back with \u201cHe can\u2019t get the distance,\u201d which led to \u201cPharoah will win by daylight\u201d and, finally, \u201cHe won\u2019t hit the board.\u201d', u'People agreed on only two things: One, it has been far too long to have not minted another ', u' champion; and two, some of the arguments will be validated by 7 p.m. or so on Saturday after American Pharoah runs a mile and a half and either passes or fails the Test of the Champion, as the ', u' is known.', u'Those who believe American Pharoah will succeed lean on the fact that he was the 2-year-old champion last year, meaning he was stamped as the best of his generation, as were six of the last seven Triple Crown champions, including the last one, Affirmed in 1978. They are confident in the men who train and ride American Pharoah.', u'Bob Baffert is a Hall of Fame trainer who has been in this situation on three previous occasions, and his rider Victor Espinoza has been twice before, just last year in fact. The feeling is that they have learned a great deal from those experiences, from the best way to condition a horse for the grueling three-race, five-week schedule to when exactly in the race to move him on this distinct mile-and-a-half oval with its sweeping turns and sandy surface.', u'Then there\u2019s the fact that American Pharoah has looked as good in person here as he does on paper. He is a ripped, muscled bay colt with an efficient stride that floats him around the racetrack like an old soul. His connections and backers contend that American Pharoah has actually kept his weight, maybe even gained a few pounds, which indicates that the ', u' and the ', u' did not take much out of him.', u'In short, he is the one to end the drought.', u'The doubters of American Pharoah argue that in what most agree is a deep crop of 3-year-olds, it is too early to proclaim him the best. He went all-out to win the Derby by a length, benefited from a sudden drenching of Pimlico Race Course to give him his preferred running surface in the ', u', and lacks the pedigree to go this long distance.', u'They concede that Baffert and Espinoza are seasoned but wonder how much either has learned. For the fourth time, Baffert trained his Triple Crown contender at Churchill Downs in Kentucky rather than getting him acclimated here. The last three Triple Crown winners, Affirmed, Seattle Slew and Secretariat, were New York-based horses. And why wouldn\u2019t Espinoza come here a couple of weeks early, pick up some mounts and increase his knowledge of the local track?', u'Finally, a couple of other fresh and accomplished horses are here, namely the Florida Derby winner Materiality and the Wood Memorial champion Frosted.', u'They overcame terrible trips to finish strong in Kentucky \u2014 Materiality sixth, Frosted fourth. They are based here and are impressive-looking specimens. Both have classic distance pedigrees that scream that they will still be running that last quarter of a mile.', u'So, who is going to win?', u'If I knew, these words would not be appearing on your phone or tablet or computer screen, or rustling on the paper between your hands. (Life would instead be about private jets and islands and \u2014 let\u2019s stop there.)', u'It is a horse race, pure and simple. Some horse and rider are going to get lucky; another couple are going to taste misfortune. Some of us will be right; most of us will be wrong.', u'No matter what happens, with a little luck, we all will be back here on a Friday a year from now, doing it all over again.']), ([u'Kyrie Irving Out of N.B.A. Finals With Broken Kneecap, Cavaliers Say'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014  With Kyrie Irving officially gone for the remainder of the finals, the ', u' must figure out a way to compete with a powerful Golden State Warriors team that may have been too much for them even when they were at full strength.', u'\u201cIf he\u2019s not able to go, it\u2019s something that\u2019s not new to us,\u201d LeBron James said Friday before it was announced that Irving had fractured his left kneecap in overtime of Thursday night\u2019s 108-100 Game 1 defeat. \u201cSo next man up, and guys will be ready for the challenge.\u201d', u'Be it Matthew Dellavedova replacing Irving at point guard, or Iman Shumpert or even J. R. Smith, the Cavaliers understand this is not the Eastern Conference anymore. This opponent is not the Atlanta Hawks, whom the Cavs swept in the conference finals despite Irving\u2019s missing two games and the loss of power forward Kevin Love for the postseason in the first round.', u'\u201cThere are a few things that you would love to have going late in the season,\u201d James said. \u201cThat\u2019s being healthy, having a great rhythm, and then you need a little luck as well. We\u2019ve had a great rhythm. We haven\u2019t had much luck, and we haven\u2019t been healthy.\u201d', u'He added: \u201cBut I haven\u2019t gotten discouraged. I understand the moment that I\u2019m in, and I\u2019m not too much worried about the game. I\u2019m worried about the moment. I\u2019m happy with the moment.\u201d After Irving had played 44 minutes in Game 1, scoring 23 points and making a huge block from behind on Stephen Curry to give the Cavaliers the last shot in regulation in a 98-98 game, his knee buckled as he drove on Klay Thompson in overtime.', u'Irving left Oracle Arena on crutches and was still using them, Coach David Blatt said, when he left the team hotel Friday morning to have a magnetic resonance imaging exam. The test showed no ligament damage. The operation is expected to sideline Irving for four to five months, and any setbacks could carry into next season.', u'After the announcement, Irving wrote on Instagram: \u201cI want to thank everyone for the well wishes. Saddened by the way I had to go out but it doesn\u2019t take away from being a part of a special playoff run with my brothers. Truly means a lot for all the support and love. I gave it everything I had and have no regrets. I love this game no matter what and I\u2019ll be back soon.\u201d', u'The knee \u2014 along with a sprained foot \u2014 had plagued Irving throughout the spring, and he had been given a diagnosis of tendinitis. Irving said an eight-day break between the conference and league finals had left him feeling \u201camazing\u201d heading into Thursday night. His play gave the Cavaliers reason to believe he had recovered.']), ([u'Corruption in FIFA? Its Auditors Saw None'], [u'Despite longstanding suspicion of corruption, world soccer\u2019s governing body has received a clean bill of financial health for 16 consecutive years from ', u', one of the world\u2019s top auditing, accounting and consulting firms.', u'No one has challenged the accuracy of the annual reports of the body, FIFA, which are prepared according to international accounting standards by ', u'\u2019s office in Zurich, where FIFA is based. But that only heightens the puzzling disconnect between the different pictures that are emerging of FIFA as an organization: riddled with bribes and kickbacks in the view of prosecutors, yet spotless according to the outsider most privy to its internal financial dealings.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s legitimate to raise questions about the effectiveness of the audits, given that the risks were already widely rumored,\u201d said Barry Jay Epstein, a financial-reporting expert and certified public accountant who is a principal in ', u'. Mr. Epstein, who wrote a widely used professional handbook on accounting and auditing, added that if the', u' related to World Cup bidding and other soccer events \u201cturn out to be founded, then analytically, something should have shown up\u201d in KPMG\u2019s audits \u201cthat would have required deeper investigation.\u201d', u'Andreas Hammer, a spokesman in Zurich for KPMG\u2019s Swiss offices, declined to comment, saying in an email that \u201cas FIFA\u2019s statutory auditor, we are bound by professional confidentiality and have to refrain from any comment regarding our client.\u201d', u'As FIFA\u2019s first and only outside auditor, KPMG has worked for the organization since 1999, one year after Sepp Blatter, who ', u' just days after being re-elected to a fifth term, began his tenure. KPMG took on a client long criticized for its lack of transparency and its corporate governance issues.', u'But it is an important relationship for both sides. For FIFA, it means a member of the Big Four accounting club is signing off on its books. KPMG also audits, at FIFA\u2019s request, dozens of FIFA member associations \u2014 40 of them last year. \u201cHaving one of the big auditors of course helps to give some credibility to your accounts,\u201d said Jean-Pierre M\xe9an, an advisory council member at Transparency International Switzerland, part of a global anti-corruption organization.', u'Over its most recent four-year financial cycle, 2011 to 2014, FIFA had $5.7 billion in revenue, mostly from the sales of rights to marketing, licensing, television broadcasting and hospitality, and more than $5.4 billion in expenses. It has reserves of more than $1.5 billion. Referring to its \u201cinternal controls system,\u201d or I.C.S., intended to root out fraud, FIFA wrote in its 2009 annual report that \u201ccommunication with KPMG is extremely important for the members of the internal audit committee because KPMG as external auditors have a very detailed picture of the FIFA I.C.S. following the in-depth audits that they have performed.\u201d', u'Roger Neininger, the board chairman of KPMG in Switzerland, took the podium last week at FIFA\u2019s annual congress in Zurich, just two days after the United States Justice Department indicted 14 current and former senior FIFA officials and sports marketing executives on 47 counts of racketeering and corruption. Mr. Neininger has been the auditor-in-charge of FIFA\u2019s annual report since 2011, though the 2014 report omits that title. His role at the closed-door sessions, to recommend that FIFA\u2019s executive committee approve KPMG\u2019s signoff on the year\u2019s annual report, sent a clear signal: KPMG was standing by its client.', u'Accounting firms often contend that their audits are only as good as the information they receive from clients, but they are supposed to recognize patterns or anomalies that suggest they should dig a little deeper.', u'A key element in the', u' is a $10 million payment that prosecutors say was transferred in 2008 from FIFA to accounts controlled by a soccer official, Jack Warner, as a bribe in exchange for helping South Africa secure the right to host the 2010 World Cup.', u'Mr. Epstein said that while the $10 million payment could be insignificant, or immaterial in accounting terms, given FIFA\u2019s size, it would not be immaterial in qualitative terms. \u201cThat\u2019s something people would want to know about,\u201d he said.', u'KPMG had questioned another payment a decade earlier. In a 1999 \u201cRevised Audit Management Letter\u201d sent to FIFA, KPMG noted an unusual payment in connection with the Confederations Cup \u2014 an important tournament involving soccer\u2019s continental champions that is now held the year before the World Cup.', u'\u201cTo cover the excess expenditure at the Confederations Cup in Saudi Arabia, the organizer has made an additional payment of 470,000 Swiss francs,\u201d the letter, obtained by the independent journalist Andrew Jennings, says in German. \u201cThe payment was authorized by the president of FIFA, but without the authorization of the finance committee or the executive committee.\u201d', u'It is unclear to whom the payment was made or which Confederations Cup in Riyadh was involved \u2014 Saudi Arabia hosted them in 1995 and 1997, part of the four-year financial cycle covered in the 1999 letter.', u'Even before the indictments, there was no shortage of potential red flags.', u'In 2002, Michel Zen-Ruffinen, FIFA\u2019s secretary general at the time,', u' accusing Mr. Blatter and his lieutenants of extensive fraud. The report, parts of which were published in the Swiss news media, contended that from 1999 to 2002, FIFA, which was struggling financially, booked 336 million Swiss francs in revenue from its sale of marketing rights to the 2006 World Cup in Germany \u2014 an unusual move for an organization that at the time used accounting methods that recorded income when it was received, not in advance, according to accounting experts.', u'KPMG noted the move in its audit of the period. Mr. Zen-Ruffinen\u2019s report added that FIFA had destroyed financial documents before 1998, a year before KPMG was hired.', u'In 2008, a trial in Zug, Switzerland, of former executives of International Sports and Leisure, a FIFA-affiliated marketing firm that had collapsed amid allegations of fraud and theft, fell apart after the group\u2019s lawyers produced internal documents contending that FIFA was involved.', u'By 2012, FIFA named Michael J. Garcia, a prominent former federal prosecutor, as the lead investigator of its ethics committee. Mr. Garcia, who extended his inquiry into bidding practices for the 2018 World Cup in Russia and the 2022 World Cup in Qatar, gave FIFA his final report last September but ', u' and misleading.', u'And last November, a member of FIFA\u2019s eight-person audit and compliance committee, ', u' in connection with procurement of a card-swipe system for the public hospitals there. FIFA\u2019s most recent annual report notes that Mr. Watson has \u201ctemporarily left the committee.\u201d', u'\u201cYou\u2019re looking for the tip of the iceberg in an audit,\u201d Mr. Epstein said, adding that in KPMG\u2019s work for FIFA, \u201cthe tip should have gotten the auditor\u2019s attention sometime over the years.\u201d']), ([u'Turn-Ons: Peppermints, Cool Breezes. Turnoffs: Mares Who Move Too Fast.'], [u'VERSAILLES, Ky. \u2014 One by one, the stallions marched into the brick-and-stone breeding shed for a date that, if successful, would cost the mare\u2019s owners anywhere from $5,000 to $100,000. Most of the stallions \u2014 including Bellamy Road, whose nickname around the barn is Bam Bam \u2014 knew exactly why they were there and consummated the relationship within minutes.', u'But one stallion at the bucolic WinStar Farm was having none of that. He has to be in the mood and tends to be picky, especially when it comes to the opposite sex. The problem is that this stallion is no ordinary horse; Pioneerof the Nile is the sire of this year\u2019s ', u' and ', u' winner.', u'\u201cHe can\u2019t be rushed when he\u2019s making champions like American Pharoah,\u201d said Kaitlin Christopherson, the marketing coordinator at WinStar, which occupies 2,400 acres of Kentucky\u2019s Bluegrass region. \u201cHe has to take his time.\u201d', u'Because of his quirks, Pioneerof the Nile is the last stallion taken into the breeding shed, often directly from his three-acre paddock, and he and his date are able to have privacy, except for four handlers wearing gloves, helmets and flak jackets who coax him along with soothing sounds and phrases like \u201cCome on, buddy.\u201d', u'The mares take a while to get ready. They are bathed, bandages are placed on their tails to keep them out of the way, a leather shield is placed over their necks to protect them from scrapes and biting, and bootees that resemble boxing gloves are placed on their hind hooves in case they kick. A teaser horse named Spots gets things started by warming them up. The stallion merely needs to show up and become aroused.', u'During a recent mating session, Pioneerof the Nile was a perfect gentleman while nuzzling and licking his date. He required nearly 20 minutes of foreplay, which included a whiff of pheromones from a thawed cup of mare urine, and four mounts to finish the job.', u'Afterward, Pioneerof the Nile was in no rush to leave.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s a little bit of a prima donna,\u201d said Larry McGinnis, WinStar\u2019s stallion manager, who is also known as the farm\u2019s resident horse psychologist. \u201cPart of this job is learning how to get along with these guys. They develop strong personalities over years of breeding and being a good racehorse, but one thing in common that I see with all these guys is that most of them are pretty smart.\u201d', u'WinStar has 20 stallions, a who\u2019s who of the racing world that includes three horses who were raced by American Pharoah\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat. Before the Derby, the Zayat family came to see its horses and dined in the opulent lobby of the stallion barn, which was built in 2013 and houses photographs and trophies of the stallions inside, notably Super Saver, the homebred winner of the 2010 Derby. The farm\u2019s star logo is omnipresent.', u'\u201cWe just have a real good relationship with Mr. Zayat, so when he gets stallion prospects, we get a seat at the table,\u201d said Elliott Walden, who since 2010 has been the president and chief executive of WinStar, which owns 25 percent of Pioneerof the Nile. \u201cTypically once you get one and you do a good job, then it creates more business, and that\u2019s sort of what\u2019s happened.\u201d', u'Stud fees, which are due when a foal stands and nurses, are determined ahead of each breeding season, which runs from mid-February to June. Pioneerof the Nile, who has sired Derby, ', u' and ', u' contenders, currently commands $60,000 per foal. Because of American Pharoah\u2019s Derby and Preakness victories, his fee is expected to jump next season to about $100,000, which would tie him with Distorted Humor as the priciest sire on the farm.', u'Walden said he was unsure how much the fee would jump if American Pharoah were to win the ', u' on Saturday and become the first ', u' winner since 1978.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s certainly something to think about,\u201d he said while watching the farm\u2019s 2-year-olds train. \u201cIt\u2019s neat to think about the possibility of having the only living sire of a ', u' winner. So we\u2019re definitely tied in and interested to see what happens.\u201d', u'That did not stop WinStar from planning to enter in the Belmont the 10th-place Derby finisher Carpe Diem, who is co-owned with Stonestreet Stables. (He was later withdrawn from consideration.) Walden, who trained Victory Gallop and denied Bob Baffert and Real Quiet a Triple Crown sweep in 1998, said he had been rooting for Carpe Diem in the Derby. But when the horses turned for home and he was not a factor, Walden jumped on the American Pharoah bandwagon.', u'\u201cIt happens with some regularity that we\u2019re running against ourselves,\u201d Walden said. \u201cThe way that Kenny Troutt, who owns WinStar, looks at it is, he\u2019s not comfortable until he can have 12 entries out of 12 entries.\u201d', u'Pioneerof the Nile likes to do things his way, which includes standing facing the breeding shed while his counterparts face forward for prospective breeders. Because he does not like to be hot, he is the only horse in the barn who has a fan in his stall, a corner suite with sweeping views of the farm. He prefers peppermints to carrots, which are American Pharoah\u2019s snack of choice. Like American Pharoah, Pioneerof the Nile has a gentle nature.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s a really good horse to be around,\u201d said McGinnis, who lives on the farm near the stallion barn. \u201cNot too many stallions you can go up and pet them without them trying to bite you. And he just lets you rub all over his face and do whatever you want.\u201d', u'Other similarities between father and son are on display when American Pharoah steps on the racetrack. Baffert trained both horses, and although Pioneerof the Nile, who finished second in the 2009 Derby, had a longer body, they moved the same way.', u'\u201cPioneerof the Nile had a big, long stride,\u201d Baffert said. \u201cAnd he had that same springing motion as American Pharoah, whose acceleration is pretty remarkable. He can get to a spot really quick.\u201d', u'Baffert said he thought American Pharoah\u2019s success could be traced to the top of his pedigree, which includes Pioneerof the Nile\u2019s sire, Empire Maker, who won the Belmont in 2003, and his dam, Star of Goshen. (American Pharoah will go to Coolmore\u2019s Ashford Stud when his racing career ends.)', u'\u201cEvery time I work him, I go back and look at the pedigree, and I go, What is going on here?\u201d Baffert said jokingly. \u201cI think it comes from Pioneerof the Nile, and it comes from his mother, Star of Goshen. She was a freaky filly, really, really fast.\u201d', u'As American Pharoah\u2019s Triple Crown quest draws to a close, so does Pioneerof the Nile\u2019s breeding season. He breeds up to three times a day, at 8:30 a.m., 2:30 p.m. and 6:30 p.m. Like the other stallions, he spends the night in his own lush paddock, under the supervision of security guards. There are also security cameras throughout the grounds. In the morning, he eats breakfast and is groomed, and then the breeding routine begins anew.', u'On Saturday, when American Pharoah tries to secure a place in the history books, Pioneerof the Nile and his handlers will be hard at work trying to produce future champions. The handlers do not allow themselves to think about the possibility of a Triple Crown sweep, but they know it would change things.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t usually get nervous about values of horses, but I\u2019d be a little nervous with him,\u201d McGinnis said of caring for the sire of a Triple Crown winner. \u201cBut at the end of the day, he\u2019s a horse, and that\u2019s the way you have to treat him.\u201d']), ([u'LeBron James Misses, and a Sense of Destiny Evaporates'], [u'OAKLAND, Calif. \u2014 In those final, frantic seconds of regulation that must have felt like the interminable eight-day wait for the start of the N.B.A. finals, Andre Iguodala was alone against the best basketball player on the planet.', u'All around Oracle Arena, fans wore yellow T-shirts that displayed the Golden State Warriors\u2019 season-long slogan, \u201cStrength in Numbers.\u201d But now, out on the left wing, in a tense and deadlocked Game 1, Iguodala was on his own against the one-man wrecking crew named ', u'.', u'The score was 98-98. The stakes already seemed high for the Warriors, defending a home-court advantage they had worked all season to earn against James and his ', u'. But nobody in that tension-filled moment could have suspected how much was on the line for the Cavs \u2014 the likely nullification of the pact between James and destiny for deliverance of a major-sport championship to his native northeast Ohio in his first season back as homecoming King.', u'As he accepted a pass from Kyrie Irving, left of the key, James had already torched the Warriors for 42 (of 44) points on a variety of jumpers, runners and floaters. The good news for the Warriors \u2014 or at least a good reason for Coach Steve Kerr to not run a second trapping defender at James \u2014 was that Iguodala had made James\u2019s shot selection more challenging than any of the other defenders Kerr had deployed.', u'\u201cYou know, it\u2019s funny to say when a guy gets 44 points that the defender did a really good job, but I thought Andre did extremely well, made LeBron take some tough shots,\u201d Kerr said after James misfired from 21 feet, the Warriors survived in regulation, thrived in overtime and took Game 1, 108-100.', u'The Cavs, conversely, lost more than a series opener on the road. For the rest of a much-anticipated series that may not last long, they will play without Irving, their dynamic point guard and second-best player, who in overtime fractured a left knee that has been tendinitis-ridden all spring.', u'Surgery looms. Cleveland mourns.', u'That last sequence in regulation could be remembered as the series\u2019 crossroads. Because the sky over Cleveland\u2019s pro teams invariably turns cloudy, and Irving\u2019s long-term relationship with the franchise could be fractured along with his kneecap, we may have to revisit the belief that James is fated to end the city\u2019s 51-year championship drought.', u'Might it all have been different had he not settled for a step-back jumper? Might he have spared Irving the injury by saving the Cavs from overtime? Part of the deal is being left to wonder.', u'Iguodala is listed at 6 feet 6 inches and 215 pounds, spotting James a couple of inches and about 40 pounds. He is an 11-year veteran, a sturdy two-way contributor, a throwback player who earns $12 million-plus but is willing to come off the bench.', u'\u201cOne of the smartest defenders in the league,\u201d Kerr said. \u201cHe\u2019s not stronger than LeBron, but he is very strong. A big thing guarding LeBron is angles, right? It\u2019s trying to figure out where he\u2019s going because he\u2019s looking for teammates. He\u2019s looking to score. There\u2019s a lot going on.\u201d', u'With the game on the line, all the great ones create fear bordering on hysteria, no matter where they are on the floor. Asked if he had James where he wanted him, Iguodala said, \u201cYou would like to think that, but last year he beat us on a shot similar to that at home in the regular season.\u201d', u'In a similar situation and location earlier in these playoffs, James also spared the Cavaliers a potential three-games-to-one series deficit against Chicago with a buzzer-beater from far out in the left corner.', u'But he has been statistically well below average from long range throughout the playoffs, so there can be little doubt that James cut the Warriors a break by not challenging Iguodala.', u'With a good view of the action from the bench, the former Knick David Lee said, \u201cWe\u2019re constantly in help mode when LeBron\u2019s got it, and obviously if he makes progress and is getting toward the hoop, you\u2019ve got to come and trap.\u201d', u'James probably noticed Draymond Green cheating off his man, moving to the left side of the lane, anticipating a drive that never came. But perhaps the earlier possessions in which Iguodala had bodied up and kept James from attacking the paint were also in James\u2019s head.', u'\u201cMy mind-set was we\u2019re either going to go out of here with a win or going into overtime,\u201d was what James said about the play Thursday night.', u'Iguodala, who scored 15 points and made a fourth-quarter 3-pointer with one sneaker off, said: \u201cI kind of knew what play he wanted to get into. Just going left, step back, and I was right there on him, and he was still able to get off the shot. So at that point you just want percentages to kick in and help you out.\u201d', u'It was a low-percentage attempt, and the ball wound up in the far right corner, in the desperate hands of the ex-Knick Iman Shumpert, whose heave was close enough to cause thousands of hearts inside Oracle Arena to skip a few beats.', u'Having soared for a block on Stephen Curry from behind to set up the last play in regulation, having filled his stat line with 23 points, 7 rebounds, 6 assists and 4 steals, Irving drove on Klay Thompson around the two-minute mark of overtime, and his knee buckled.', u'Irving left the arena on crutches. His father, Drederick, was seen slamming a door near the team\u2019s locker room. In an ', u' report, Drederick Irving and Jeff Wechsler, Kyrie\u2019s agent, were said to be at odds with the franchise, suspecting the player\u2019s long-term health may have been jeopardized for short-term gain.', u'But until the injury, Kyrie Irving said he felt \u201camazing\u201d in the 44 minutes he played. Was that too many minutes under the circumstances? Would the knee have given out, sooner or later?', u'Again, we\u2019ll never know about that and what might have been had James not settled for the step-back. While acknowledging that he hadn\u2019t slept well overnight, he shrugged off those questions on Friday, made everyone laugh when asked about the Warriors\u2019 strategy of letting him score 44 while keeping his teammates, with the exception of Irving, under control.', u'\u201cYou don\u2019t let me have 40,\u201d he said. \u201cI go get 40.\u201d', u'With Irving now on the sideline next to Kevin Love, with J. R. Smith now the secondary option, James may on occasion need 60. He will need to take his talents to the rim, be better than ever.', u'Against these Warriors, that\u2019s still unlikely to be enough.']), ([u'French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Beats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to Advance to Final'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Stan Wawrinka had made it into his first ', u' final at age 30, and the first question that came his way at his news conference involved Roger Federer.', u'\u201cGreat for that first question to put Roger in it,\u201d Wawrinka said.', u'It has been a challenge \u2014 and remains a challenge \u2014 to find the spotlight in the Federer era, but Wawrinka has made the bigger impact in Grand Slam tournaments in the last two seasons.', u'After winning his first major title at the Australian Open in 2014, Wawrinka is quite an upgrade here from last year when he lost in the first round.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s difficult to keep a cool head every week,\u201d he said. \u201cThat\u2019s the big difference with the Big 4.\u201d', u'Clearly, the Big 4 \u2014 Federer, Rafael Nadal, Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray \u2014 have set a new standard for oligarchical rule.', u'But Wawrinka is threatening to turn into tennis royalty himself. His tough, grinding 6-3, 6-7 (1), 7-6 (7-3), 6-4 victory over Jo-Wilfried Tsonga of France on Friday at Roland Garros was a reflection of his growing self-belief and maturity.', u'\u201cA Roland Garros final is a dream for me,\u201d said Wawrinka, who comes from French-speaking Switzerland and won the French Open junior title in 2003. \u201cIt\u2019s a tournament I appreciate. I feel at home even though the French fans are of course supporting the French. It\u2019s the tournament I watched when I was young, and I\u2019ve always loved playing on clay.\u201d', u'It remains unclear whom he will play. Djokovic, the No. 1 seed, and Murray, at No. 3, arrived in the semifinals with undefeated records on clay this season. But their match was stopped because of an impending storm, with Djokovic leading, 6-3, 6-3, 5-7, 3-3.', u'The match was scheduled to resume at 7 a.m. Eastern time Saturday, before the women\u2019s final. Djokovic, who has beaten Murray seven times in a row, dominated for most of the first three sets, but Murray shifted the momentum by breaking Djokovic\u2019s serve at 5-5 in the third with a flurry of phenomenal shots on the run, beginning with a forehand passing shot off a Djokovic lob.', u'Djokovic had not dropped a set in his first five matches, and Murray was up a break in the fourth set, too, before Djokovic returned the favor. The atmosphere and quality of play were exceptional, with extended rallies the rule, including one of 33 strokes.', u'Wawrinka\u2019s and Tsonga\u2019s latest duel was grueling for a different reason with early-afternoon temperatures in Paris well over 90 degrees. The 3-hour-46-minute match took a heavy physical toll, and a mental one, too. After one long game in the second set, Tsonga mistakenly headed for his chair one game too early for the changeover.', u'But Wawrinka\u2019s ability to dodge danger on his serve ultimately made the difference. The backhand and the service return have long been Tsonga\u2019s weak points, and on Friday he converted only one of 17 break points.', u'\u201cWe can\u2019t rewrite the story,\u201d Tsonga said.', u'It was the second major disappointment Wawrinka has inflicted on Tsonga in France in the last six months. He also beat him convincingly on the opening day of the Davis Cup final in Lille last November as the Swiss went on to win the most prestigious team trophy for the first time.', u'Tsonga had a forearm problem in Lille, which did not help matters, but what hurts him, above all, is his inability to do consistent damage with his backhand. He hit some spectacular one-handers on Friday, including a passing shot with a flick of his wrist that Wawrinka could only applaud.', u'But the two-hander is his baguette-and-butter shot off that wing, and it remains too soft too often. The best players of the moment \u2014 Djokovic and Murray \u2014 are more balanced threats. So is Wawrinka, whose magnificent one-handed backhand is one of the game\u2019s great shots but who can also dictate terms with his heavy forehand.', u'Henri Leconte thus remains the last Frenchman to reach the final at the French Open.', u'In the women\u2019s final, No. 1-seeded Serena Williams is set to face No. 13 Lucie Safarova of the Czech Republic.', u'Williams, 33, is trying to win her 20th Grand Slam singles title. Safarova, a left-handed 28-year-old, will be playing in her first Grand Slam singles final and is 0-8 against Williams in official matches. But while Safarova played doubles Friday, Williams skipped practice and remained in her Paris apartment, trying to recover from an illness.', u'She was visibly ill during her three-set victory Thursday over Timea Bacsinszy, and in a statement Friday she confirmed she had \u201csome kind of flu.\u201d', u'\u201cI need time and obviously don\u2019t have a lot of it, but it helps that I can be at my apartment and have my family and friends with me,\u201d she said.', u'Safarova and her partner, Bethanie Mattek-Sands, are into the women\u2019s doubles final. The last woman to win the French Open singles and doubles in the same year was Mary Pierce in 2000. Can Safarova, against the odds, do the same?', u'\u201cWe will see,\u201d she told French television. \u201cI will count on Serena being there 100 percent, and I will be ready for the fight.\u201d']), ([u'Champions League Final Is Latest Moment in Spotlight for Olympiastadion'], [u'A legendary track performance in front of Hitler. A record-breaking baseball game. The most famous head-butt in sports. Guns N\u2019 Roses and the N.F.L. Europe.', u'When the Champions League final comes to the Olympiastadion in Berlin for the first time on Saturday, it will join a long list of famous and infamous events held in the venerable stadium.', u'Designed by Werner March, whose father, Otto, was the architect of an earlier stadium at the same site, the 120,000-capacity Olympiastadion was finished in 1936 as part of the Nazis\u2019 sweeping propaganda-through-architecture plan.', u'Hitler was on hand to open the 1936 Olympics there, and the titanic ceremony, captured in Leni Riefenstahl\u2019s lauded and reviled ', u',\u201d featured the first torch relay. The crowd repeatedly gave the Nazi salute, and it was often returned by the athletes, even those from countries like France that would soon be at war with Germany.', u'The stadium was the site of several events during the 1936 Games, including the soccer final, won by Italy, and the team handball final, played then as an 11-man outdoor event.', u'But it is most remembered for the exploits of Jesse Owens, who embarrassed Hitler by winning the 100 meters, 200, long jump and 4x100 relay at the expense of the German team.', u'\u201cGerman nationalism and the prejudice that seems to go with it revealed themselves somewhat disagreeably,\u201d Arthur J. Daley reported in ', u' after Owens\u2019s 100-meter win, noting that Hitler did not congratulate any of the black American winners that day but did find time for German hammer throwers.', u'Despite German theories of racial superiority, Owens, the grandson of slaves, said he was mobbed by friendly fans seeking autographs. A street near the stadium is now known as Jesse-Owens-Allee.', u'Oddly enough, two teams of amateur American baseball players participated in an exhibition game in the stadium during the Games. About 100,000 people turned up to see it, ', u', making it at that time the largest crowd to watch a baseball game anywhere. The Times also reported that the game was \u201cwarmly, but not too intelligently received.\u201d Given the low stakes and obscurity of the players, it added a cheeky headline: \u201cOne Team Wins, 6-5.\u201d', u'Olympiastadion escaped World War II mostly untouched. As Germany became West Germany and Berlin became West Berlin, the stadium underwent what its website now calls \u201ca discreet denazification.\u201d As an example, Hitler\u2019s special box, the F\xfchrerloge, \u201cwas reduced by one meter in length to take away its historic effect.\u201d', u'The World Cup has come twice to the Olympiastadion. In 1974, it hosted three preliminary games, all involving Chile.', u'It played a more prominent role in 2006, hosting six games. Kaka scored in a 1-0 Brazil win over Croatia in the first of four preliminary round games there. Germany delighted the home crowd with ', u' over Argentina in a penalty-kick shootout.', u'The stadium also was the site of the ', u'. Zinedine Zidane and Marco Materazzi of Italy scored quickly to make the game 1-1, but those goals have almost been forgotten given the notorious incident between the two men in extra time. Infuriated by Materazzi\u2019s taunts, Zidane charged and head-butted him in the chest, resulting in a red card in the final game of his international career. Italy won the game on penalties a few minutes later.', u'American football was once a regular visitor to the stadium. The N.F.L. held a preseason game there every year from 1990 to 1994. The Berlin Thunder of N.F.L. Europe made the stadium its home from 2003 to 2007. In 2004, the team went 9-1 and won the World Bowl behind the Jamaican-born former L.S.U. quarterback Rohan Davey, who also won two Super Bowl rings as a backup to Tom Brady with the New England Patriots.', u'After a renovation from 2000 to 2004 that reduced seating capacity to 74,000, the stadium hosted its most memorable track meet since the days of Owens, the 2009 world championships. ', u', who scorched two world records with a 9.58 in the 100 and a 19.19 in the 200 \u2014 both still stand today.', u'In addition to the big-ticket events, the stadium has been the home of the Bundesliga team Hertha Berlin since 1963, and the German Cup final since 1985. Perhaps the most memorable final came in 2012, when Robert Lewandowski scored a hat trick and Borussia Dortmund ', u', 5-2, completing the first league-Cup double in its history.', u'Outside the world of sports, the stadium is the go-to site in Berlin for the kind of rock acts that can pack in 50,000-plus fans. The Rolling Stones, U2, Guns N\u2019 Roses, Michael Jackson and Bruce Springsteen have all rocked the house, as have acts less familiar to Americans. Later this month, the German pop star ', u' and the drummer ', u' will perform there.', u'But the first event after the Champions League leaves town is on June 25, when ', u' plays the Olympiastadion.', u'Luis Su\xe1rez, Lionel Messi, Neymar, Carlos Tevez, Paul Pogba ... and Angus Young have a lot to live up to.']), ([u'Gold Cup Gets Priority for Second-String Mexico'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Mexico have been invited to take part in the Copa America as guests since 1993 and on many occasions their presence, if somewhat incongruous, has helped beef up the tournament.', u'They made a particularly healthy contribution in 1993, by reaching the final, and in 2007, when they beat Brazil and thumped Paraguay 6-0 before eventually losing to a Lionel Messi-inspired Argentina in the semi-finals.', u"This time, however, the tournament takes place immediately before their own confederation's Gold Cup tournament in the United States, which naturally gets priority.", u'As a result, coach Miguel Herrera has been forced to bring what is effectively a B team, choosing from players who are on the fringe of the senior squad.', u'These include 36-year-old central defender Rafael Marquez, who has played at four World Cups, and Atletico Madrid striker Raul Jimenez.', u'The Copa America has been blighted in the past by poor organisational decisions and the presence of a reserve team among the finalists can only devalue the tournament.', u'It also raises the question of why the Mexican federation accepted the invitation in the first place.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Reggae Boyz Must Revive Spirit of Indomitable Lions'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Jamaica enjoyed their finest footballing hour when they qualified for the 1998 World Cup in France to become the first English-speaking Caribbean country to play in the showpiece tournament.', u'They lost 3-1 to Croatia and 5-0 to Argentina before beating Japan 2-1, failing to reach the knockout stages but earning plaudits for their adventurous play under Brazilian coach Rene Simoes.', u'The Reggae Boyz have struggled on the international stage since, however.', u'They won the Caribbean Cup in 2005, 2008, 2010 and 2014 and reached the Gold Cup quarter-finals in 2003, 2005 and 2011 but failed to qualify for the last four World Cups.', u"Earning a place in this year's Copa America as one of two invited teams, the Jamaicans, under German coach Winfried Schaefer, will have another chance to mix it with the big boys.", u'Getting through a tough first-round group including World Cup runners-up Argentina, defending champions Uruguay and Paraguay would be a major achievement and recent results against major football countries do not bode well.', u'Jamaica were crushed 8-0 in a friendly in France last year but did win the Caribbean Cup in November with a 4-3 penalty shootout triumph over Trinidad & Tobago in the final following a 0-0 draw.', u'Home wins over Venezuela and Cuba in friendlies have lifted Jamaica to 65th in the world but if they are to perform well in Chile Schaefer must revive the spirit of his Cameroon team of 2002 when the Indomitable lions won the African Nations Cup.', u'(Reporting by Ed Osmond; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Every Lash of a Whip Adds to Urgency for Its Critics'], [u'Present it so that the horse understands.', u'Strike it in rhythm with the horse\u2019s stride, but only on the shoulders or the hindquarters. Resist its use if the horse is out of the race, or has reached its maximum placing, or is not responding. Excessive or brutal use is prohibited.', u'So states ', u' of the New York State Gaming Commission\u2019s rules of racing, which addresses the riding crop \u2014 the term preferred by a horse racing industry forever grappling with the perception of a standard piece of equipment better known as the whip.', u'With the chance that American Pharoah might claim the first ', u' since 1978 by winning the ', u' on Saturday, millions who do not normally follow horse racing may once again see jockeys whipping horses to go faster in pursuit of glory and purse. It is an image that can be heart-pounding and disturbing.', u'Concerned by what they say is largely a misperception, racing officials have toughened the rules, emphasized education and redesigned the whip. But it remains an essential tool of behavior modification, they say, given how jockeys ride: crouched out of the saddle, hovering over the half-ton animal in galloping, aerodynamic rhythm.', u'Richard Migliore, a former jockey once known for forcefully using his whip and now a prominent advocate for minimizing its use, put it this way: \u201cThe crop can be effective without being abusive.\u201d', u'Still, questions about the whip have figured into the thoroughbred American Pharoah\u2019s pursuit of the ', u'. His jockey, Victor Espinoza, was fined $300 by California racing officials in April for breaking the skin of Stellar Wind in the Santa Anita Oaks, a race she won by more than five lengths. And in last month\u2019s ', u' win, he struck American Pharoah more than 30 times, although he did not rely on his crop in a muddy win at the ', u' two weeks later.', u'How horses feel about the whip has gone largely unrecorded. But in 1854, an English writer named John Mills channeled a particularly articulate horse named Sheet Anchor, in a book called \u201cThe Life of a Racehorse.\u201d', u'\u201cLike the hare, the impulse of our nature is to flee from that which terrifies us,\u201d Sheet Anchor muses at one point. \u201cIf our physical powers of attack and defense be great, yet still we are denied the necessary courage to render them effective, otherwise it would frequently go hard indeed with those who exercise little moderation in applying the whip and spur to the exhausted but willing horse.\u201d', u'More than a century later, a former Australian jockey named Walter Hoysted crusaded against whipping racehorses, especially those doing their best. Frustrated by his failed letter-writing campaign in the mid-1960s, he put down his pen in favor of a loaded shotgun, went to a racetrack in Melbourne, and threatened to use the gun if jockeys used their whips.', u'According to \u201cHorse-Racing\u2019s Strangest Races,\u201d by Andrew Ward, his lawyer later said in his client\u2019s defense: \u201cMr. Hoysted is perhaps a humanist 10 years ahead of his time.\u201d', u'But in the United States, at least, heavy reliance on the whip continued. Migliore, who began riding in 1980, recalled that jockeys were admired for their hard use of the whip, or \u201cstick\u201d \u2014 and he was no different. By midcareer, he said, he had become so focused on winning that \u201cI lost my connection to the animal.\u201d', u'\u201cI was riding the horse and going to the whip,\u201d he said. \u201cSometimes I didn\u2019t get the desired response, but I didn\u2019t let up. Instead of relying on my instincts that I was not getting the best from my horse, I was basically abusing my horse.\u201d', u'Migliore does not look back on that part of his career with pride. But he changed.', u'So did Dr. Ted Hill, a longtime veterinarian and New York Racing Association steward who has enforced the rules for nearly 20 years. It seemed that every August, some friend or relative visiting him during the season at Saratoga Springs would ask the same question about the whip: Doesn\u2019t that hurt?', u'\u201cHaving to explain, to justify,\u201d Hill said. \u201cIt\u2019s certainly changed my thinking a little bit.\u201d', u'Also changing the collective thinking was the heartbreaking ', u' of 2008, when Eight Belles was euthanized after fracturing her front ankles. Although the whip did not play a direct role in her demise, its use figured in the reforms that followed.', u'The whip was redesigned to be more humane: shorter (no more than 30 inches), thicker (at least three-eighths of an inch in diameter), and with shock-absorbent padding (that, in the case of Stellar Wind, apparently managed to break the skin). Now it is more a tool of encouragement, officials say, with a flap that, instead of stinging the horse, makes a popping sound to keep the animal\u2019s attention.', u'Efforts have also concentrated on reducing how often a rider can strike the horse. Beginning in July, for example, jockeys racing in California will be prohibited from whipping the horse more than three times in succession without giving it a chance to respond.', u'Bo Derek, the actress, championed the changes while serving on the California Horse Racing Board. \u201cWhen you speak to the older, more experienced riders, what they\u2019ve learned is to not use the whip nearly as much,\u201d she said. \u201cA lot of this is about directing the younger riders because they get very excited.\u201d', u'In New York, the state issues a fine or penalty for excessive use of the whip. But since 2010, racing stewards have also enforced a house rule of no more than five strikes in succession, with a pause of two or three strides to see if the horse responds.', u'When a rider violates the rule, one of the tan wall phones in the jockeys\u2019 locker room will ring, Dr. Hill said, and the call will go out: \u201cMovies for Jockey A tomorrow\u201d \u2014 meaning a violation was caught on film, and the jockey will be given a $500 fine that will go to a track-related charity.', u'For his part, Migliore said he would prefer a rule even more restrictive than California\u2019s: one strike of the whip, then wait a few strides to see if the horse responds.', u'The issue is emotional for Migliore, 51, who grew up with horses; he worked at an amusement park\u2019s pony-ride concession and then at a Long Island horse farm before getting a job at the Belmont stables that would determine his career. Now, when he\u2019s not providing racing analysis or helping to educate apprentice jockeys, he is at his upstate farm, caring for an old pony, two retired show horses and a retired thoroughbred.', u'Migliore said that if a racehorse does not respond to a succession of strikes, there is no benefit to hitting it again. Trying to explain, he began to channel the animal that has been at the center of his life.', u'\u201cYou hit me once with a crop, I lunge forward,\u201d he said. \u201cYou continue, now I\u2019m confused. Now I feel like I\u2019m getting punished for it.\u201d']), ([u'Garcia Hit With Bases Full, White Sox Beat Tigers 4-3 in 11'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Alex Wilson hit Avisail Garcia with a with a pitch when the bases were loaded in the 11th inning, and the Chicago White Sox handed the Detroit Tigers their eighth straight loss, 4-3 on Friday night.', u'Adam LaRoche hit a tying solo homer off Joakim Soria with two outs in the ninth, and the four-time defending AL Central champions matched their longest skid since 2005. The Tigers also fell to .500 for the first time this year.', u'And this one really had to hurt.', u'Adam Eaton and Alexei Ramirez started the winning rally for Chicago with back-to-back singles off Wilson (1-2) before Jose Abreu was intentionally walked. That loaded the bases with none out, and Garcia got hit by a 1-2 pitch.', u'That made a winner of Jake Petricka (1-1), who worked an inning.', u'The Tigers looked as if they were on their way to a routine win after Josh Wilson broke a 1-all tie with his two-run single off Jose Quintana in the seventh.', u"But Garcia homered leading off the bottom half against Kyle Ryan. LaRoche tied it in the ninth with a drive just beyond a leaping center fielder Rajai Davis' glove, to send the game into extra innings.", u"Ryan held Chicago to two runs and three hits over seven solid innings. He settled down after giving up an RBI double to Jose Abreu in the first and did not allow another run until Garcia's drive in the seventh, making it 3-2.", u'The White Sox had the tying run on in the eighth after pinch hitter J.B. Shuck led off with a single against Joba Chamberlain. But with two outs and the runner on third, Soria came in and got Alexei Ramirez to ground out to short to end the inning.', u"He then retired the first two batters in the ninth before LaRoche drove an 0-1 pitch just beyond Davis' reach for his seventh homer. The blown save was Soria's second in 17 chances.", u'Quintana lasted seven innings, giving up three runs and nine hits.', u'He was sailing along until the seventh, when Wilson came through with a two-run single to break a 1-all tie. That happened after J.D. Martinez led off with a single and Nick Castellanos walked. The runners moved up on a bunt by James McCann, and Wilson drove them in with his hit to right-center.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Tigers: RHP Justin Verlander (strained right triceps), sidelined the entire season, is expected to throw 85 to 90 pitches Saturday in his second rehab start for Triple-A Toledo. Barring a setback, his next start will be for the Tigers, although Ausmus would not say when. ... RHP Bruce Rondon (biceps tendinitis), who was expected to join the Tigers on Friday, will make one more appearance for Toledo on Saturday, instead. He missed last season after Tommy John surgery.', u'White Sox: RHP Zach Putnam, bothered lately by a thumb injury, struck out the side in the eighth.', u'UP NEXT', u"LHP John Danks (3-4, 4.81 ERA) looks to build on an unusual shutout for the White Sox, while LHP David Price (4-2, 3.15) starts for Detroit. Danks pitched Chicago's first complete game despite allowing 10 hits \u2014 five for extra bases \u2014 in a 6-0 win at Houston on Sunday. According to STATS LLC, he is the only pitcher to give up at least 10 hits and at least five extra-base hits in a shutout going back to 1914."]), ([u'\u2018And Down the Stretch They Come!\u2019 (All Rights Reserved)'], [u'Whether he is calling an ordinary horse race or a ', u' event, Larry Collmus is never tempted to say, near the end, \u201cAnd down the stretch they come!\u201d Collmus, who will announce Saturday\u2019s ', u' on NBC, said: \u201cWhen I hear it from another announcer, I say: \u2018That\u2019s awful. You can\u2019t say that. It\u2019s Dave Johnson\u2019s line.\u2019 \u201d', u'Collmus\u2019s version, which he says with verve as the horses turn for home, is, \u201cAnd they\u2019re into the stretch.\u201d He added, \u201cIt hasn\u2019t taken off like his.\u201d', u'A few years ago, Johnson received a trademark for ', u', which he used during his ', u' race calls for ABC and many other races.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s my signature, and I kind of resent anybody using it without some sort of acknowledgment,\u201d Johnson said Thursday. \u201cUnfortunately, a couple of announcers use it indiscriminately.\u201d', u'Johnson has never sued to force anyone to stop using the phrase. Rather, he filed for the trademark protection to use the words on T-shirts sold to raise money to benefit disabled jockeys. And \u201cDown the Stretch\u201d is the name of the SiriusXM radio show he hosts with Bill Finley.', u'Johnson said he started using the expression in the 1960s, when he called the races at Fairmount Park Race Track in Collinsville, Ill. \u201cI used it, but I never put the rumble in it,\u201d he said. \u201cIt was plain.\u201d', u'But when he moved west to call the races at Santa Anita Park in California, he found that the track had an ancient sound system with reverb.', u'\u201cWhatever I called, I\u2019d get back a second later,\u201d he said. \u201cCan you imagine? So here\u2019s this 1930s sound equipment with a crowd of 80,000; the only way to be heard was to underline the phrase.\u201d', u'So Johnson starting putting a lot more vocal oomph into the words \u2014 in particular, he emphasized \u201cdown\u201d \u2014 and growled his way through it.', u'The phrase soon became popular and was identified with him. Local newscasts used his stretch calls, and fans repeated it to him.', u'\u201cI was in Atlanta in a shopping mall with my sister,\u201d he said, \u201cand a guy looked at us and said, \u2018Down the steps he comes.\u2019 \u201d', u', a Triple Crown race would have been incomplete without the phrase. Back then, Johnson said: \u201cAnd down the stretch they come! Three of them in a line. Silver Charm at the rail. Touch Gold on the outside. Touch Gold ahead in front. Fifty yards to go. Touch Gold. Touch Gold wins it by half a length, denying Silver Charm, who finished second, his Triple Crown.\u201d', u'Still, it was not until Johnson\u2019s active race-calling career ended that he filed for the trademark; he received it three years ago. He said he had been inspired by the example of ', u', the well-coiffed HBO Sports boxing ring announcer, who long ago received a trademark for his phrase, \u201cLet\u2019s get ready to rumble.\u201d Those five words have built a lively business of merchandise and appearances. Buffer\u2019s website even invites people \u201cto earn Rumble Rewards by reporting violations\u201d of his trademark.', u'Johnson and Buffer are not the only sports personalities who have trademarks \u2014 or tried for them \u2014 on signature phrases.', u'Four trademarks on \u201cHoly cow!\u201d exist for the former Chicago Cubs announcer Harry Caray \u2014 actually, for the company Harry Caray Ltd.', u'Marv Albert sought one in the 1990s for \u201cYes, and it counts!\u201d but it was canceled, according to the ', u'\u2019s website.', u'Dick Vitale has a trademark for \u201cAwesome baby\u201d but abandoned a filing for \u201cdiaper dandy.\u201d', u'The Yankees announcer John Sterling sought but never received protection for his home run call, \u201cIt is high ... it is far ... it is gone!\u201d', u'But John McEnroe has one for \u201cYou cannot be serious,\u201d and Darrell Waltrip has another for \u201cBoogity! Boogity! Boogity!\u201d', u'Last year, Bill Raftery filed for trademarks for two elements of his extensive glossary: \u201cOnions\u201d and \u201cWith a kiss.\u201d Gus Johnson, Raftery\u2019s partner on Fox Sports 1 college basketball games, already has his trademark on the catchphrase \u201cRise and fire.\u201d', u'Dave Johnson\u2019s trademark is not in danger of being violated by Collmus during Saturday\u2019s ', u'. But Johnson will be watching from his lucky couch at home in Manhattan as the horses head into the stretch.']), ([u'Ecuador Need to Reunite After Recriminations'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Ecuador need to reunite and get over the recriminations which followed their disappointing World Cup performance last year if they improve on a shocking recent record at the Copa America.', u'Ecuador were the only South American team eliminated in the group stage in Brazil and their early exit was followed by reports of bickering in the camp over bonus money.', u'Forward Antonio Valencia denied there was trouble, saying each player had agreed to be paid a percentage calculated on the amount of time he had played during the World Cup qualifiers.', u'However, Jefferson Montero gave an interview in which he said that some of the squad were too focussed on money.', u'Both players were left out of the post-World Cup friendlies under caretaker coach Sixto Vizuete but are back under new coach Gustavo Quinteros, a former Bolivia international appointed on a long-term basis in March to replace Reinaldo Rueda.', u'Ecuador have played at three of the last four World Cups, having never appeared before 2002, however the Copa America has turned into something of a bogey tournament for them.', u'They have been eliminated at the first hurdle in every tournament since 1997 and failed to win a game on their last three appearances. They have to go back to 2001 to find their last success, a 4-0 victory over Venezuela.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Colombia Capable of Serious Challenge for Title'], [u"SANTIAGO \u2014  If Colombia can keep up the momentum from last year's World Cup they could challenge favourites Brazil and Argentina and hosts Chile for the 2015 Copa America and add to their only title won on home soil in 2001.", u"The chance to see the Colombians in competitive action for the first time since last year's finals, where their free-flowing football made them one of the most entertaining of the 32 participants, should be one of the highlights in Chile.", u'Coach Jose Pekerman is still in charge and has kept the core of his squad together, minus central defender Mario Yepes who has retired from internationals.', u'Pekerman will this time be able to call on striker Radamel Falcao, who missed the World Cup through injury.', u'However, his lacklustre season at Manchester United means he could find himself fighting with Jackson Martinez, Carlos Bacca and Teo Gutierrez for a place in the starting lineup.', u'The centre of defence remains a headache and, with Cristian Zapata, who played alongside Yepes in Brazil, struggling to get into a poor AC Milan side, Pekerman might instead opt for youngsters Eder Balanta and Jeison Murillo.', u'Another worry is in midfield where the absence of the injured Fredy Guarin is a significant blow.', u"Naturally, the form of attacking midfielder James Rodriguez, the inspiration behind the World Cup performance, will be key to Colombia's hopes.", u'After a season in the shadows of Cristiano Ronaldo at Real Madrid, the 23-year-old may thrive back in the spotlight, which will be good news for Colombia and the tournament as a whole.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood in Berne; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'Crafton Wins Truck Race at Texas Again, Holds Off Suarez'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Matt Crafton was having a blast racing side-by-side with hard-charging Daniel Saurez after two late restarts.', u'Even better for Crafton was winning another NASCAR Truck Series race in Texas.', u'The final restart Friday night came with two laps left in the scheduled 167-lap race. Crafton and Saurez were pretty much side-by-side until Crafton was able to get clear out of the fourth turn and stay in front the final lap.', u'On a restart with 20 laps left, on fresher tires, Crafton and Saurez were close for several laps, even making contact at one point.', u'"We were side by side it felt like for 10 laps. I knew it wasn\'t that, but he almost had me cleared a couple of times," Crafton said. "I knew if he had me cleared, he might have won the race."', u'As for the contact, Crafton described that as "just fun. That was good side-by-side racing getting into Turn 1. ... We kind of bounced off each other."', u"Saurez started sliding sideways after the contact but was able to keep his momentum and even showed as the leader for two laps before Crafton got back in front with 12 laps to go. Crafton rebuilt a lead of about 1.1 seconds before the last caution for Daniel Hemric's spin.", u'"At one point, I thought we got it for a second. But, man, he\'s good. He\'s got a lot of experience," said Saurez, a runner-up for the second week in a row driving the No. 51 Toyota for Kyle Busch\'s team. "We\'ve got to keep learning, keep working and hopefully we can get it done soon."', u'It was the third win this year for Crafton in his No. 88 Toyota. He is the season points leader through seven races after winning the last two titles.', u'Crafton, who led a race-high 77 laps, also won at the 1 1/2-mile Texas track last June. Six of his eight career wins have come on superspeedways.', u"John Wes Townley finished third in his Chevrolet, ahead of Johnny Sauter's Toyota and Austin Theriault's Ford.", u'Crafton has finished in the top 10 in every race this season, and now has a 25-point advantage over Tyler Reddick, who overcame a pair of pit-road penalties to finish 11th, the first truck off the lead lap.', u'Saurez has been in the top 10 in all six of his starts.', u'Erik Jones was the polesitter and led 68 laps just days after his 19th birthday, and a year after walking across the stage at Texas during prerace introductions in a cap and gown on the same night he was in the truck race instead of at his high school graduation ceremony in Swartz Creek, Michigan.', u'Jones, still third in season points, had issues with his alternator, and changed the battery on pit road at least three times. He finished 15th at the track where in April he won in the Xfinity Series.']), ([u'Walker, Marte Hit Homers as Hot Pirates Top Braves 10-8'], [u'ATLANTA \u2014  Neil Walker and Starling Marte homered, and the streaking Pittsburgh Pirates held off the Atlanta Braves 10-8 on Friday night.', u"Walker hit a three-run drive, a towering shot deep into the right-field seats off Williams Perez in the fifth inning. Marte's two-run homer off Luis Avilan (2-1) gave the Pirates a 6-4 lead in the sixth.", u'Pirates catcher Francisco Cervelli drove in two runs with four hits, matching his career high.', u'The Pirates, coming off a three-game sweep at San Francisco, have won four straight and 12 of 14.', u'Charlie Morton (3-0) allowed four runs, three earned, in five innings.', u"Four Braves relievers combined to allow six runs. Atlanta's bullpen has given up 13 runs in the last three games \u2014 all losses.", u"Pirates closer Mark Melancon gave up a one-out single to A.J. Pierzynski in the ninth before being hurt by his own throwing error. Melancon fielded Todd Cunningham's grounder, but his wild throw to second base set up Pedro Ciriaco's run-scoring single to left field.", u'Joey Terdoslavich, making his season debut after missing the first two months with a sprained left wrist, hit into a double play to end the game. Melancon earned his 17th save.', u'The Pirates scored three runs on five hits off Trevor Cahill in the eighth.', u"Cervelli led off the eighth with his third single and scored on Sean Rodriguez's double-play grounder. Gregory Polanco singled, stole second and scored on Marte's single, pushing the lead to 8-5. Andrew McCutchen added a run-scoring double.", u"Atlanta answered with two runs off Tony Watson in the eighth. Cameron Maybin's single, his third hit, drove in Cunningham.", u"Pittsburgh added a run in the ninth on Cervelli's run-scoring double off Nick Masset.", u'Perez, a rookie right-hander making his fourth start, threw 101 pitches in five innings. He allowed four runs on five hits and five walks and left with the game tied 4-all.', u'Pittsburgh took the lead against Avilan, who entered with two outs in the sixth. Following a single by Polanco, Marte lined a homer into the front row of the right-field seats for a 6-4 lead.', u'Polanco had two singles and a walk and stole two bases.', u'ROSTER MOVE', u'Before the game, Braves outfielder Eric Young Jr. was designated for assignment.', u'Young was hitting .169 with no homers, five RBIs and three stolen bases. He became a little-used backup after Cameron Maybin won the starting job in center field.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Pirates: 3B Josh Harrison was rested before entering the game in the eighth. Jung Ho Kang started at third base and Jordy Mercer was the shortstop.', u"Braves: 2B Jace Peterson has a bruised left thumb and isn't expected to be available to hit before Sunday. Manager Fredi Gonzalez said Peterson has no structural damage and is available as a pinch-runner or late-inning defensive replacement. Ciriaco started for Peterson.", u'UP NEXT', u'Pirates: LHP Jeff Locke, who faces the Braves on Saturday night, is 3-3 with a 5.34 ERA after winning his first two decisions. He is 1-1 with a 6.20 ERA in four career starts against Atlanta. He allowed six runs in four innings in a loss at Turner Field last year.', u'Braves: RHP Julio Teheran (4-2) will look for his third straight win against the Pirates. Teheran is 2-0 with a 2.70 ERA in four career games, including three starts, against Pittsburgh.']), ([u"Venable Hits First of Padres' 3 Homers in 6-2 Win Over Reds"], [u"CINCINNATI \u2014  Will Venable hit the first of San Diego's three solo homers on Friday night, taking advantage of Jon Moscot's shaky debut, and the Padres pulled away to a 6-2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds in a rain-delayed game.", u'Will Middlebrooks and Derek Norris also connected for the Padres, who matched their season high for homers. Every starter except the pitcher had a hit.', u"The Reds lost for the 13th time in 18 games, unable to overcome a rough first inning by another rookie starter. They've used four rookies in the rotation this season.", u'Moscot (0-1) was called up to fill in for the injured Raisel Iglesias. The right-hander threw 37 pitches in the first inning alone, walking three batters \u2014 including Yonder Alonso with the bases loaded.', u'Tyson Ross improved to 4-0 in his career against the Reds by going five innings before heavy rain moved in.']), ([u'Rangers Rookie Gonzalez Shuts Out Royals on 3 Hits, 4-0'], [u'KANSAS CITY, Mo. \u2014  The next run Chi Chi Gonzalez gives up in the majors will be his first.', u'"It is going to be sad," Gonzalez said, then laughed.', u'Gonzalez threw a three-hit shutout in his second major league start as the Texas Rangers beat the skidding Kansas City Royals 4-0 Friday night.', u'The Royals lost for the eighth time in 10 games, while the Rangers have won six of seven and 14 of 18 to move into second place in the AL West behind Houston.', u"Gonzalez (2-0), the Rangers' 2013 first-round draft pick out of Oral Roberts, has not allowed a run and yielded only five hits in 14 2-3 innings in his first two starts. He checked the Royals on three singles, walked two and struck out two.", u'"I had the same jitters just because it was my first away start," said Gonzalez, but he kept the sellout crowd at Kauffman Stadium quiet.', u'Gonzalez worked around five walks in 5 2-3 innings to top Boston 8-0 on May 30 in his big league debut.', u'"I threw more strikes and got ahead of a lot more hitters than in my last outing, which is what I was hoping to do," Gonzalez said.', u'He threw 102 pitches in eight innings, and pitching coach Mike Maddux visited him in the dugout.', u'"I sat down and got a drink of water, Mike came up to me and asked how I was feeling," Gonzalez said. "I said I felt strong, I felt good. He said \'all right, go get \'em." That was the end of that conversation."', u'Manager Jeff Banister said it "was not an easy decision" to send him out for the ninth.', u'"This is a young man that\'s fresh in the big leagues, second major league start," Banister said. "I\'m very conscious of where he is. I felt like there was not a lot of stress on any of the innings. I felt he was in still in control, the velocity and pitchability was still there. We had a pitch count we weren\'t going beyond.', u'"We had (Shawn) Tolleson ready if he got into any trouble. He didn\'t get into any trouble."', u"Mitch Moreland led off the Rangers' three-run sixth with a homer. Robinson Chirinos celebrated his 31st birthday with a two-run single to finish right-hander Edinson Volquez's night.", u'Volquez (4-4) gave up four runs and six hits, while striking out six and walking three in 5 1-3 innings.', u'Gonzalez, who retired 12 in a row after walking Lorenzo Cain in the first, did not allow a Royal to reach second base until the seventh. Eric Hosmer had a bunt single and Kendrys Morales walked, but Alex Gordon grounded into an inning-ending double play.', u'"We went through him four times today and still couldn\'t solve him," Royals manager Ned Yost said of Gonzalez.', u"Delino DeShields led off the game with a triple and scored on Shin-Soo Choo's groundout.", u'PHENOM TAMED', u'Joey Gallo, who hit .417 with two homers and five RBIs in his first three Rangers games, struck out four times, three looking.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Rangers: RHP Neftali Feliz (abscess near his right armpit) will begin a rehab assignment Saturday with Triple-A Round Rock. He is scheduled to throw an inning. . OF-IF Ryan Rua (right heel fracture) went 1 for 2 with a two-run homer and was hit by a pitch Thursday in his first rehab game with Round Rock at Reno.', u'Royals: RHP Kris Medlen (rehabbing from 2014 elbow surgery) will throw off the mound Sunday before returning to Arizona to continue to build up arm strength.', u'UP NEXT', u'Rangers: LHP Wandy Rodriguez will make his first June start after a Texas-best 3.22 ERA in May.', u'Royals: RHP Yordano Ventura gave up a season-high 10 hits, including two homers, in a May 13 loss at Texas.']), ([u'Dunga Aims to Get Brazil Back to Winning Ways'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Brazil come into the Copa America desperate to regain some international credibility a year after they failed so miserably in their home World Cup.', u'The Brazilians were hammered 7-1 by Germany in the semi-final and the defeat confirmed the once great selecao were no longer a team to be feared and had instead become just another sometimes good, sometimes bad footballing nation.', u'They will be buoyed by recent results, however, with eight wins out of eight since Dunga took over following that drubbing.', u'Moreover, the famously aggressive coach -- in his second stint as national manager -- has an enviable track record in the tournament, winning it in 2007 with an understrength side in Venezuela.', u'This time around his side will be missing some key components with Real Madrid left back Marcelo and first-choice midfielder Luiz Gustavo withdrawing due to knocks.', u'Goalkeeper Diego Alves also dropped out and Chelsea midfielder Oscar was left out of the squad to give him time to recover from injury.', u'Neymar will be playing in the Champions League final with Barcelona and will miss the first of the warm-up games against Mexico on Sunday and the forward could also be rested for the Honduras friendly three days later.', u'But those withdrawals will not unduly worry Dunga, particularly given that Brazil have one of the easiest groups in section C with Peru, Colombia and Venezuela.', u'His squad features four uncapped players, full backs Geferson and Fabinho and goalkeepers Marcelo Grohe and Neto, and he believes the Copa America is important because it will help him fine-tune his side for the World Cup qualifiers.', u'Brazil have won four of the last six Copas, dating back to 1997.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Downie in Sao Paulo; Editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u"Lind's Big Night Sparks Brewers in 10-5 Win Over Twins"], [u'MINNEAPOLIS \u2014  Adam Lind hit a three-run homer among his three hits and drove in six runs to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10-5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night.', u'Lind connected in the third inning, had an RBI double in the eighth and a two-run single in the ninth. Jean Segura and Jonathan Lucroy also went deep for the Brewers, who had lost nine of 11.', u'Joe Mauer had two hits, including a three-run homer, for the Twins (32-22). But Torii Hunter and Kurt Suzuki misplayed flyballs in the eighth inning to allow the majors-worst Brewers (19-36) to break a tie and go on to beat the team with the second-best record in the American League.', u"With two outs and Carlos Gomez on second base, Lind hit a laser off of Aaron Thompson to right field that Hunter misjudged. It went over Hunter's head and Gomez scored easily for a 6-5 lead. Lucroy then hit a popup in front of the mound and the catcher Suzuki was late to go after it. It fell in front of him and Lind hustled around from second base.", u'Both plays were ruled hits, and the Brewers put three more on the board in the ninth to pull away.', u'Blaine Boyer (1-2) took the loss.', u'Kyle Gibson struck out a career-high nine in seven innings for Minnesota, but gave up five runs on five hits in his first three innings. Segura opened the game with a shot to left, Lucroy led off the second with one to center and Lind put the Brewers up 5-0 in the third inning.', u'The Twins scratched two across in the fifth before Mauer, who was asked to bunt in the ninth inning of a tie game against the Red Sox on Thursday, hit his second homer of the season to tie it at 5.', u'Kyle Lohse gave up five runs and eight hits and struck out four in six innings for Milwaukee. Jeremy Jeffress (2-0) pitched two innings of scoreless relief for the win.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Brewers: Ryan Braun returned after missing the game Wednesday to fly to California for a procedure to try to ease the inflammation in his right thumb. He is expected to be in the lineup on Saturday. Braun had a similar procedure done on his thumb last October. He said that the doctor is hopeful that it will be good for the remainder of the season.', u'Twins: RHP Ricky Nolasco, on the disabled list with an injured right ankle, will get a cortisone injection to try to relieve the discomfort a bone fragment is causing. GM Terry Ryan said the fragment is from an old injury but surgery has not been considered.', u'UP NEXT', u'The Twins will send Rule 5 draft pick J.R. Graham to the mound for his first big league start. Graham is getting a spot start because the Twins played a doubleheader on Wednesday. Graham has a 3.10 ERA with 17 strikeouts and seven walks in 20 1-3 innings in relief this season. The Brewers will send former Twin Matt Garza (3-7, 5.52) to the mound. He is 0-4 with a 7.48 ERA in his last five starts.', u'___', u"This story has been corrected to show that Lind's hit in the eighth inning was off of Aaron Thompson, not Blaine Boyer."]), ([u'A-Rod 4 Hits, Moves Up Career Lists as Yanks Hold Off Angels'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Alex Rodriguez moved past Barry Bonds for second place on the career RBIs list and got four hits Friday night as the New York Yankees built a huge lead, then scrambled to hold off the Los Angeles Angels 8-7 for their fourth straight victory.', u'Down 8-1 in the ninth inning, the Angels rallied for six runs with the help of a routine popup that dropped between two infielders for a single. Their first eight batters reached base against Esmil Rogers and Dellin Betances.', u'The Angels still had the bases loaded with no outs, trailing 8-6. Betances, nicked for an earned run for the first time this season, retired the next three batters for his second save. He struck out pinch-hitter Carlos Perez with runners at the corners to end it, sending Los Angeles to its third loss in a row.', u"Light-hitting Stephen Drew homered twice and Mark Teixeira connected early as the Yankees took advantage of their ballpark's short porch in right field and Jered Weaver's soft tosses.", u"Rodriguez singled for his 1,997th RBI and trails only Hank Aaron (2,297) on the chart kept by the Elias Sports Bureau, baseball's official record keeper. The RBI didn't become an official stat until 1920 and that cost Babe Ruth, credited with over 2,200 on other tallies.", u'A-Rod scored his 1,950th run, breaking a tie with Stan Musial for eighth place. Rodriguez has 2,991 career hits.', u'Nathan Eovaldi (5-1) left with a 4-0 lead after walking the bases loaded with one out in the sixth inning.', u"Weaver (4-5) exited after his final pitch, an 82 mph fastball, was put into the seats by Drew for a solo shot with two outs in the sixth for a 7-1 lead. That was among 14 pitches in the inning that Weaver didn't throw faster than 83 mph.", u'Drew also hit a two-run drive in the second for his third career multihomer game and first since 2013. He began the day batting .165.', u'A three-time All-Star, Weaver had won his previous four decisions. That came after he was roughed up in losing four straight times to start the year, prompting him to adjust his mechanics and gain a little more velocity.', u"Weaver appeared to be miffed by some of the Angels' infield shifts. He didn't seem to enjoy the short dimensions at Yankee Stadium, either. He fell to 1-3 with an 8.71 ERA in five starts at the ballpark.", u'After Teixeira lofted his 17th homer, a two-run fly in the third, Weaver looked into the Los Angeles dugout and stuck his arm out with a blank expression. When the inning ended, he flipped his glove in the air as he walked to the bench.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Angels: RHP Matt Shoemaker will be in the bullpen this weekend, but there aren't any injury concerns. The Angels have a couple of off-days, and manager Mike Scioscia wants to keep his other starters fresh.", u"Yankees: C Brian McCann, bothered recently by an arch problem, started and doubled. ... RHP Michael Pineda will skip a start and next pitch Friday night at Baltimore. Manager Joe Girardi said there aren't any health concerns with Pineda, who has been injury plagued in his career. Instead, the team wants to limit his innings. ... OF Carlos Beltran has a sore foot, and could start Saturday.", u'UP NEXT', u"Angels: RHP Garrett Richards (5-3, 3.26) made his major league debut at Yankee Stadium in 2011. He's 0-2 in four career games vs. New York going into Saturday night's start.", u'Yankees: RHP Adam Warren (3-4, 3.75) has pitched shutout ball into the sixth inning in his last two starts.']), ([u"Oceania's Battle to Be Heard Boosted by U-20 World Cup Wins"], [u'WELLINGTON \u2014  Maiden wins for New Zealand and Fiji in the under-20 World Cup can only be good for Oceania football in the long-term, according to New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley.', u'The Junior All Whites scored their first win at the bi-annual tournament when they hammered Asian debutants Myanmar 5-1 in Wellington on Friday, a little more than 24 hours after Fiji upset Honduras 3-0.', u'Both sides can still advance to the knockout round of 16, with New Zealand looking to qualify as one of the four best third-placed teams and Fiji hoping to finish second in Group F if they beat Uzbekistan on Sunday.', u'"Massive congratulations to Fiji. That is an ... inspiring story," Bazeley told reporters on Friday after his side\'s first victory in the tournament.', u'"It\'s brilliant for Oceania. It\'s a big bonus for the area to have some wins from the confederation at the World Cup.', u'"Hopefully the area is going stronger and stronger and we will be qualifying for the senior World Cups."', u"The two wins will do no harm for FIFA's weakest confederation in its bid for more top-class opportunities for their senior sides, while aiding the argument for direct entry to the senior men's World Cup.", u"Oceania is made up of 11 nations in the South Pacific, eight of whom are in the bottom 20 of FIFA's rankings, with New Zealand the strongest in the vast but sparsely populated region.", u"The Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) only has half a qualifying spot for the men's World Cups, with the winner of the region forced into an inter-continental playoff for the finals, often against opponents in the Americas.", u"Direct entry for the OFC for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups had been mooted by embattled FIFA President Sepp Blatter but was rejected by the world governing body's Executive Committee last week, prompting a forceful expression of disappointment by New Zealand Football.", u"However, Blatter's announcement of his resignation this week in the wake of the corruption scandal could give NZF and the OFC an opportunity to push for more meaningful matches and direct entry to the World Cup, according to NZF chief executive Andy Martin.", u'"Any new leader coming into FIFA would need to have a look at the geographical split and the balance across the confederations," Martin told Reuters.', u'"I\'m fairly new into football into New Zealand in the last 12 months but it is fairly clear that Oceania is the poor relation and something needs to change to get a balance."', u'While direct qualification for Oceania to the World Cups would be "nice", it would not be conducive to the standards of football in the region to be given "entry on the cheap", Martin said.', u'"From a New Zealand Football perspective, we need more competitive games on a regular basis," he added.', u'"What we want is a route that is competitive ... and gives us a shot at qualifying for the World Cup as opposed to the random nature we have at the moment where we face one of the top South American nations."', u"Martin felt OFC's future lay with a closer alignment with Asia, with one qualifying route suggested being the Oceania winner joining the final round of qualifying matches within the AFC, or facing off with an Asian side for the final spot.", u'"That is one of the points we\'re lobbying hard for," he said. "We are working hard to find what that Asian link is and this is something we will be talking to any prospective candidates for the presidency now."', u'(Editing by Ian Ransom)']), ([u"Chaotic Preparations Add to Bolivia's Worries"], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Bolivia have not won a match at any of the last five Copa America tournaments and the chaotic events of the last few months have only added to the feeling that they are in line for another early exit.', u'They have had three different coaches in charge for their last three matches due to administrative problems and have yet to play a match this year.', u'Old favourite Xabier Azkargorta was fired after a 1-0 defeat against Mexico in September, then Mauricio Soria took the reigns on a caretaker basis for a 2-2 draw against Chile in October.', u'Soria was set to be appointed on a permanent basis but then, as coach of Blooming, caused an outcry with comments he made in a private conversation, but which were taped and made public, about the city of Potosi.', u'Nestor Clausen took over for a 3-2 win against Venezuela in November, however Soria publicly apologised in Potosi for his comments in December and was re-appointed.', u'He was due to return in March, only for Bolivia to pull out of a friendly in Nigeria over security fears. They now have just one game, a friendly against Argentina, to prepare for the tournament.', u'Critics say that, in the World Cup qualifiers, Bolivia are overdependent on the advantage of playing home matches in La Paz at 3,600 metres above sea level.', u'That appears to be born out by their recent Copa America record. After hosting and reaching the final in 1997, Bolivia have been knocked out in the group stage on the five subsequent occasions with seven defeats and eight draws in 15 games.', u'(Writing by Brian Homewood; Editing by Justin Palmer)']), ([u"Messi Dreams of Ending Argentina's 22-Year Wait"], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Lionel Messi\u2019s Argentina will attempt to end a 22-year wait for a major title by adding the Copa America to the remarkable array of trophies the little maestro has won with Barcelona.', u'\u201cWe have the obligation to play well and fight for all championships. It has been a long time since Argentina last won anything so we must win the Copa America,\u201d Messi said in an interview in the Argentine FA magazine.', u'Argentina will be hoping after their defeat in the World Cup final in Brazil last year that they can repeat history.', u'They travelled to Chile in 1991 having lost the 1990 World Cup final in Italy and won the Copa America, which they retained two years later in Ecuador.', u"Argentina's captain believes his team can gain from the experience acquired from so many setbacks, including defeats by Brazil in the 2004 and 2007 Copa America finals.", u'\u201cWe are at a special time in our careers, we\u2019re coming from a World Cup in which we came very close to glory and that urges us on and helps us to feel strong for what\u2019s ahead.\u201d', u'Helping Messi will be Juventus striker Carlos Tevez, back in the side after his missed penalty in a shootout was the last kick an Argentina player took at a Copa America, handing Uruguay their quarter-final victory in 2011.', u'Gerardo Martino is Argentina\u2019s second coach since Sergio Batista lost his job after that defeat, having succeeded World Cup coach Alejandro Sabella last year, and has brought an attacking imprint to the team.', u'He has a squad full of talent and an enviable \u201cproblem\u201d deciding between Tevez, Sergio Aguero and Gonzalo Higuain for the central striker\u2019s role.', u'But he will be waiting for Messi and Tevez until almost the last minute after they meet on opposite sides on Saturday when Barca face Juve in the Champions League final in Berlin.', u'The pair, plus Barcelona\u2019s Javier Mascherano and Juventus midfielder Roberto Pereyra, will join the squad in Chile the next day, only six days before Argentina open their Group B campaign against 2011 runners-up Paraguay in La Serena.', u'Argentina face holders Uruguay at the same venue three days later before meeting Jamaica in Vina del Mar on June 20.', u'(Reporting by Luis Ampuero in Buenos Aires; Writing by Rex Gowar; editing by Ken Ferris)']), ([u'New Zealand and Netherlands Clash for First World Cup Win'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  Canada and China will provide the main event when they kickoff the Women's World Cup on Saturday but the Netherlands and New Zealand will provide an intriguing nightcap to opening day.", u"For New Zealand it will be their fourth World Cup but arrive in the Alberta capital searching for a first win on the sport's biggest stage.", u'Considered the tournament dark horse by many, New Zealand had the easiest passage into the tournament needing just five days and three matches to secure their place outscoring their opponents 30-0.', u'But the 17th ranked Football Ferns are sure to find the going much tougher in Canada starting with a young, talented Dutch side, who are surprisingly making their World Cup debut.', u'"Every game is going to be close and this one will be no different," New Zealand coach Tony Readings told reporters. "Holland are 12th in the world for a reason.', u'"Of all the teams I have seen play recently they are the one that embraces possession style football more than most teams.', u'"They\'ve got the players to do it and play to their strengths."', u'Despite having never played in a World Cup the Dutch do not lack for experience with five players with more than 100 caps.', u'The Dutch are well organized defensively and have plenty of power up front in veteran Manon Melis and 18-year-old Vivianne Miedema, who could emerge as one of the players of the tournament.', u"Melis, 28, has spent 12 years on the national team and is her country's all-time leading scorer with 54 goals while Miedema led the Dutch with 16 goals in the qualifiers, including the decisive away goal in Italy that ensured they advanced.", u'"We have a good team, everybody is talking about Miedema and she is a great player, a young talent but I think we have more than that, it is a team," said Dutch coach Roger Reijners, who has set the goal of finishing among the top three European teams, which ensures they qualify for the 2016 Rio Olympics.', u'"We are newcomers and it is good for us and our team to play games against world class teams make us better.', u'"Of course we want to win our games but we will see how far we go."', u'(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u"Posey's Homer Helps Giants to 5-4 Win Over Phillies"], [u"PHILADELPHIA \u2014  The Giants' offense gave Tim Lincecum plenty of support. The Phillies gave him some help, too.", u'Buster Posey hit the go-ahead home run in the seventh inning, and Matt Duffy and Justin Maxwell also homered, helping the San Francisco Giants snap a five-game skid with a 5-4 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies on Friday night.', u"The defending World Series champions spent Thursday's off day visiting the White House for the third time in five years. Right-hander Tim Lincecum didn't make the trip to Washington, instead flying by himself from San Francisco to Philadelphia to be fully rested for Friday's start.", u"Lincecum (6-3) didn't have his best stuff, but was good enough, allowing four runs on five hits in six innings, with four strikeouts and two walks.", u'"The guys kept me in the game," Lincecum said. "I just wanted to give the team a chance to win. The guys put together some good at-bats for me."', u'Joe Panik contributed two hits with a double for the Giants, who won their fourth straight on the road and 10th in the last 13 in Philadelphia. San Francisco opened a six-game road trip.', u'"It was a good win because we\'ve come off a tough skid at home," manager Bruce Bochy said. "It\'s always good to get that first game of a road trip."', u'Ryan Howard and Maikel Franco homered for Philadelphia, which has lost nine of 11.', u'Posey snapped a 4-4 tie with his ninth homer of the season with two outs in the seventh off Luis Garcia (2-2). Posey finished 2 for 4, breaking out of a 4-for-28 slump. Clearly, Posey is very comfortable at Citizens Bank Park: he is now a .400 career hitter there.', u'"Just looking for a pitch I could handle and get the barrel on it," he said.', u"The Phillies' threat in the bottom of the frame was put out by an odd double play. With runners on first and third and one out, Jeff Francoeur flied out to shallow right. Ben Revere took off from first on the pitch and reached second base, apparently thinking the ball was going to fall in, but failed to touch second base on the way back to first. The Giants appealed the play and Revere was called out.", u'"Everybody was yelling, especially (pitching coach Dave Righetti)," Bochy said. "It was a good call."', u"Phillies manager Ryne Sandberg suggested that Revere didn't know the rule.", u'"He went right over the top (of the base)," Sandberg said. "I don\'t know that he knew he has to do that."', u'Revere, though, said he knew the rule and just missed the bag.', u'"I was trying to get my butt back to (first base)," he said. "I thought I put my foot on the bag, but it was a half-inch. That\'s all it takes. In that situation, I tried to get back as quick as possible. It\'s unfortunate."', u'Santiago Casilla pitched a 1-2-3 ninth for his 16th save in 19 opportunities.', u'Right-hander Jerome Williams started for Philadelphia and matched his shortest outing of the season, giving up four runs on nine hits in 4 1/3 innings with two strikeouts and no walks.', u'"Those two homers kind of hurt," he said. "It\'s about location, that\'s the main thing. I still think I can get those guys out."', u'Howard staked Philadelphia to a 2-0 lead in the first with a two-out drive to right field, his fifth homer in 34 at-bats against Lincecum.', u"Duffy, who entered 5 for his last 31, got a run back in the second with a solo shot to right. Williams' opposite-field, two-out double in the bottom of the inning gave Philadelphia a 3-1 advantage.", u"The Giants tied it in the fourth on Maxwell's two-out, two-run drive to left that measured 433 feet. Like Duffy, Maxwell had been 5 for 31 entering Friday. Both finished with a pair of hits.", u"San Francisco took a 4-3 lead in the fifth on Brandon Crawford's RBI single off Elvis Araujo. The run was charged to Williams, whose fifth-inning ERA rose to 12.66.", u'Franco tied it in the sixth with a solo shot to left.', u"DUFFY'S DIVE", u'Duffy dived into the stands and made a highlight-reel catch, falling halfway over the railing just past the third-base dugout, for the second out in the ninth.', u'"He has a great attitude," Bochy said of the third baseman. "He\'s handled everything we\'ve asked of him. It\'s hard to keep him out."', u'FRANCO ON FIRE', u'It was the third homer in four games for Franco, who is batting .412 with seven RBIs over that stretch.', u'"Franco continues to show pop in his bat," Sandberg said.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Giants: OF Nori Aoki (flu) wasn't in the starting lineup, but was available to pinch-hit. Aoki entered leading the majors with a road batting average of .386. OF Hunter Pence (wrist) missed his second straight game. RHP Jean Machi (left groin) was placed on the 15-day DL, and 3B Casey McGehee was recalled from Triple-A. McGehee struck out pinch-hitting in the seventh.", u'Phillies: Sandberg rested healthy INF Freddy Garcia, mired in an 0-for-26 slump.', u'UP NEXT', u'Giants: LHP Madison Bumgarner (6-2, 3.12) looks to continue his success against Philadelphia when he takes the mound Saturday afternoon. Bumgarner is 2-2 with a 2.57 ERA in five careers starts against the Phillies and allowed one earned run in 15 innings over two starts last season.', u'Phillies: RHP Severino Gonzalez (2-1, 6.88) makes his fifth career start and first against the Giants. Gonzalez had an up-and-down outing in his last start, striking out eight and walking none but giving up two home runs and three runs in 4 1/3 innings in a 6-3 loss to the Mets on May 25.']), ([u'Antron Brown Leads Top Fuel Qualifying'], [u'ENGLISHTOWN, N.J. \u2014  Points leader Antron Brown led Top Fuel qualifying Friday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park.', u"Brown, the 2012 series champion and a two-time winner this season, powered his dragster to a 3.725-second pass at 317.57 mph. He's from nearby Chesterfield.", u'"This track is so good it can actually yield better numbers," Brown said. "We were going for it. Once the car took off, I felt my car jump up on the tire and I was like, \'Oh, she\'s on one.\' I looked at the scoreboard and we nipped a 72. That thing was running hard. It\'s going to be a good weekend."', u'Cruz Pedregon topped the Funny Car division, Erica Enders paced the Pro Stock field, and Hector Arana Jr. was the fastest in Pro Stock Motorcycle.', u'Pedregon had a 3.967 at 306.53 in a Toyota Camry. Enders, the points leader and a three-time winner this year, finished in 6.508 at 213.06 a Chevy. Arana had a 6.849 at 196.53 on a Buell.']), ([u'Wieters, Jones Lead Orioles Past Indians 5-2'], [u'CLEVELAND \u2014  Matt Wieters knows how to complete a comeback.', u'Wieters, playing his first game in over a year after elbow surgery, had two hits and two RBIs, and the Baltimore Orioles defeated the Cleveland Indians 5-2 on Friday night.', u'"I felt like I was back to what I love doing," Wieters said. "It was a great feeling. It makes you think of all the hard work and that had to go into just getting back here."', u'Adam Jones hit a tie-breaking home run in the sixth and Chris Tillman (3-7) won for the first time since April 18, allowing two runs in 6 1-3 innings.', u"Wieters' double over the head of left fielder David Murphy in the fourth scored Chris Davis for the game's first run. He added a single in the sixth and a sacrifice fly in the eighth.", u'The three-time All-Star catcher played for first time since May 10 of last season, when he was shut down because of a sore right elbow. Wieters had Tommy John surgery on June 17, which was followed by a long recovery period. He spent time at extended spring training and on a minor league rehab assignment before re-joining the Orioles.', u'Wieters admitted to feeling some nerves as he prepared for the game.', u'"I had a little bit of a heartbeat going, but I felt pretty calm, pretty comfortable," he said. "I think my first rehab game actually had a little more of a heartbeat going."', u'Orioles manager Buck Showalter was impressed.', u'"We didn\'t need Matt to have a good game to remind us what he\'s capable of," Showalter said. "I\'m glad for him and his family to feel good about tonight. It\'s been a long journey for him."', u"Jones' leadoff homer in the sixth off Shaun Marcum (2-1) landed in the left field bleachers and broke a 2-2 tie. Jones added an RBI triple in the eighth.", u'Jones also hit a tie-breaking homer \u2014 his first in 84 at-bats \u2014 in the eighth inning Thursday against Houston that broke a five-game losing streak.', u'Zach Britton pitched the ninth for his 15th save, which led to the best moment of the night for Wieters.', u'"It was nice to get the first win out of the way," he said. "That\'s what you miss the most. You don\'t miss the individual things. You miss getting to go through the line shaking hands after the game."', u"Tillman took a one-hit shutout into the fifth before the Indians tied the game on RBI singles by Jason Kipnis and Michael Brantley. Tillman's previous seven starts had produced some tough numbers: The right-hander was 0-6 with a 6.10 ERA.", u'Ryan Flaherty had an RBI single in the fourth.', u"Major League Baseball upheld Orioles pitcher Brian Matusz's eight-game suspension for having a foreign substance on his arm during a game, but Baltimore's bullpen pitched 2 2-3 shutout innings.", u"THIS BUD'S FOR YOU", u'Baltimore RHP Bud Norris (bronchitis) will be activated off the 15-day disabled list and start Sunday against the Indians. Norris went 1-4 with a 9.88 ERA in six starts prior to falling ill.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Orioles: SS J.J. Hardy (sore left side) started for the first time since May 31. He didn't start in any of the four games in Houston, but was a defensive replacement Thursday.", u'Indians: Brantley, who has been dealing with a sore back since spring training, was the DH for the second straight game.', u'UP NEXT', u'Orioles: RHP Ubaldo Jimenez, who helped pitch Cleveland to the playoffs in 2013, will look for his third win in four starts Saturday. He got a no-decision against Houston on Monday, allowing two runs and striking out eight in six-plus innings.', u"Indians: RHP Danny Salazar lost his only career appearance against the Orioles last season, allowing two runs in five innings. He's 2-0 in three starts at Progressive Field this season."]), ([u"Ambidextrous A's Pitcher Makes Debut in Red Sox's Win"], [u'BOSTON \u2014  The Athletics and Red Sox came to a stop while a woman was treated for life-threatening injuries after she was struck by a broken bat that flew into the stands.', u'Concerned players watched. The crowd went quiet.', u"Everything that followed meant little Friday night \u2014 Oakland's Pat Venditte becoming the first pitcher in 20 years to throw with both arms in the same game, Wade Miley pitching impressively for Boston, the Red Sox beating the Athletics 4-2.", u'"Any time anybody\'s taken off the field on a stretcher you have your fingers crossed," Oakland manager Bob Melvin said. "You realize that that\'s a lot more important than a baseball game."', u"With one out in the top of the second inning, Oakland's Brett Lawrie's bat broke on his groundout to second and flew into the stands between home plate and third base. Medical personnel rushed to the box seat where the woman, whose head was bloodied, was sitting. There's no netting in front of the seats in that area.", u'Josh Reddick finished the inning with another groundout to second.', u'Then, with Mookie Betts waiting to lead off the bottom of the second for Boston, play was delayed for several minutes while the woman was treated, placed on a stretcher and wheeled away for more treatment.', u'"I heard her," Betts said. "I looked around, saw some blood and looked away."', u'Boston police spokesman David Estrada confirmed the bat hit the fan and said her injuries were life threatening. She was taken to Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center.', u'"There was just some bad luck," Lawrie said. "There\'s really no time (for fans) to react behind the dish. ... Unfortunately, everything\'s so close behind there.', u'"Hopefully, everything\'s all right," he added.', u"Dustin Pedroia had three hits for Boston, which led 3-0 after four innings and ended Oakland's four-game winning streak.", u'Miley (5-5) allowed an RBI single to Marc Canha in the fifth, but Boston made it 4-1 on a run-scoring single by Brock Holt in the bottom of the inning off Scott Kazmir (2-4).', u'"He\'s settled in to the type of pitcher he was for three years in Arizona," before Boston traded for him before this season, Red Sox manager John Farrell said. "Take away the first three, four starts of the season and he\'s gotten back to attacking the strike zone down."', u'Lawrie led off the seventh with his fifth homer of the year.', u'Miley allowed two runs on six hits in 7 1-3 innings. Junichi Tazawa got the last two outs in the eighth and Koji Uehara escaped a second-and-third jam in the ninth for his 12th save in 14 opportunities.', u'Venditte entered the game to start the eighth for his major league debut and became the first pitcher since Greg A. Harris with Montreal on Sept. 28, 1995, to throw with both arms in the same game. He was called up Friday from Triple-A Nashville in his eighth minor league season. The Fenway Park organist played Joni Mitchell\'s, "Both Sides, Now," as Venditte made his way to the mound.', u'He started throwing warmup pitches with his right hand then switched to his left to face lefty Holt, who grounded out to first.', u'Venditte then pitched right-handed to Hanley Ramirez, who singled, and to Mike Napoli, who grounded into a double play. In two innings, Venditte allowed one hit and had one strikeout.', u'"Whatever attention comes with it is fine, but we\'re here to win games," Venditte said. "It doesn\'t matter if I\'m pitching with both hands or one. It\'s one effort."', u"Boston took a 1-0 lead in the first when Pedroia singled and scored when Holt doubled and left fielder Ben Zobrist made an error trying to field the ball. Ramirez hit a sacrifice fly in the third. In the fourth, Xander Bogaerts doubled and scored on Betts' infield single and a throwing error by third baseman Lawrie.", u'BIG CHANCE', u"Left fielder Alejandro De Aza, in his first game with Boston since being obtained from Baltimore, rushed in to make the game-ending catch on Canha's liner.", u'"Even though we didn\'t play the greatest game in the world," Melvin said, "we were there at the end and one swing away at potentially taking the lead."', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u"Athletics: C Stephen Vogt sat out the game after having leg cramps while chasing a foul pop in Thursday's win at Detroit. Josh Phegley replaced him.", u'Red Sox: RHP Justin Masterson, on the 15-day DL with shoulder tendinitis, made a rehab start for Double-A Portland. In 4 2-3 innings, he allowed two runs, both earned, eight hits and one walk with two strikeouts.', u'UP NEXT', u'Athletics: RHP Jesse Chavez (2-5, 2.11 ERA) pitches the second game of the three-game series. He pitched eight innings in each of his last two appearances while allowing no earned runs.', u'Red Sox: RHP Joe Kelly (1-4, 5.83) goes for his second straight solid outing. He has given up a total of four earned runs in three of his last four starts and seven earned runs in the other.']), ([u'Sanchez Pitches Into 9th Inning, Blue Jays Beat Astros 6-2'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  Aaron Sanchez pitched into the ninth inning, Jose Reyes and Jose Bautista each hit a two-run homer, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Houston 6-2 on Friday night to end a seven-game losing streak against the Astros.', u'Sanchez (5-4) allowed one run and six hits in eight-plus innings, leaving after giving up three straight hits to start the ninth. Roberto Osuna finished to give Toronto its first win over Houston since Aug. 1, 2014.', u"Jason Castro hit a leadoff homer in the ninth, snapping a 21-inning scoreless streak by Blue Jays pitchers. Toronto held Washington scoreless in the final four innings of a 7-3 win in the second game of Tuesday's doubleheader, and Mark Buehrle tossed a six-hitter in Wednesday's 8-0 win over the Nationals.", u"Castro's homer was the first off a Toronto pitcher in 36 innings.", u"Reyes hit his first homer of the season in Toronto's five-run third. Josh Donaldson followed with a single and scored when Bautista homered off the facing of the third deck in left.", u"Edwin Encarnacion doubled and scored on an RBI single by Chris Colabello, Toronto's fifth straight hit off Roberto Hernandez.", u'Hernandez (2-5) allowed six runs, five earned, and nine hits in 5 2-3 innings. The right-hander is winless in three starts and has given up 18 runs in that span.', u"Sanchez was perfect until George Springer reached on an infield single to start the fourth, with Donaldson's throw from third pulling Justin Smoak off the bag at first. Springer was erased when Jose Altuve followed by grounding into a double play.", u'Colby Rasmus hit a one-out single in the fifth, but the inning ended when Luis Valbuena grounded into a double play.', u"TRAINER'S ROOM", u'Astros: RHP Will Harris, who limped off the mound after being hit in the left foot by a broken bat Thursday, was feeling fine Friday despite minor bruising and swelling.', u'Blue Jays: 2B Devon Travis (left shoulder), who hasn\'t played since May 29 after feeling sore in a rehab game at Triple-A, will be reevaluated Monday. "He\'s moving in the right direction," general manager Alex Anthopoulos said.', u'UP NEXT', u'Astros: LHP Brett Oberholtzer (0-0, 3.24 ERA) makes his third start of the season and his first on the road. Oberholtzer has been on the disabled list twice this season with a blister on his left index finger.', u"Blue Jays: RHP Drew Hutchison (4-1, 5.26) was chased after 5 1-3 innings in Minnesota last week, the first time in four starts he'd failed to work at least six innings. Hutchison has been unable to reach the sixth in six of his 11 starts.", u'___', u'This story has been corrected with the proper final score.']), ([u"American Pharoah Has 'Monster' Workout, Says Baffert"], [u'ELMONT, New York \u2014  Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert could hardly contain his elation over the final workout by ', u" hopeful American Pharoah before Saturday's $1.5 million ", u'.', u'"He looked like a monster out there," Baffert told reporters after the colt\'s gallop on Friday at Belmont Park. "I am really happy with the way he went. He\'s still sharp."', u'American Pharoah, ridden by Victor Espinoza, will take on seven rivals as he looks to become just the 12th Triple Crown winner and first since Affirmed swept the ', u', ', u' and Belmont Stakes in 1978.', u'The exhausting mile-and-a-half Belmont Stakes is dubbed "Test of the Champion" because it is the longest of the three classic U.S. races and the final one.', u"Baffert knows the heartbreak, having saddled Triple Crown contenders Real Quiet, Silver Charm and War Emblem, only to come up short each time at Belmont Park -- in Real Quiet's case by mere inches.", u'American Pharoah, riding a six-race winning streak, won the May 2 Kentucky Derby by a length and two weeks later captured the Preakness Stakes in a runaway, winning by seven lengths in a driving rainstorm.', u'Baffert, who has saddled four Kentucky Derby winners, six Preakness champions and one Belmont Stakes winner, described Friday\'s workout as "the last hurdle" in American Pharoah\'s Triple regimen.', u'"All the work is done now," he said. "From here on, we\'ll try to relax a little. We need to make sure the horse is content and continues to eat well, and to stick to the same routine.', u'"And now we need to keep people away from him."', u"American Pharoah's credentials make him the race favorite, but that may not mean much. He is the only horse to have run in the Derby and Preakness and it is hard to ignore recent history.", u'A combined 14 horses have run in all three legs of the Triple Crown since 2006 and all of them, including six favorites, lost the Belmont Stakes.', u'Possible fatigue by American Pharoah could open the door for horses like the Todd Pletcher-trained Florida Derby champion Materiality or Wood Memorial winner Frosted, ridden by Joel Rosario and trained by Kiaran McLaughlin.', u"Baffert insists American Pharoah, who was named the 2-year-old champion last year despite missing the Breeders' Cup Juvenile with an injury, is the finest horse he has ever saddled.", u'"He\'s the best horse I\'ve trained and he\'s my best hope for the Triple Crown," said the silver-haired, 62-year-old Baffert.', u'"This horse has a different vibe than the others. He\'s shown that he\'s a superior horse. He just needs to bring it one more time."', u'Trainer Nick Zito, whose two prior Belmont Stakes victories helped end the Triple Crown dreams of Smarty Jones in 2004 and ', u' in 2008, is saddling longshot Frammento on Saturday.', u'"You see American Pharoah and you say, \'Who\'s going to beat this horse?\'" he said. "But you\'ve got to play the game and anything can happen. That\'s why they have a word called longshot."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u"FIFA May Be Embroiled in Scandal but Its Women's World Cup Set to Be Hit With Fans"], [u"VANCOUVER \u2014  With a bribery scandal enveloping FIFA it might seem like a bad time for soccer's governing body to hold the Women's World Cup in Canada - even more so given indictments last week included  top officials from the North American and Caribbean region on corruption charges.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0But that isn't proving to be the case. Tickets for the month-long competition that starts on Saturday are selling quickly, TV audiences around the world are expected to be large, and the sponsors say they expect good exposure for their products.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Some current and former players even say the scandal, which led to Sepp Blatter's resignation as FIFA president on Tuesday, has triggered more interest in the women's competition rather than casting a shadow.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "We all love train wrecks," said former Canadian national team player Carrie Serwetnyk. "I think this World Cup is going to benefit from the scandal. It\'s going to drive more people into seats and it\'s going to create a bigger television audience, because people are curious about what\'s happening with FIFA."', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 One attraction is that the Women's World Cup is FIFA's mom-and-pop operation, meaning it is far less drenched in money than the men's game and therefore less likely to be tainted by illicit payments.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The opening match between Canada and China in Edmonton, is on track to record the largest attendance - 52,000 people - for any Canadian national team match in any sport, according to the Canadian Soccer Association. That is quite something in a country usually more obsessed with ice hockey.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 The 24-team tournament has games spread across six cities and five time zones from Canada's Atlantic to Pacific coasts.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The final on July 5 sold out within 72 hours, all the U.S. team matches are selling out and more than 1.5 million fans are expected in total. That compares with 845,711 spectators at the last Women's World Cup in 2011 in Germany, which had fewer games.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "Ticket sales are going very, very fast across our country," said CSA General Secretary Peter Montopoli. "Due to demand in Montreal, we\'re opening up the upper bowl in Montreal\'s Olympic Stadium for Canada\'s third group stage match." That will nearly double the capacity for the game.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Some sponsors who shuddered as the scandal erupted last week and worsened this week are now quietly giddy at the attention.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0"Bad press, good press, it\'s all press and draws attention to the event," said the representative of a major sponsor who spoke on condition of anonymity.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Even practices and warm-ups games have drawn extra attention as the twists and turns in the scandal have unfolded in the past 10 days.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "There\'s a lot of talk about soccer right now. Perhaps, maybe, we\'ll get people to watch this amazing tournament," U.S. player Heather O\'Reilly told reporters in Winnipeg.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Some players said they wanted to see reforms in FIFA and more attention on developing women's soccer.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "We\'re excited for FIFA to restructure and go forward with more transparent people at the head of it," said Meghan Klingenberg, also a player in the U.S. team.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0PLAYING FOR JOY, NOT MONEY', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Blatter, who called himself a "godfather" to women\'s soccer, has shepherded growth in the women\'s game but has also been slammed for various comments about women over the years, including once suggesting female players consider wearing tighter shorts to help market the game.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 FIFA has been criticized for holding the Canadian tournament on artificial turf. Men play on grass, and dozens of players sued FIFA and the Canadian Soccer Association for discrimination, claiming artificial turf causes more injuries. The lawsuit was dropped in January.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 A FIFA spokeswoman declined to say if Blatter, who will remain president until a successor is elected, still planned to attend the women's final on July 5 in Vancouver.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Female professional leagues scrape by and broadcasting rights are not hotly pursued in the women's game.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 The National Women's Soccer League in the U.S., the top level for professional players, shows most of its games on YouTube, bar a one-year deal with ESPN for some matches, and annual salaries top out at $40,000.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "The Women\'s World Cup is the best thing that could ever happen to FIFA right now," Canadian soccer Hall of Famer Serwetnyk said. "The players are not making a gazillion dollars. These women are playing for the joy of the game."\xa0', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0In contrast, the men's English Premier League generated broadcast income of $569 million in 2013-14 and its most expensive player, Manchester United's Angel Di Maria, will earn $430,000 a week. \xa0", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Total prize money for the this Women's World Cup is $15 million, compared to $358 million for the men's tournament in Brazil last year.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The FIFA scandal is not distracting the world's best female soccer players, according to Norwegian coach Even Pellerud.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "You should not underestimate how self-centered coaches and athletes are. They\'re only paying attention to the next games, the group, the hotel, the food, the good times, the hard work. Blatter is just a headline for us."\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'(Additional reporting by Rod Nickel in Winnipeg, David Ljunggren in Ottawa, Steve Keating in Edmonton, Euan Rocha in Toronto; Writing by Andrea Hopkins; Editing by Amran Abocar and Martin Howell)']), ([u'Cotto Puts Middleweight Belt on Line vs. Geale'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  There might be as many questions to answer in Saturday night's WBC middleweight title fight as there will be punches thrown.", u"Champion Miguel Cotto has had a year's layoff since taking the belt from Sergio Martinez. Will he be rusty?", u'At 34, Cotto has done lots of hitting and been hit plenty, too. Is there anything left?', u'The Puerto Rican star is not a natural middleweight, either.', u"Challenger Daniel Geale, a 34-year-old Australian, is coming way down in weight and must show he can get to or under 157 for the bout at the Barclays Center. The fighters' camps agreed to that catch weight even though the middleweight maximum is 160 pounds.", u'So there even was the question whether the fight would come off if the weights are in dispute; the WBC could recognize it as a title fight as long as both boxers are at 160 or lower.', u'"I think that people are making a big issue where there does not need to be a big issue with catch weights," Cotto said. "Catch weights were our main point to make this fight happen. Daniel and his team agreed to going down to 157."', u"Geale isn't thrilled about the prospect of getting so thin considering he is a natural middleweight who has held the IBF and WBA crowns.", u'"Those three pounds definitely do make a difference," he said. "They put that extra little bit of pressure on your body. But I will come back up. That\'s why I wanted the fight whether it was at a catch weight or not. I know my body recovers relatively quickly. Given that full day in between (weigh-in and bout), I should be back to 100 percent."', u'Cotto (39-4, 32 knockouts) often is at 100 percent when he fights in New York. The only Puerto Rican boxer to own belts in four divisions, he has been a huge attraction in the past, particularly in June when he has fought on the eve of the Puerto Rican Day parade. This year, he enters the ring eight days before the parade, hoping to get an early start on the festivities.', u'"I\'m encouraging everyone planning on coming to the parade on June 14 to support our man Miguel Cotto on Saturday," said parade representative Ululy Rafael Martinez.', u'An impressive win after such a long layoff could put Cotto in line for another big-money fight with Canelo Alvarez. Geale comes off a decision against countryman Jarrod Fletcher last December; his previous fight was a third-round knockout loss to impressive super middleweight Gennady Golovkin, who holds the WBA title.', u'Two of his losses have come in his last four outings.', u'Geale (31-3, 16 knockouts) believes Cotto has his eyes on the future, not on him.', u'"I think Miguel Cotto and his camp are looking past me very much so," Geale said. "They\'re looking for big-money fights. They don\'t believe I will put up that much of a fight, but I\'m not here to lose.', u'"Their confidence is probably too high, and they\'re going to come out with a big surprise."']), ([u'Pettersen Moves Joint Top at LPGA Classic'], [u"(Reuters) - Suzann Pettersen signaled that her game is in great shape for the second women's major of the year next week as she charged into a tie for the second-round lead at the Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario on Friday.", u'The 34-year-old Norwegian, a former world number two and a winner of 14 LPGA titles, took advantage of ideal scoring conditions at Whistle Bear Golf Club as she fired a flawless seven-under-par 65.', u'Pettersen birdied four of her last seven holes to post a 13-under total of 131, ending the round level with Colombian Mariajo Uribe (66), who has yet to win on the LPGA Tour.', u"Cristie Kerr, joint leader overnight with fellow American Cheyenne Woods and Thailand's PK Kongkraphan, was a further shot back after carding a 69 while Taiwan's former world number one Yani Tseng (65) was among a group of seven players at 11 under.", u'Cheyenne, the 24-year-old niece of 14-times major winner Tiger followed her opening 63 with a 73 to head into the weekend at Whistle Bear five strokes off the pace.', u"Pettersen, who has recorded three top-10s on the LPGA Tour this season without adding to her career tally of 14 wins, was delighted to maintain good form with next week's KPMG Women's PGA Championship in Westchester, New York approaching.", u'"Why I am playing well is hard work over time," the Norwegian told Golf Channel after hitting all 18 greens in regulation during the second round.', u'"I am starting to kind of put the puzzles together.', u'"I\'m really looking forward to next week so this is a good test. I am hitting the drives really good and long which is nice and that puts me in a good position for the par-fives. If you play this course well, I think par is five or six under.', u'"I decided to go out, be patient and hit a lot of good shots," said Pettersen, who has claimed two women\'s majors -- the 2007 Women\'s PGA Championship and the 2013 Evian Championship.', u"South Korea's world number two Park In-bee, the defending champion, was at seven under after carding a 68 while top-ranked Lydia Ko of New Zealand was a further two strokes back, also after a 68.", u'(Reporting by Mark Lamport-Stokes in Los Angeles; Editing by Frank Pingue/Steve Keating)']), ([u'Golf Capsules'], [u'DUBLIN, Ohio \u2014  David Lingmerth took a step toward turning his game around with a 7-under 65 at the Memorial on Friday. It gave the Swede a one-shot lead going into a weekend that includes Tiger Woods.', u'But just barely.', u'Long after Lingmerth capped off a bogey-free round at Muirfield Village, Woods was 40 yards away from the flag on the 18th green and in dire need of getting up-and-down to save par and avoid missing his first cut at the tournament he has won five times.', u'For his second straight tournament, he holed a key putt to survive.', u'Woods finished with a 70. He was 11 shots behind Lingmerth, who was at 12-under 132.', u'Woods had to hang on, making two straight bogeys before his par save on the final hole. For Jason Dufner, it was a thrill a minute.', u'Dufner made a 5 on a par 3 and a 3 on a par 5. And that was before he made a hole-in-one \u2014 his fourth eagle of the week \u2014 on the par-3 16th hole. He followed that with a bogey. It was relatively boring after that, and the former PGA champion wound up with a 67 that left him a stroke behind Lingmerth.', u'Ryan Moore, gearing up for a ', u' near his hometown outside Tacoma, Washington, had another 67 and was at 10-under 134, along with Andy Sullivan of England, who can earn a spot at Chambers Bay with a good week at the Memorial.', u'MANULIFE LPGA CLASSIC', u'CAMBRIDGE, Ontario (AP) \u2014 Suzann Pettersen shot a 7-under 65 for a share of the second-round lead with Mariajo Uribe in the Manulife LPGA Classic.', u'Pettersen had seven birdies in a 10-hole stretch at Whistle Bear Golf Club. The 34-year-old Norwegian player won the last of her 14 LPGA Tour titles in 2013.', u"Uribe, from Colombia, had five birdies in a 66 to match Pettersen at 13-under 131. She won the tour's unofficial HSBC Brazil Cup in 2011.", u'Cristie Kerr, tied for the first-round lead with Cheyenne Woods and P.K. Kongkraphan after matching the course record with a 63, was a stroke back after a 69. She won the Kia Classic in California in March for her 17th LPGA Tour title.', u'Yani Tseng and Brittany Lang topped the group at 11 under. Tseng had a 65, and Lang, the 2012 winner at Grey Silo in Waterloo, shot a 68.', u"Woods had a 73 to drop into a tie for 19th at 8 under. She's Tiger Woods' niece.", u'PRINCIPAL CHARITY CLASSIC', u"DES MOINES, Iowa (AP) \u2014 Billy Andrade and Argentina's Jose Coceres share the first-round lead at 6-under 66 in the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic.", u'Andrade had seven birdies and a three-putt bogey on No. 14 at Wakonda Club. The four-time PGA Tour winner teamed with Joe Duran to win the Legends of Golf in April for his first Champions Tour title.', u'Coceres, from Argentina, had six birdies \u2014 four on the final seven holes \u2014 in his bogey-free round. The two-time PGA Tour champion is winless on the 50-and-over tour.', u'Defending champion Tom Pernice Jr. was a stroke back along with Mark Calcavecchia, Paul Goydos, Michael Allen, Brian Henninger, Grant Waite and Jeff Coston.', u"Bernhard Langer topped the group at 68. Davis Love III opened with a 70. He's making his fourth Champions Tour start since turning 50 in April 2014.", u'NORDEA MASTERS', u'MALMO, Sweden (AP) \u2014 Swedish amateur Marcus Kinhult held on to a share of the lead in the Nordea Masters, shooting a 4-under 68 in the second round.', u"The 18-year-old Kinhult matched fellow Swede Jens Dantorp at 9-under 135 at PGA Sweden National's Lakes Course. Dantorp had a 68."]), ([u'Chicharito Calm About His Club Future'], [u'MONTREAL \u2014  Mexican international striker Javier Hernandez says he is calm about his future, even if he does not know what Manchester United are planning for him after his loan to Real Madrid expired at the end of the season.', u'"Of course it\'s in my mind because it\'s my future," the 27-year-old told Reuters while visiting the Canadian Formula One Grand Prix paddock on Friday.', u'"I don\'t know where I am going to stay, if its one of those teams (United or Real) or another team. So right now I\'m just enjoying my holidays."', u"The striker, known as 'Chicharito' (Little Pea), joined Real on loan from United last September with the Spanish club having an option to make the move permanent for a fee of 10 million euros ($10.86 million), according to Spanish media.", u'Carlo Ancelotti said back in April, when Chicharito was showing a rich vein of form, the Mexican was "non-negotiable" but the coach was replaced this week by Rafa Benitez.', u'Hernandez said he had not spoken to Benitez but, with the season over, had no reason to since he was officially a United player again.', u'"Ancelotti was my manager but Rafa is not," he said. "He doesn\'t need to speak with me because I was on loan from United.', u'"But I am very calm because thankfully the last two months for me in Real Madrid were very good and I proved a lot of things. So that gave me a lot of self-confidence and security for my future.', u'"I think Rafa knows me. He\'s a really good manager and I think he\'s going to do a great job in Madrid."', u'Recent media reports in Britain have suggested Hernandez, who will join Mexico for the CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament in the United States in July, is most likely to feature in a United exchange deal with another English or European club.', u"The Manchester Evening News reported last month that Real had not taken up the option and the Mexican was also not part of United manager Louis Van Gaal's plans for next season.", u'(Editing by Greg Stutchbury)']), ([u'Focus on Field With Canada, China Set for Cup Opener'], [u"EDMONTON \u2014  Nearly all the tickets have been sold and all the boxes ticked as Canada wrapped up their final training session on Friday, declaring the team ready to take on China in the opening match of the Women's World Cup.", u"After a week of being grilled about the corruption and bribery scandal that has rocked world soccer, talk finally turned to the pitch and Saturday's opener with a bullish Canadian coach John Herdman setting a lofty target.", u'"Are we favorites for this event? No. Can we get on a roll with our country behind us? Yes," Herdman told reporters.', u'"This group of women believe they can go all the way and they have a great purpose, they have a greater purpose than any other team at this event.', u'"And when you\'ve got (that) it gives you a chance to go places you never thought you could get to. We play to win."', u"While Canada has undergone a meticulous buildup, there was a hint of the unknown hanging over Saturday's opener.", u'Which Canadian team will walk into Commonwealth Stadium to the cheers of close to 50,000?', u'Will it be the team that slumped out of the 2011 World Cup after failing to win a single game or the one that thrilled by taking an unexpected bronze at the 2012 London Olympics.', u'"We\'ve ticked all the boxes," said Herdman. "We\'ve been working three years to get to this point and there is a good feeling around the team."', u'The Chinese, meanwhile, have been on a wild rollercoaster ride of their own.', u"Once one of soccer's dominant nations, the Steel Roses grabbed a silver at the 1999 Worlds and 1996 Olympics but have seen their ranking and form slip in recent years while failing to qualify for the 2011 World Cup and 2012 London Games.", u'Now ranked 16th, a young Chinese squad that is hard to breakdown defensively and lethal on the counter-attack will represent a tricky first test for the hosts who have targeted top spot in Group A.', u'"We are confident and have the capacity to reach the knockout stage," said China coach Hao Wei, who has earned praise for regenerating a decimated Chinese program. "We should be able to play all kinds of strategy."', u"When Canada does breach the Chinese wall, they will have to deal with goalkeeper Wang Fei, who made history by becoming the first Chinese player to break into Germany's competitive women's Bundesliga late last year.", u'"China is a very organized team, especially defensively," Canadian midfielder Sophie Schmidt told Reuters. "They have been known to sort of sit back and park the bus so for us it is going to be difficult to break them down."', u'(Editing by Mark Lamport-Stokes)']), ([u'Chile in Better Shape Than at World Cup-Coach'], [u'SANTIAGO \u2014  Chile\u2019s golden generation, inspired by Alexis Sanchez and Arturo Vidal, have a great opportunity to win the country\u2019s first Copa America title in the tournament they are hosting.', u"On their day the team's dynamic, high-pressure game is capable of beating the world\u2019s best but disappointing results in warm-up friendlies have left doubts hanging over \u201cLa Roja\u201d.", u'A lack of both goals and a sense of security from the defence are weaknesses that have turned praise for their Argentine coach Jorge Sampaoli\u2019s tactics into criticism.', u'Sampaoli was driven at one point to say he would gather his squad in Europe to prepare for the tournament away from pressure from media and the fans, although he later changed his mind.', u'He said he had worked to give better balance to a team who beat holders Spain and almost eliminated Brazil in the first knockout stage of last year\u2019s World Cup when a late Mauricio Pinilla shot hit the bar before the hosts won on penalties.', u'\u201cWe\u2019ve been able to work on our planned tasks, we have brought the players who have played less to the same physical and footballing level as those who saw more action in the season, it\u2019s all been positive,\u201d Sampaoli told reporters.', u'He added that leading players like Gary Medel, midfielder Jorge Valdivia and Vidal are in top physical shape whereas they had arrived in Brazil last year with injury problems.', u'\u201cToday, from the physical point of view, there\u2019s a backbone to the team that is in very good shape,\u201d he said.', u'However, Saturday\u2019s Champions League final in Berlin means Barcelona goalkeeper Claudio Bravo and Juventus midfielder Vidal will arrive late at the Chile camp where the team are preparing for Friday\u2019s opening match against Ecuador in the capital.', u'They also meet Bolivia and Mexico in Group A.', u'(Reporting by Felipe Iturrieta and Antonio de la Jara; Writing by Rex Gowar, editing by Ed Osmond)']), ([u'Power on Pole in Texas, Where IndyCar Hopes to Stay Grounded'], [u'FORT WORTH, Texas \u2014  Ryan Hunter-Reay was about halfway through the first practice session at the high-banked, high-speed Texas Motor Speedway when his car got loose in Turn 2.', u'The car spun and headed backward toward the outside wall, the left rear slamming hard before the Honda slid down and settled near the inside wall. But Hunter-Reay never went airborne Friday, like three Chevrolets did last month during preparation for the Indianapolis 500.', u"Whether Hunter-Reay's car staying grounded had anything to do with new safety changes, his single-car crash was the first since IndyCar this week mandated closure panels on the rear wheel guards for Saturday night's race at Texas. The panels will also be in place for the other superspeedway races remaining on the schedule, California and Pocono.", u'"From the time that accidents happened in May until now, they\'ve come to a better understanding of what was causing some problems and implemented some real solutions for here so then we don\'t have to worry about it," said Ed Carpenter, the defending race winner at Texas, and one of the drivers who went airborne at Indy. "It\'s not really a Band-Aid type of fix like we had in May."', u'The closure panels are designed to eliminate lift when an Indy car is traveling backward at a high rate of speed during an incident.', u"Will Power will start from the pole at the 1 1/2-mile Texas for the third year in a row, with his three Team Penske drivers and their Chevys close to him. Power's win at Texas came in the second race of a 2011 doubleheader, when he started third.", u'Defending IndyCar Series champion Power had a two-lap qualifying average of 218.519 mph, just ahead of Team Penske teammate Simon Pagenaud at 218.441 mph.', u"Helio Castroneves will start third, right behind Power's Chevrolet and ahead of fellow Penske driver Indianapolis 500 champ and season points leader Juan Pablo Montoya, who qualified fifth.", u"Carpenter will start 15th in IndyCar's first night race of the season.", u"Even with the new aero kits in use this year, and the closure panels in place, Power's qualifying average was just below his 218.896 mph to get the pole last year. And practice speeds Friday were comparable to last June.", u'"The race, it\'s going to be interesting.  You know, you got all this stuff you can put on to add downforce if you want. But it\'s quite draggy, so you lose a bit of speed," said Power, whose fourth pole this season is the 40th of his career. "It\'s going to be about finding the right compromise for speed loss versus grip. ... I think you\'ll see a few different variations of what people bolt on as far as body kits go for the race."', u"IndyCar has been to Texas every year since the track opened in 1997, with two races eight times, and has a history of some of the series' fastest and closest races \u2014 eight by less than one-tenth of a second.", u"But that hasn't been the case recently.", u"Carpenter's victory over Power last June was by 0.547 seconds, but Carpenter led by 17-18 seconds before a late caution set up a final two-lap sprint to the checkered flag.", u'Helio Castroneves won by 4.7 seconds in 2013, his fourth victory in Texas. Justin Wilson won by nearly 4 seconds in 2012 only after Graham Rahal drifted high into the wall exiting the fourth turn after pulling away from the field.', u'"The truth is, last year was probably the most demanding race as a driver to physically drive," Rahal said.', u'"What you see nowadays versus what we\'ve been spoiled with here as far as close racing, you know, 10 years ago, the tires aren\'t what they were before," he said. "We don\'t have nearly as much downforce as you ever did before. The track isn\'t grippy. This track is one of the bumpiest ovals we go to all season long."']), ([u'Pettersen, Uribe Lead in Manulife LPGA Classic'], [u'CAMBRIDGE, Ontario \u2014  Suzann Pettersen shot a 7-under 65 on Friday for a share of the second-round lead with Mariajo Uribe in the Manulife LPGA Classic.', u'Pettersen had seven birdies in a 10-hole stretch at Whistle Bear Golf Club.', u'"If you hit all the fairways you\'re going to give yourself a lot of chances with your irons," Pettersen said. "The par 5s are very scoreable. You just have to try and take care of business on those and if you can squeeze in a birdie or two, or three on the rest of the holes, you\'re in a good position. I felt like I did that today."', u'The 34-year-old Norwegian player won the last of her 14 LPGA Tour titles in 2013. She has been bothered by a shoulder injury this seasin.', u'"I\'m pretty good," Pettersen said. "Right now, I\'ve been almost pain free for two weeks. No painkillers, nothing, and doing all my rehab. I\'m good now and looking forward to a strong summer."', u"Uribe, from Colombia, had five birdies in a 66 to match Pettersen at 13-under 131. She won the tour's unofficial HSBC Brazil Cup in 2011.", u'"Just keep doing what I\'m doing," Uribe said. "I had a lot of fun the first two days. Usually, I don\'t like courses that you have to go a lot really low, so I\'m just having fun and stay patient and liking it."', u'Cristie Kerr, tied for the first-round lead with Cheyenne Woods and P.K. Kongkraphan after matching the course record with a 63, was a stroke back after a 69. She won the Kia Classic in California in March for her 17th LPGA Tour title.', u'"I thought I played very well," Kerr said.  "I actually thought I hit it better today than I did yesterday. Had kind of a magical opening nine holes yesterday. Just got to try to play as good as I can on the weekend, just pay attention to my own game and my feels and what I\'m trying to accomplish out here on every shot and try not to worry about anybody else."', u'Yani Tseng and Brittany Lang topped the group at 11 under. Tseng had a 65, and Lang, the 2012 winner at Grey Silo in Waterloo, shot a 68.', u"Woods had a 73 to drop into a tie for 19th at 8 under. She's Tiger Woods' niece.", u'Kongkraphan also struggled, shooting a 75 to fall into a tie for 35th at 6 under.', u'Second-ranked Inbee Park, the winner last year at Grey Silo, had a 68 to reach 7 under.', u'Top-ranked Lydia Ko was 5 under after a 68.', u'Brooke Henderson, the 17-year-old Canadian who was third in the Swinging Skirts in April in California, missed the cut by a stroke with rounds of 71 and 70.', u'"I really grinded deep and really found a lot of inner strength because I could have easily just given up, but instead I got myself a lot of birdies coming in and it was nice," Henderson said. "It was really important for me to finish like that. Like I said, I could have easily given up coming down because it didn\'t look like it was likely, but anything\'s possible."', u'Sister Brittany Henderson also dropped out, shooting 72-70.']), ([u'Billy Andrade, Jose Coceres Share Champions Tour Lead'], [u"DES MOINES, Iowa \u2014  Billy Andrade and Argentina's Jose Coceres share the first-round lead at 6-under 66 on Friday in the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic.", u'Andrade had seven birdies and a three-putt bogey on No. 14 at Wakonda Club. The four-time PGA Tour winner teamed with Joe Duran to win the Legends of Golf in April for his first Champions Tour title.', u'"I love this place," Andrade said. "I just think it\'s like a where I grew up in Rhode Island, so it\'s tree-lined, it\'s like a mini-Westchester I kind of call it. I just think a fabulous place and it played very nicely today I thought."', u'Andrade rebounded from the bogey on the par-3 14th with a birdie on the par-5 15th and birdied the par-4 18th for a share of the lead.', u'"You\'ve got to, obviously, drive it in the right places and you have to get a little lucky on some tee shots if the ball stays in the fairway, so you have to have a little imagination off the tee," Andrade said. "Then it\'s hitting greens and getting it in position where you\'re not above the hole all day and you have chances to make birdies. There\'s a lot of birdies out there and the course is in great shape. It\'s a fun track to play. If you don\'t pay attention you can get beat up a little bit."', u'Coceres, from Argentina, had six birdies \u2014 four on the final seven holes \u2014 in his bogey-free round. The two-time PGA Tour champion is winless on the 50-and-over tour.', u'"I played very well," Coceres said. "Very happy for my golf from putter, everything, very good. ... The course is in very good condition."', u'Defending champion Tom Pernice Jr. was a stroke back along with Mark Calcavecchia, Paul Goydos, Michael Allen, Brian Henninger, Grant Waite and Jeff Coston.', u'"It was nice to get off to a good start," said Pernice, a playoff winner last year over Doug Garwood. "Great weather conditions, the golf course is in great shape, so to get in 5 under is a good start. Got away with a few sloppy shots at times and just didn\'t drive the ball as well as I could have, but had some good recoveries, hit some good putts."', u'Bernhard Langer topped the group at 68.', u"Davis Love III opened with a 70. He's making his fourth Champions Tour start since turning 50 in April 2014."]), ([u'Stanley Cup Goalies Have Had Their Ups and Downs in Playoffs'], [u"TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  No team wins Stanley Cup without reliable goaltending, so Tampa Bay's Ben Bishop finds it laughable when he reads or hears criticism about Chicago's Corey Crawford.", u"Although the starting goalies in the finals series that resumes Saturday night have had their ups and downs this postseason, there's no question Bishop's Lightning and Crawford's Blackhawks wouldn't be here if they couldn't depend on them.", u'Bishop is 7-1 with a .937 save percentage in games following a playoff loss. He also closed out the Eastern Conference finals with a pair of shutout wins over the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden.', u'Crawford is better known and more accomplished, helping Chicago win the Stanley Cup two years ago. Now he has a shot at another after briefly losing his job during a tough first-round series for the 30-year-old, whose success Bishop has followed from a distance.', u'"He\'s a great goalie," Bishop said, looking ahead to Game 2 at Amalie Arena, where the Lightning will try to rebound from letting the opener of the best-of-seven series slip away in the closing minutes.', u'Bishop stopped 19 of 21 shots in Game 1, yielding both Blackhawks goals in a 2-1 loss in a 1:58 span of the third period.', u"Crawford gave up a goal less than five minutes into the game, but finished with 22 saves to post his 42nd career playoff win \u2014 three shy of the Blackhawks' record held by Hall of Famer Tony Esposito.", u'"Personally, I kind of looked up to him. He spent some time in the minors, just like I did," Bishop said. "Some people doubt him, but the guy just goes out there and wins. He\'s won a Stanley Cup. It\'s funny how some people still have questions on a guy who\'s won a Stanley Cup. And, now he\'s back at his second one."', u'Crawford is trying to become the first goalie to win two Stanley Cups with the Blackhawks. Overall, Chicago is aiming for a third title in six seasons.', u'"To be honest, I never doubted myself, and I don\'t think guys in our room doubted me. That\'s what really matters," Crawford said. "No matter what you do, there\'s going to be somebody who doubts you. Really, I never listen to that."', u'Neither do his teammates.', u"Even after Crawford's struggles in the first round against Nashville, when he was removed from the lineup for three games and part of a fourth. He regained his job by coming off the bench during Game 6 to replace Scott Darling and help the Blackhawks close out the Predators.", u'"I don\'t know what\'s said or not outside. In the locker room, we know what kind of player he is," Chicago defenseman Johnny Oduya said.', u'"He\'s always been tremendous here. He\'s a hard competitor. He loves the game," Oduya added. "Every time it\'s on the line we know we can trust him. He has the ability to come up in games like he did (Wednesday night). He saved us probably three, four, five times to keep us in it."', u'The Lightning express the same type of support for Bishop, who began his career with stints as a backup for his hometown St. Louis Blues and the Ottawa Senators.', u'Tampa Bay acquired him in a trade from Ottawa in April 2013, giving the 6-foot-7 Bishop \u2014 the tallest goalie in the NHL \u2014 his first opportunity to be a full-time starter.', u'The biggest question remaining about him after the 28-year-old won 77 games over the past two regular seasons was how he would hold up in the playoffs for the first time.', u"He has responded by playing his best in the biggest games, including a pair of Game 7 shutouts, one of them on road, where he's allowed 15 goals in 10 games.", u"And, he outplayed two of the league's best goalies, Carey Price and Henrik Lundqvist, to help Tampa Bay reach the Stanley Cup Final for the second time in franchise history.", u'"There was always a lot of talk that he had not been there, but we always trusted him, believed in him," Lightning defenseman Anton Stralman said.', u'"He\'s our backbone, a big reason why we\'re here," center Brian Boyle added. "He\'s our MVP."', u'With the Blackhawks and Lightning playing in different conferences, they only faced each other twice during the regular season.', u"So, most of what Crawford has seen of Bishop has coming from watching him on television during the Lightning's playoff run.", u'"He\'s good. To get to this point, you have to have guy in net who\'s playing well," Crawford said.', u'Bishop embraced the challenge of facing Price in the second round and Lundqvist in the Eastern Conference finals, where Tampa Bay advanced with a 2-0 victory in Game 7.', u'Crawford may not be considered in the same class, but he has something neither Price or Lundqvist has \u2014 a Stanley Cup title.', u"That's good enough for Bishop.", u'"if you want to be the best," the Tampa Bay goaltender said, "you have to beat the best."']), ([u'Cameron to Seek G7 Action to Fight Corruption'], [u'LONDON \u2014  Prime Minister David Cameron will tell G7 leaders on Sunday that FIFA\'s corruption scandal offers an opportunity to tackle the broader "cancer" of corruption globally.', u'FIFA president Sepp Blatter announced on Tuesday that he would stand down as U.S. and Swiss authorities pursued corruption investigations into the organisation and many of its top officials.', u'As pressure grew on Blatter in recent weeks, some British newspapers have also criticised Cameron, recalling his complaints about a 2010 BBC programme that raised allegations of corruption at FIFA.', u'"There is something of an international taboo over pointing the finger and stirring up concerns," Cameron said in a statement on Friday.', u'"At international summits, leaders meet to talk about aid, economic growth and how to keep our people safe. But we just don\'t talk enough about corruption. This has got to change. We have to show some of the same courage that exposed FIFA and break the taboo."', u'Cameron plans to use the two-day summit of the Group of Seven economies in Germany to encourage discussion of how to tackle corruption, calling it "the cancer at the heart of so many of the problems we face around the world today. It doesn\u2019t just threaten our prosperity, it also undermines our security."', u'The World Bank estimates more than $1 trillion (\xa3654.8 billion) is paid in bribes each year, while the World Economic Forum says corruption increases the cost of doing business on average by up to 10 percent.', u'(Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)']), ([u"Ireland's FA Says Sepp Blatter Mockery a Factor in Payout"], [u"DUBLIN \u2014  FIFA President Sepp Blatter's public mockery of a confidential Irish request to be added as the 33rd team in the 2010 World Cup helped trigger a controversial 5 million euro payout, the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) said on Friday.", u'FIFA on Thursday said it had made the payment to avoid threatened Irish legal action following a controversial World Cup playoff defeat in 2009 when the decisive goal was scored after a handball by French striker Thierry Henry.', u"But a detailed description of the events leading up to the payout released by the FAI on Friday made repeated reference to Blatter's comments at a major soccer conference days after the game, which enraged Irish fans, as a factor in the payout.", u'"Sepp Blatter made a joke of the Association\'s request to be the 33rd team at the World Cup... in direct breach of agreed confidentiality and subsequently brought reputational damage to the FAI," the FAI said in a statement.', u'"Sepp Blatter personally apologized to the FAI delegation for the remarks," the statement said. "After negotiation, FIFA offered the FAI a 5 million euro interest free loan by way of compensation."', u"FIFA also offered the FAI a $400,000 grant that was used for FAI Regional Football Centers, the statement said. The 5 million euro payment was lodged to the FAI's account on Jan 20, 2010, it said.", u'In the comments, 10 days after the Irish defeat, Blatter smiled as he told a soccer business conference that Ireland had asked "very humbly, can\'t we be team No.33 at the World Cup".', u'"They have asked for that, really," he said, laughing.', u'(Reporting by Conor Humphries; editing by Toby Davis)']), ([u'Kurt Busch Wins Pole in Abbreviated Pocono Qualifying'], [u"LONG POND, Pa. \u2014  Kurt Busch survived NASCAR's version of bump day to beat the clock and the rest of the field.", u'Busch turned a lap at 177.599 mph Friday and won the pole at a bumpy Pocono Raceway in a bizarre qualifying session that saw five cars fail to complete a lap in the final round.', u'Denny Hamlin bobbled and lost control of the No. 11 Toyota as the qualifying clock ticked down, bringing out the red flag. With only 39 seconds left in the third round, NASCAR scrubbed the rest of qualifying. Hamlin, Jimmie Johnson, Kyle Busch, Joey Logano and Kasey Kahne all failed to record a lap time.', u'Logano was on the track and seemed poised to nip Busch for the pole until the red flag was waved.', u'"Because a car spins out and they throw a red flag for it and then you don\'t get an opportunity to go out and make a lap, I don\'t understand it," Logano said. "It makes me mad. I don\'t get it. We didn\'t even have a chance to try to put our car up front."', u"The reason: There simply wasn't enough time left on the clock for the remaining cars to complete a lap under green. Busch's pole-winning lap was run in 50.676 seconds.", u'Without turning one final lap, Johnson still posted his best qualifying spot out of the last five races.', u'"As long as NASCAR is consistent through all three series, then we will take our medicine and just deal with it," Johnson said. "The weird thing is on the clock, it still says 39 seconds. So, I\'m highly confused on many levels. But, we\'re starting the best we have in a long time."', u'Kurt Busch won his third pole of the season in the No. 41 Chevrolet, and 19th of his career.', u'Carl Edwards joined Busch on the front row. Martin Truex Jr., Jeff Gordon and Kevin Harvick complete the top five. Dale Earnhardt Jr., trying to become the third driver in Pocono history to win three straight races, will start 20th.', u"Hamlin's spin knocked him down to eighth.", u'"I was going to go for the pole and run as hard as I could and just stepped over the line a little bit," he said.', u'Kurt Busch has one win this season with five top 10s, a nice rebound from a three-race suspension that opened the season because of his offseason legal woes.', u"The drivers not only had to beat the clock, they had to survive bumps that formed in Turn 2, known as the tunnel turn, on the tri-oval track. Drivers complained about the bumps and track president Brandon Igdalsky said there was no way the track could get smoothed out in time for Sunday's race.", u'"There\'s speed bumps the size that you would put in grocery store parking lots up on top of the track," Kurt Busch said. "The sooner you get over it, the better you\'re going to be. I had to ignore the tunnel turn, and how bad the bumps are there, and get focused on the majority of the race track."', u'While some drivers griped, Gordon looked forward to the challenge of maneuvering through or around the bumps on Sunday.', u'"It might make for a great race and add some unique challenge that we weren\'t expecting," Gordon said.', u"Busch's three poles match the second-highest total of his career, and are three shy of the six he had in 2006.", u'"Today was a big day for this 41 team to develop into a big-time player," he said.']), ([u'While Other Sun Belt Clubs Falter, Tampa Is a Hockey Town'], [u'TAMPA, Fla. \u2014  Phil Esposito swells with parental pride when he sees the Tampa Bay Lightning chasing the Stanley Cup in an arena largely packed with Florida fans who have converted to his beloved game.', u'The Hall of Famer who co-founded the franchise 23 years ago realizes just how unlikely it was for this team in this city to reach this magical moment. Outside the sold-out Amalie Arena, thousands more brave the June humidity to watch playoff games on an oversize screen, gathering around a bronze statue of Esposito in the plaza.', u'Every bit of it never fails to amaze the two-time NHL MVP.', u'"I did a lot of things in hockey as a player, but there\'s nothing that can compare to this," Esposito told The Associated Press. "This, to me, is my greatest thrill. If you\'ve had kids, you know what I\'m talking about. I gave birth to this team. I gave every penny I ever had in the world. I even sacrificed a marriage because of it. To be in Tampa to see this, it makes me so happy."', u"While Sun Belt hockey teams from Phoenix to Miami struggle to stay solvent or relevant, the Lightning are alive and thriving. Their second trip to the Stanley Cup Final is the next peak of a revival under owner Jeff Vinik, whose money has fueled the cold-weather sport's growth in a warm-weather town.", u'A franchise with a few incredible highs \u2014 including a 2004 title \u2014 and many more years of weird lows is now stable and entrenched in the Tampa Bay area. With renovations to the arena, an aggressive approach to community involvement and a first-class product on the ice, the Lightning are even better off than when Dave Andreychuk raised that Stanley Cup 11 years ago.', u'"When I first got here, let\'s face it, this franchise had some really down times," said Andreychuk, now the Lightning\'s vice president of corporate and community affairs. "But we had a commitment, and we saw the opportunity here. We\'re still in a market where it\'s new to a lot of people. That\'s fun for me, but we\'ve built something here. People realize what we are."', u"The team's revival culminated with an Eastern Conference title and a showdown with the Chicago Blackhawks, but general manager Steve Yzerman's success is the foundation of a larger project.", u"Vinik has spent freely to provide top-notch experiences in every off-ice aspect of the Lightning, renovating its arena to world-class status \u2014 and even adding an impressive pipe organ that rocks its foundations. The Lightning do innumerable public appearances. They've started a high school hockey league and give out $50,000 community hero grants at every game.", u"It's all paying off: The Lightning have said they're barely losing money, which is never a given for a warm-weather hockey club. After dropping to an average of 11,510 fans in 1998-99, the Lightning have averaged at least 17,000 fans per game in nine of the last 11 years, including a robust 18,823 this year.", u"The Lightning's work in the past decade has cemented their reputation not only in Florida, but around the sport. Scotty Bowman, the winningest coach in NHL history and a 13-time Stanley Cup champion, moved to Sarasota, Florida, a year after Tampa Bay's championship.", u'"Nobody in my area ever talked hockey, even living in a condo complex with five buildings and 400 people, but now there\'s a lot of fans there," Bowman told the AP. "I think it\'s because they had a good run in the playoffs there, and now there are more rinks. The kids are starting to play, but it\'s not so much about finding players. It\'s about creating fans."', u"So many hockey men \u2014 and goalie Manon Rheaume, who suited up for exhibition games in the 1990s \u2014 have failed where Vinik and Yzerman are succeeding. The Lightning's first decade was an extended comedy featuring three arenas, empty seats, retread players, oddball owners \u2014 including one, Takashi Okubo, who never saw a game \u2014 and lawsuits.", u'The Lightning attracted weirdness from their very first home game at Expo Hall on the Florida State Fairgrounds: When Chris Kontos completed a hat trick, his godfather threw his hat on the ice \u2014 and was nearly thrown out of the building by an angry usher.', u'Everything changed in their 12th season of existence in 2004 when the Lightning shockingly assembled a championship team. When the 40-year-old Andreychuk lifted the Cup after Game 7, Tampa Bay was forever changed.', u'"This community won, and when those players come into this room, they know there\'s been a championship won in that room," Andreychuk said. "Not every city can say that. And all those young kids in \'04 that were watching, they\'re now buying seats, and they want to be part of it. They\'ve been fans since then."', u"Brad Richards, who won the Conn Smythe Trophy with Tampa Bay in 2004, believes the Lightning's biggest advantage over the Panthers, the Coyotes and other warm-weather teams is that Stanley Cup title. Anyone driving by Amalie Arena can see the statue depicting Andreychuk raising the trophy.", u'Richards, now playing for Chicago, said Tampa "came alive with hockey."', u'"We talked about that when we won, that it was something special to do in this market and that it\'s probably going to last a long time," Richards said. "I know friends here that have kids that play hockey and watched that Cup run, and they understand it when they go to games now. When I first got here, I\'m not so sure they understood what was going on. Now they\'re passionate. They know the height, and how special it is. It\'s good to see this town back in form."'])]