[([u'Recording a Phone\u2019s Screen on a Mac'], [u' ', u' Software for the Mac that lets you mirror and record the phone\u2019s display on the computer screen is available, but you may not have to download a separate program to do the job. If you are running OS X Yosemite on the MacBook and have iOS 8 on a newer iPhone, ', u' of the iPhone\u2019s screen actions with the ', u' program that comes with the Mac. The iPhone (or ', u' or iPod Touch) needs to be one of the more recent models, one that uses the small Lightning connector and cable that ', u' began to include on new iOS hardware ', u'.', u'If you have all the hardware and software in place, connect the iPhone to the MacBook with the Lightning cable. If you do not have an icon for the QuickTime Player in the Dock, open the MacBook\u2019s Applications folder on the hard drive and open the program there. (As a shortcut to the Applications folder from the Mac\u2019s Finder, press the Shift, Command and A keys.)', u'When the QuickTime program opens, go to the File menu and select New Movie Recording. A new window appears, most likely showing you in front of the MacBook\u2019s webcam. Next to the red Record button, click the menu arrow and change the Camera input from FaceTime HD Camera to iPhone. If you want to record the audio from the phone, as from a game or app, select the iPhone for the microphone input as well.', u'Once you have selected the iPhone, click the Record button in the QuickTime window and then perform the tasks on the iPhone you wish to capture as a video. After you finish and click the Stop button to have QuickTime finish recording, you can save the newly recorded clip to your Mac\u2019s hard drive.', u'If you are not using OS X Yosemite or have older iPhone hardware and software, a third-party program may still work. The ', u' is one of the options. It works with ', u' and ', u' running iOS 7.', u'Reflector 2 ', u' to wirelessly link the two so the iPhone\u2019s display appears on the Mac\u2019s screen for viewing and recording. You can try before you buy to see if the software suits your needs \u2014 although it adds a watermark to your files, a free seven-day trial version of the program is ', u'.', u'The full, unwatermarked ', u' is $15; a ', u' is also available. Along with iOS devices, the Reflector 2 desktop program can mirror and record the action from the screens of certain Android devices ', u'.', u' ', u' If you are checking your Gmail in the ', u' Chrome, Mozilla Firefox or Apple Safari browsers, you can ', u' in your Gmail account settings. To see the notifications on your screen, you need to be logged into your account with Gmail open in a tab or window and you should make sure your browser\u2019s preferences are also set to allow desktop notifications.', u'To turn on desktop notifications, go to your Gmail window, click the gear-shaped menu icon on the right side of the window and select Settings. Make sure you are on the General tab of the Settings screen and scroll down to Desktop Notifications. Here, you can turn on alerts for new messages. If you use ', u', you will be notified when new mail arrives in your Primary Inbox.', u'Should you prefer, you can also limit the notifications so they appear only when you receive new messages from senders you or Google have ', u'; these are the messages tagged with a little yellow icon next to the sender\u2019s name. When you have turned on the notification level you want to use, click the Save Changes button in the Settings window.']), ([u"French Watchdog Pressures Google on Right 'to Be Forgotten'"], [u'PARIS \u2014  Google must scrub search results worldwide when it agrees to requests from users to be "forgotten", rather than just from European versions of its website, France\'s data protection regulator said on Friday.', u'The regulator (CNIL) said in a statement that if Google does not comply within 15 days, it can launch a process leading to sanctions, ramping up pressure on the U.S. giant following a  landmark European legal ruling.', u'In May last year, the European Court of Justice ruled that European residents can ask search engines to delete results that turn up under a search for their name when they are out of date, irrelevant or inflammatory - the so-called right to be forgotten.', u"Since then, Google and other search engines such as Microsoft's Bing and Yahoo have begun to grant de-listing requests when they meet certain criteria.", u"But there has been much debate over the implementation, especially of Google's decision only to scrub results from European sites, leading some to appeal to local regulators.", u'The company maintains it should only apply the ruling across its European domains, such as ', u' in France and ', u' in Germany.', u'But EU data protection watchdogs, many legal experts and former German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger, who has advised Google on privacy following the European ruling, think it should be global.', u'Some individuals have taken Google to court to try to force a change. They include Dan Shefet, a French lawyer born in Denmark, who won a defamation case in a French court recently that experts say called for the results to be scrubbed globally.', u'"In accordance with the (European court) judgment, the CNIL considers that in order to be effective, de-listing must be carried out on all extensions of the search engine and that the service provided by Google search constitutes a single processing," the CNIL regulator said.', u'France is the first country to open a potential sanctions process against Google if it does not change its position. But the powers of the CNIL remain limited, since it can only impose fines of up to 150,000 euros ($168,000).', u'The Mountain View, California-based Google had revenue of $66 billion last year.', u"A Google spokesman said the company had been cooperating closely with data protection authorities and was seeking the right balance in applying the European Court's decision.", u'"The ruling focused on services directed to European users, and that\'s the approach we are taking in complying with it," said the spokesman.', u'(Reporting by Leila Abboud and Julia Fioretti; Editing by David Clarke)']), ([u'BlackBerry Move to Embrace Android May Bring Unexpected Reward'], [u"TORONTO \u2014  BlackBerry Ltd's move to embrace Android may be aimed at lifting revenue from its software and device management segment, but analysts say it may inadvertently give its device arm a fillip and a new lease on life.", u'"From the standpoint of marketing, this is a great way for BlackBerry to get visibility. It really doesn\'t hurt them much, and the upside is high," said Rob Enderle, who runs technology consulting firm Enderle Group.', u'Enderle and other financial and tech analysts agree that the move by BlackBerry does present its own set of challenges as the company would have to support two platforms and potentially put some resources into marketing an Android device, but with little to lose most agree it comes with little downside.', u'"If Android has one significant weakness it is security and that\'s just the thing that BlackBerry can fix, so it could play out pretty well and I am actually quite surprised that they did not try this sooner," said Enderle, adding that BlackBerry has to deliver a compelling device in order for the gambit to work.', u'Reuters reported on Thursday that BlackBerry was considering', u"a move to test run Android on its upcoming slider device, as part of a bid to convince potential corporate and government clients that its device management system, BES12, is truly able of manage and secure not just BlackBerry devices, but also devices powered by Google's Android, Apple's iOS and Microsoft's Windows operating system.", u'"In order for BES12 to succeed it has to be viewed by all as platform agnostic, and what better way to demonstrate that other than by doing it yourself," said Ramon Llamas, an analyst with technology research firm IDC.', u'BlackBerry, which once dominated the smartphone market, has seen its market share drop to under 1 percent, as the iPhone and a slew of Android devices from Samsung have captured market share. John Chen, a turnaround expert brought in to fix its slide, is now pivoting BlackBerry to focus more on its well-regarded software and device management business.', u'Although the hardware business is becoming less relevant to BlackBerry as it works through its turnaround, the company still needs revenues from hardware as it ramps up new revenue streams.', u'"It certainly makes sense for BlackBerry\'s hardware business to experiment with Android," said Morningstar analyst Brian Colello. "BlackBerry doesn\'t have much to lose. There\'s little downside and they just need one hit phone to justify the handset business."', u'(This version of the story corrects fifth paragraph to restore dropped word "to")', u'(Reporting by Euan Rocha; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Chinese Hackers Circumvent Popular Web Privacy Tools'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Chinese hackers have found a way around widely used privacy technology to target the creators and readers of web content that state censors have deemed hostile, according to new research.', u'The hackers were able to circumvent two of the most trusted privacy tools on the Internet: virtual private networks, or VPNs, and Tor, the anonymity software that masks a computer\u2019s true whereabouts by routing its Internet connection through various points around the globe, according to findings by Jaime Blasco, a security researcher at AlienVault, a Silicon Valley security company.', u'Both tools are used by Chinese businesses and by millions of citizens to bypass China\u2019s censorship technology, often called the Great Firewall, and to make their web activities unreadable to state snoopers.', u'The attackers compromised websites frequented by Chinese journalists as well as China\u2019s Muslim Uighur ethnic minority, Mr. Blasco discovered last week.', u'As long as visitors to those websites were also logged into one of 15 Chinese Internet portals \u2014 including those run by Baidu, Alibaba and RenRen \u2014 the hackers were able to steal names, addresses, sex, birth dates, email addresses, phone numbers and even the so-called Internet cookies that track other websites viewed by a user.', u'To get around the Tor and VPN technology, the attackers relied on a server software vulnerability that China\u2019s top companies apparently didn\u2019t patch, Mr. Blasco said.', u'While Mr. Blasco and others have not been able to pinpoint the identity of the hackers, the list of targets and the sophistication of the attacks suggest they may have been directed by the Chinese government.', u'\u201cWho else could be potentially interested in this information and go to such lengths? Who else would want to know who was visiting Uighur websites and reporters\u2019 websites inside China?\u201d Mr. Blasco said in interview. \u201cThere\u2019s no financial gain from targeting these sites.\u201d', u'Since taking power in late 2012, President Xi Jinping has shown a personal interest in how the Internet is managed, by creating and leading a committee responsible for Internet governance.', u'He has also given broad powers to the newly formed Cyberspace Administration of China, which has in turn targeted Internet celebrities who influence online opinion, increased blocks on foreign websites and sought to project China\u2019s influence over the Internet internationally.', u'In the last few months, the Chinese government has blocked sales and disabled the protocols of VPNs. It also hijacked Internet traffic flowing to Baidu, China\u2019s biggest Internet company, using it to overwhelm and knock down websites like GitHub that carry content China\u2019s sensors deem hostile, including content from The New York Times.', u'Activists and security experts advised Chinese Internet users to protect themselves from state-sponsored surveillance by using Tor and VPNs, and foreigners inside China have long done so. But Mr. Blasco\u2019s discovery suggests that Beijing\u2019s Internet censors have found a way to render those tools useless.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s a growing sense within China that widely used VPN services that were once considered untouchable are now being touched,\u201d said Nathan Freitas, a fellow at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society at Harvard and technical adviser to the Tibet Action Institute.', u'The Cyberspace Administration of China did not return requests for comment.', u'Mr. Blasco said the Uighur and press-related sites had been compromised with a \u201cwatering hole attack\u201d in which attackers find a way to hide malicious code in websites frequented by their targets and then wait for their victims to come to them. Once people visit those sites, that code gets injected into their web browsers.', u'The technique has been used by governments and hackers for surveillance and to steal passwords.', u'What made the attacks particularly serious, Mr. Blasco said, was that as long as the victims were logged into China\u2019s 15 top web services \u2014 including major portals like Baidu, Taobao, QQ, Sina, Sohu, Ctrip and RenRen \u2014 the attackers could identify them and siphon off their personal digital information, even if their victims were logged into Tor or a VPN.', u'They did this with the aid of a particularly serious vulnerability that 15 web services in China apparently never patched.', u'The vulnerability, known as JSONP, is not new. It was publicized in a Chinese security and web forum around 2013, about the same time that forensic evidence suggests that attackers used it to target Muslim Uighur websites and nongovernmental organizations\u2019 sites, Mr. Blasco said.', u'By not patching this hole, Mr. Blasco said, major web portals like Baidu and Taobao, a subsidiary of Alibaba, effectively neutered the only privacy protections available to web users inside China.', u'\u201cThe equivalent would be if law enforcement was able to exploit a serious vulnerability in Facebook to deanonymize users of Tor and VPNs in the United States,\u201d Mr. Blasco said. \u201cYou would assume Facebook would fix that pretty fast.\u201d', u'It is not clear, given the severity of the vulnerability and its discovery some two years ago, why so many of China\u2019s top web portals did not fix it.', u'A Baidu spokesman said the company did try to deal with the problem.', u'\u201cTo the best of our knowledge, our earlier efforts were successful in preventing any serious leak of personal use data. But in light of this further information, we have decided to implement a more aggressive and thorough fix across Baidu for the JSONP vulnerability,\u201d the spokesman said.', u'A spokesman for Alibaba also said the company was now moving to deal with the problem. \u201cAlibaba Group takes data security seriously and we do everything possible to protect our users,\u201d said Robert Christie, vice president of international media at Alibaba.', u'\u201cMany companies in our space have faced this issue, and once we discovered this issue, we moved swiftly to address it. We have found no evidence that any user information has been compromised,\u201d he said.', u'Researchers say the complexity of the attack and the lack of digital fingerprints indicate that someone with significant influence had to have been directing it. Otherwise, \u201cthere must be a cybercriminal out there with pretty significant access to China\u2019s Internet infrastructure,\u201d said Mr. Freitas.']), ([u'Investigators Suspect Chinese Link in Separate Attack on Federal Office: Source'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. government investigators discovered a separate attack on the federal Office of Personnel Management targeting sensitive information about government employees similar to a hacking incident revealed last week, a senior U.S. official said on Friday.', u'U.S. investigators also suspect a Chinese link to the attack, a source familiar with the probe said.', u'The senior U.S. official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, could not confirm a Associated Press report that the information obtained was background data submitted by U.S. intelligence and military personnel for security clearances.', u'However the official said the cyber intrusion affected "a different set of OPM systems and data" to that disclosed last week. The official could not say when the separate breach occurred.', u'(Reporting by Matt Spetalnick, writing by David Brunnstrom)']), ([u'Stanford President, an Influential Force in Silicon Valley, to Leave Post'], [u'(Reuters) - The president of Stanford University, a computer scientist who sits on the boards of Google Inc and Cisco Systems Inc and has been an influential force in Silicon Valley, plans to step down next year, the university said.', u'John Hennessy, who since 2000 has served as president of the prestigious private university in Northern California, said he will leave the post in summer 2016 to focus on teaching.', u'"The time has come to return to what brought me to Stanford \u2013 teaching and research," Hennessy said on Thursday to the faculty senate, where he received a standing ovation, according to the university.', u'Hennessy, 62, who in the 1980s co-founded a semiconductor company, forged close ties with the technology industry in Silicon Valley, including with the late Apple co-founder Steve Jobs and the founders of Google.', u'Aside from sitting on the boards of Google and Cisco, he also has mentored many students who have gone on to work in the tech industry.', u'On occasion, he also has met with the leaders of countries such as Japan, Germany and Russia when they have come to Silicon Valley.', u'During his time as president of Stanford, Hennessy has been known for fostering exchanges across different academic disciplines at the school. He successfully led a $6.2 billion fundraising campaign for such projects as multidisciplinary research and graduate fellowships and also organized a separate $1 billion campaign focused on undergraduate education.', u'"It has been a remarkable run, one of the greatest not only in Stanford\'s history but also in the annals of American higher education," Steven A. Denning, chair of the university\'s board of trustees, said in a statement.', u"A search committee to find the university's next president plans to begin work in September.", u'(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Sandra Maler)']), ([u'China-Linked Hackers Get Sensitive U.S. Defense and Intelligence Data: Report'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  China-linked hackers appear to have gained access to sensitive background information submitted by U.S. intelligence and military personnel for security clearances that could potentially expose them to blackmail, the Associated Press reported on Friday.', u'In a report citing several U.S. officials, the news agency', u'said data on nearly all of the millions of U.S. security-clearance holders, including the Central Intelligence Agency, National Security Agency and military special operations personnel, were potentially exposed in the attack on the Office of Personnel Management.', u'It said more than 2.9 million people had been investigated for a security clearance as of October 2014.', u'The OPM did not immediately respond to requests for comment, but a senior U.S. official confirmed that U.S. investigators had discovered a separate attack on the OPM that targeted sensitive information about government employees similar to a hacking incident revealed last week.', u'The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity, could not confirm that the information obtained was from U.S. intelligence and military personnel but did say it was "a different set of OPM systems and data" to that of the hack disclosed last week and did involve background data and security clearances.', u'A source familiar with the investigation said U.S. investigators suspected a similar Chinese link to the other hacking incident.', u'Earlier on Friday, the White House said it could not confirm another AP report that as many as 14 million current and former U.S. government employees had their personal information exposed to hackers in the other OPM breach.', u'The government said last week that the records of up to 4 million people had been compromised, making it one of the biggest known attacks on U.S. federal networks. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the investigation was continuing into this breach.', u'SENSITIVE DATA', u'The AP report said a form authorities believed to have been accessed in the breach involving the intelligence and military personnel, Standard Form 86, required applicants to fill out deeply personal information about mental illnesses, drug and alcohol use, past arrests and bankruptcies.', u"The form required the listing of contacts and relatives, potentially exposing any foreign relatives of U.S. intelligence employees to coercion, the report said. The form also required the applicant's ", u' number and that of their cohabitant.', u'Later on Friday, without referring to the AP report, the Obama administration said it had ordered federal agencies to take extra steps to protect U.S. government computer systems.', u'\u201cRecent events underscore the need to accelerate the Administration\u2019s cyber strategy and confront aggressive, persistent malicious actors that continue to target our nation\u2019s cyber infrastructure,\u201d the White House said in a statement outlining its security measures.', u"Friday's reports came as President Barack Obama's top national security adviser, Susan Rice, met with a top Chinese military officer, General Fan Changlong, at the White House and stressed the need for the United States and China to narrow disagreements, including on cyber security.", u"China, which is also at odds with the United States over Beijing's increasingly assertive pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea, has rejected as irresponsible any allegations that it was behind the hacking.", u"The cyber attacks and tensions over the South China Sea  threaten to overshadow broader annual U.S.-China talks covering economic and strategic ties between the word's two biggest economies from June 22-24.", u'U.S. government officials and cyber analysts say Chinese hackers are using high-tech tactics to build massive databases that could be used for traditional espionage, such as recruiting spies, or gaining access to secure data on other networks.', u'The OPM incident disclosed last week gave the hackers access to a trove of personal information, including birth dates, Social Security numbers, previous addresses and security clearances.', u'One official said the stolen information would enable an intelligence service to chart out relationships among U.S. government employees and build pictures of individuals and their families, potentially enabling them to figure out ways to target or blackmail people for espionage purposes.', u'(Reporting by David Brunnstrom and Matt Spatalnick; Editing by David Storey and Ken Wills)']), ([u'North Korea Restricts Access to Uncensored Mobile Internet'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  Foreigners in North Korea no longer have access to the country's 3G network, the country's mobile phone provider said in a message sent to its subscribers in the country.", u'North Koreans are unable to access outside uncensored Internet, except for on rare occasions, but foreign residents and visitors to the isolated country are able to buy 3G mobile SIM cards which are largely unrestricted.', u'"Unfortunately we are facing internet service outage from the local internet provider\'s side with no estimated time, we will keep you posted once the service is back to normal,"', u'the provider, Koryolink, said in a notice sent in English to subscribers and seen by Reuters.', u"It was not immediately clear why access to the mobile network had been restricted, but the measures were introduced on Friday afternoon, a day after Pyongyang's Koryo Hotel caught fire, a source with access to Koryolink said.", u'It was not clear if the news of the fire at the hotel had affected the service.', u'There are more than 2.5 million mobile phone subscribers in North Korea, a country of 24 million people.', u'Pyongyang has in the past introduced mild restrictions on the ability of foreigners to access mobile 3G Internet. Subscriptions bought by foreign visitors usually only last for the duration of their visa.', u'(Reporting by James Pearson; Editing by Robert Birsel)']), ([u'Jack Dorsey Returns to Twitter as Chief, to Shrugs and Quips'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  For the last two years, the normally dapper Jack Dorsey has hardly been seen at the offices of ', u', the social networking company he co-founded, even though he works a block away. So he shocked many when he returned on Thursday with a beard so wild that ', u'.', u'\u201cHe looked like a mountain man back from the wilderness,\u201d not the incoming leader of one of the world\u2019s largest social networks, said one person who has worked closely with Mr. Dorsey in the past but spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the unusual circumstances of his return.', u'Mr. Dorsey, 38, is a figure of legend to newer Twitter employees, and remembered with varying degrees of fondness and fear by those who worked with him during his earlier stints there.', u'Twitter ', u' on Thursday that Mr. Dorsey would become its interim chief executive while the company\u2019s board searched for a replacement for Dick Costolo, who will step down on July 1.', u'As the man who sent the first tweet in 2006 and a product visionary who led the company in its early years, Mr. Dorsey helped make the micromessaging service into a global platform that now has more than 300 million active users, from celebrities like ', u' and Katy Perry whose tweets are followed by millions to ', u' with just a few dozen followers.', u'But Mr. Dorsey was also a major player in the executive turmoil that has plagued the company throughout its existence, most recently in 2011 when he briefly oversaw product development after he helped install Mr. Costolo as chief executive in a boardroom coup that ousted another co-founder, Evan Williams, from the job.', u'Mr. Dorsey was the driving force for many of Twitter\u2019s product innovations during that time, like the ability to embed tweets on other sites, but was also a polarizing figure, firing product managers and fostering an atmosphere of secrecy and paranoia, according to current and former associates.', u'Mr. Costolo, a former entrepreneur and stand-up comedian, has strived to create a more open, collaborative culture at the company. He has built up Twitter\u2019s advertising business, but has largely failed to fix persistent product problems that make it difficult to attract new users. Mr. Costolo has also been criticized for making rapid-fire decisions without a clear strategy guiding them.', u'It is not clear what role Mr. Dorsey \u2014 Twitter\u2019s chairman as well as the chief executive of Square, an e-commerce company \u2014 played in Mr. Costolo stepping aside. Mr. Costolo declined to comment on Friday, and Twitter spokesmen did not respond to requests for comment. A spokesman for Twitter\u2019s board declined to comment, as did a spokesman for Square.', u'Although Mr. Costolo had indicated for months that he was tiring of the job and intended to leave eventually, he had planned to stay until early 2016 to see his turnaround efforts bear fruit and manage the transition process.', u'At a board meeting last week, that plan changed for reasons that have yet to be explained. Mr. Costolo\u2019s abrupt announcement of his departure was a surprise to many of those at the highest ranks at Twitter, according to two people close to the company.', u'The general feeling among Twitter employees now is trepidation, according to people inside and outside the company. Many are concerned at the prospect of Mr. Dorsey\u2019s interim title becoming permanent, given his divisive and sometimes erratic management style and the fact that he had been dismissed and returned to the company before.', u'Wall Street was similarly unimpressed. Shares of Twitter were flat in trading on Friday as investors considered the news.', u'\u201cJack is obviously considered a product visionary and could really lead the acceleration of the cadence of product releases,\u201d said Robert Peck, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey who had predicted that Mr. Costolo would not last much longer as chief executive. \u201cBut the company is in turmoil and to have a C.E.O. who is only part-time involved is a concern.\u201d', u'Mr. Dorsey, a billionaire who deeply admires the late Apple chief Steven P. Jobs, has not ruled out turning his interim return into a permanent one, much like Mr. Jobs did after his temporary return to Apple in 1997.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not something I\u2019m thinking about or focused on,\u201d Mr. Dorsey said in a brief interview on Thursday. \u201cMy entire focus is to make sure that Twitter is going to be amazingly successful.\u201d', u'Associates say he has in the past discussed merging Twitter and Square, which would give Twitter an instant e-commerce platform, something that the company has struggled to build. However, at its latest round of venture funding in October, ', u', which would make it an expensive acquisition for Twitter, and it is not clear if Mr. Dorsey still sees that as an option.', u'Mr. Dorsey has high-level supporters at Twitter. Peter Fenton, a partner at the venture capital firm Benchmark and a Twitter board member, has long been an advocate for Mr. Dorsey, according to people close to the company.', u'The mood among those at Square, where Mr. Dorsey is still chief executive, was mixed after the news broke of his return to Twitter. Some Square employees fear that Mr. Dorsey appears to be choosing Twitter over Square, according to employees who requested anonymity because they were not authorized to speak to the news media. That could hurt the way outsiders perceive Square\u2019s health as a business, its valuation and its recruiting prospects.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s smart, so I\u2019m sure he knows what he\u2019s doing, but Square is in a competitive space in a market that\u2019s going through a ton of changes,\u201d said James Wester, a payments analyst at IDC, a research firm. \u201cI would think now would be the time for Square to have a pretty firm hand on the tiller if it\u2019s going to continue to be competitive.\u201d', u'At the same time, Mr. Dorsey\u2019s is more of a high-level conceptual role that is not deeply felt in its day-to-day operations, according to sources close to and inside the company. He is most interested in Square Cash, the company\u2019s consumer-facing money transfer product. Square Cash is gaining in popularity, but it is far from Square\u2019s core business of processing payments and lending money to small and midsize businesses.', u'Mr. Dorsey tried to assuage any concerns his staff had at an all-hands meeting at Square\u2019s headquarters on Thursday, according to people who were present. He emphasized that he was committed to the company and that Square\u2019s strong leadership team afforded him the opportunity to take the interim chief position at Twitter.', u'But it is also unclear when Square will regain Mr. Dorsey\u2019s undivided attention.', u'\u201cThe search committee expects to retain a search firm shortly and to begin a thorough process to identify a new C.E.O.,\u201d Mr. Dorsey told Twitter investors in a conference call. \u201cThere is no timetable. The committee will take the time it needs to evaluate candidates, both inside the company and outside.\u201d']), ([u"Taiwan's Asustek Says Has Not Ruled Out Possibility of Buying HTC"], [u"TAIPEI \u2014  Taiwan's Asustek Computer Inc said on Friday it has not ruled out the possibility of acquiring struggling smartphone maker HTC Corp.", u"Chairman Johnny Shih of Asustek, one of the world's biggest makers of laptop personal computers and smartphones, made the comment in response to questions raised at its annual general meeting, Chief Financial Officer David Chang told Reuters.", u'"Our chairman has chatted about the topic internally," said Chang. "Still, the chances of an actual takeover are not big as Asustek is a company that has depended on organic growth."', u'HTC shares plunged 20 percent on Monday and Tuesday combined after the company forecast a steep loss for the June quarter, prompting speculation that the company could be acquired.', u'(Reporting by Faith Hung; Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Sex Dolls That Talk Back'], [u'Matt McMullen has proved that some people are willing to spend thousands on sex dolls.', u'Mr. McMullen, the creator of the RealDoll, says he has sold over 5,000 customizable, life-size dolls since 1996, with prices from $5,000 to $10,000. Not only can his customers decide on body type and skin, hair and eye color, but on a recent day in the company\u2019s factory in San Marcos, Calif., a craftsman was even furnishing one doll with custom-ordered toes.', u'Mr. McMullen\u2019s new project, which he is calling Realbotix, is an attempt to animate the doll. He has assembled a small team that includes engineers who have worked for Hanson Robotics, a robotics lab that produces shockingly lifelike humanoid robots.', u'Mr. McMullen is first focusing on developing convincing artificial intelligence, and a robotic head that can blink and open and close its mouth. He\u2019s also working to integrate other emerging technologies, like a mobile app that acts like a virtual assistant and companion, and virtual reality headsets that can be used separately or in tandem with the physical doll.', u'One of the challenges that Mr. McMullen will have to contend with is the so-called uncanny valley. It is a concept first written about in 1970 by a Japanese researcher, that says people\u2019s responses to robots will shift sharply from empathy to revulsion the more closely the robots resemble humans. In other words, something robotic that looks alive, but is not completely convincing, will creep people out.', u', the researcher, Masahiro Mori, then a robotics professor at the Tokyo Institute of Technology, likened the experience to encountering a prosthetic limb.', u'\u201cWe could be startled during a handshake by its limp boneless grip together with its texture and coldness,\u201d he wrote. When that happens, according to Mr. Mori, \u201cwe lose our sense of affinity, and the hand becomes uncanny.\u201d', u'With Realbotix, Mr. McMullen is trying to avoid that sense of uncanny by creating products that still look like dolls and not, as he says, copies of people.', u'Mr. McMullen says the Realbotix head, which can be attached to the existing RealDoll body, will cost around $10,000, and be commercially available in two years. The full body, which he will begin developing next, will most likely range from $30,000 to $60,000. ']), ([u'Twitter\u2019s C.E.O., Dick Costolo, Is Set to Exit, Feeling Heat of Criticism'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 After replacing much of ', u'\u2019s top management team last year, Dick Costolo told members of the company\u2019s board that he wanted them to replace him as chief executive, too.', u'On Thursday, they did just that, announcing that Mr. Costolo will step down July 1 and appointing Jack Dorsey, ', u'\u2019s co-founder and former chief, as interim chief executive while they look for a permanent successor.', u'Mr. Costolo, a wealthy former entrepreneur who has led Twitter for the last five years, had grown tired of second-guessing by Wall Street, with its focus on the social network\u2019s sluggish user growth and its repeated failures to make its products more appealing. In January, he confided to friends at the ', u' in January that he did not need the aggravation anymore.', u'Instead of beginning an immediate search for a new chief executive, the board kept him on, encouraging him to build up his management team and lay out a strategy for it to follow.', u'\u201cThere is never, ever the right time to begin a transition like this,\u201d Mr. Costolo told investors in a call to discuss the leadership transition. But \u201cyou want to do these things when the org is stable and the product is robust.\u201d', u'Even as Mr. Costolo and his lieutenants promoted their early progress in reinvigorating the company\u2019s products, criticism of his strategy grew. Last week, one of the company\u2019s biggest shareholders and cheerleaders, Chris Sacca, publicly called for change.', u'Twitter shares rose more than 7 percent in after-hours trading immediately after ', u'Now Twitter, which has 302 million active users, faces deep questions about the future of its messaging service, which is built around 140-character snippets of text in a world that is increasingly about photos and video.', u'\u201cThe situation at Twitter must be much worse than it appears, as replacing the C.E.O. is such a big step,\u201d said Brian Blau, an analyst with Gartner. \u201cTwitter\u2019s problems are clearly not over, and while Jack Dorsey knows Twitter well, they really should bring in some outside perspective as most of their strategies so far are not working out so well.\u201d', u'Mr. Dorsey said that Twitter\u2019s board was not seeking a change in strategy or direction for the company as it searched for a new permanent leader. \u201cWe do have a great strategy, we do have a great direction, and we do have a great team behind it,\u201d he said in an interview.', u'Since Twitter\u2019s debut as a public company in 2013, Mr. Costolo has repeatedly failed to meet Wall Street\u2019s high expectations.', u'His departure is likely to renew speculation that Twitter is an acquisition target for the handful of tech giants that could afford the company, which currently has a market valuation topping $24 billion. In recent weeks, Google has been rumored to be eyeing Twitter, but people with knowledge of the companies said that no deal was in the works.', u'The research firm eMarketer estimates that Twitter\u2019s monthly user base will grow 14.1 percent this year, down from 30 percent growth two years ago. By 2019, its worldwide user growth rate will be 6 percent, according to the firm.', u'Twitter accounted for 3.6 percent of the $19.2 billion mobile Internet ad market in the United States last year, according to eMarketer, while Facebook held an 18.5 percent share and Google dominated with 36.9 percent.', u'Pressure on Mr. Costolo grew in recent weeks after Mr. Sacca, an early Twitter investor, ', u' of what Twitter could be and how it could get there.', u'Shortly after the essay was published on Mr. Sacca\u2019s blog, Mr. Costolo fielded some tough questions from Twitter stockholders at the company\u2019s annual shareholder meeting.', u'Mr. Sacca\u2019s manifesto calls for a much deeper rethinking of Twitter\u2019s service and more experimentation at a company that has resisted change.', u'\u201cTwitter can afford to build the wrong things,\u201d Mr. Sacca wrote. \u201cHowever, Twitter cannot afford to build the right things too slowly.\u201d', u'After Mr. Sacca posted his letter, Robert Peck, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, said that if Twitter\u2019s financial results disappointed investors again in July, as they had for the last two quarters, \u201cwe think it\u2019s possible that the company may look to make some changes\u201d in leadership.', u'Twitter said on Thursday that its second-quarter financial results were on track to meet its previous forecasts.', u'Twitter, founded in 2006, has never been known for its stable management, with a history of ', u'among its founders and early executives.', u'Mr. Costolo became chief executive in October 2010 in a boardroom coup against Evan Williams, Twitter\u2019s co-founder and then chief executive. Mr. Williams remains on the board and is one of the company\u2019s biggest shareholders. He will be part of a search committee for a new chief executive.', u'Last year, much of Mr. Costolo\u2019s executive team was fired or resigned as he sought to speed up the company\u2019s pace of product improvements.', u'Mr. Dorsey, who preceded Mr. Costolo as chief executive, is deeply familiar with the company and its products. He is also the chief executive of Square, a tech start-up he founded in 2009 that specializes in online payments and has its headquarters down the street from Twitter\u2019s San Francisco office building.', u'This is the second rise to Twitter\u2019s top ranks for Mr. Dorsey. After being ousted as chief executive and replaced by Mr. Williams in 2008, Mr. Dorsey returned to Twitter as executive chairman in 2011 when Mr. Williams himself was pushed out.', u'But ever since his ouster in 2008, Mr. Dorsey has wanted to return to the helm of Twitter, according to two people with knowledge of his thinking. As chairman during Mr. Costolo\u2019s tenure, Mr. Dorsey has angled to become more prominent in his influence on Twitter\u2019s direction, these people said.', u'Mr. Dorsey will continue as chief executive of Square and will not be on the search committee for a new Twitter boss.', u'As rumors swirled around Mr. Costolo, Twitter insiders have divided into camps regarding who should replace him.', u'Adam Bain, who oversees global revenue and partnerships, is a favorite for the top job among Twitter employees, according to multiple people inside the company. Mr. Bain, a longtime media executive who worked at Fox Interactive Media, has strong relationships with many of Twitter\u2019s media partners.', u'Outside watchers of the company have looked at Anthony Noto, a former technology banker at Goldman Sachs and Twitter\u2019s current chief financial officer, as another potential candidate for chief executive.', u'In recent months Mr. Noto has sought a more operational role, according to multiple people inside the company. This year, he was given oversight of Twitter\u2019s marketing efforts, a role that was earlier taken from Gabriel Stricker, Twitter\u2019s chief communications officer.', u'Mr. Peck, the SunTrust analyst, also suggested as possible candidates Ross Levinsohn, a former interim chief executive of Yahoo, and Mike McCue, the chief executive of Flipboard, a news aggregation service.', u'\u201cThey\u2019ve done a lot of things right, and some things wrong,\u201d said Ben Schachter, an analyst with the Macquarie Group. \u201cThe truest thing they\u2019ve said is that Twitter has not lived up to its potential.\u201d']), ([u' For Twitter, Future Means Here and Now '], [u'Here, in 140 characters or fewer, is some free advice for ', u'\u2019s next chief executive: ', u'That may sound a bit simplistic. The news that Dick Costolo ', u' is sure to elicit a raft of ', u' about the company. Mr. Costolo, who since 2010 has been chief executive of Twitter, the service that lets people post 140-character messages, helped take the company public in 2013 and built it into a Silicon Valley force.', u'Along the way, however, Twitter\u2019s audience growth stalled, and its ', u'. From afar, Twitter can sometimes look dysfunctional, especially compared with its robotically disciplined competitors in the social networking business, among them Facebook and Pinterest, whose fortunes all burn brighter.', u'Among some investors and users, there is now a more straightforward and optimistic case to be made for the rebirth of Twitter under a new chief. That case involves focus. Twitter, as a service, is many things to many people at different times. It is one of the world\u2019s best sources for news and for jokes about news, a playground for professional networking, and a haven for that most human of pastimes, idle gossip.', u'But because the service offers so many uses, Twitter, as a company, has had trouble focusing on one purpose for which it should aim to excel. The lack of concentration has damaged its prospects with users, investors and advertisers. Choosing a single intent for Twitter \u2014 and working to make that a reality \u2014 ought to be the next chief\u2019s main task.', u'Among the many uses that Twitter fulfills as a social network, there is one it is uniquely suited for: as a global gathering space for live events. When something goes down in the real world \u2014 when a plane crashes, an earthquake strikes, a basketball game gets crazy, or ', u' \u2014 Twitter should aim to become the first and only app that people load up to comment on the news.', u'We live in an era dominated by time-shifted media. Just about everything worth watching can be watched later, when it\u2019s more convenient. Even so, many of us find experiencing media communally to be a deeply meaningful experience \u2014 much more meaningful than watching it later. The desire for communal experiences explains why the Super Bowl is still a mega TV event, why ESPN has grown to become one of the most valuable media properties on the planet, and why HBO has turned Sunday nights into a marquee time for television.', u'Twitter is well-positioned to take advantage of this desire. It is already among the best places online for consuming news and commentary about live events. It would be ridiculous for many fans of the N.B.A. or of \u201cScandal\u201d to watch TV without having Twitter nearby. Yet that behavior still remains a niche. Twitter\u2019s next chief could change that, adding a few simple features that might transform the service into a required accessory for experiencing anything live.', u'How should Twitter do that? Tech journalists and tech investors have spilled thousands of tweets over the years in attempts to account for the general unpopularity of Twitter. Though Twitter has brought out an accelerating set of improvements over the last year, it remains a punishingly difficult service to get accustomed to and use. Twitter may be alone among large social networks in turning away more people than it attracts. About 300 million people use it every month, but more than a billion have signed up and quit.', u'Last week, ', u', the venture capitalist Chris Sacca, one of the earliest and larger investors in Twitter and an inveterate fan of the service, outlined the most straightforward recipe for Twitter to own live events. Much of what he called for could be easily done now. For every live event that generates tweets \u2014 whether it be news or a sporting event or a TV show \u2014 Twitter could create a dedicated section of the app.', u'Say the N.B.A. finals are heating up (which they are), and Twitter knows you like basketball. The app would send you a notification, tap to see the best tweets timed to the moment \u2014 with photos, videos, commentary and, of course, jokes all focused on that event. In other words, an instant community talking about something you are interested in, and one that you can\u2019t help getting glued to, because it\u2019s about something happening live.', u'Twitter does some of this now, but not nearly as well as it could. When the Golden State Warriors were playing the Cleveland Cavaliers in ', u' on Tuesday night, I saw people tweeting about the game when I loaded up the Twitter app. I\u2019m not usually interested in basketball, but the tweets suggested this was an amazing game, so I stayed fixed to the screen.', u'Twitter made the experience difficult. I couldn\u2019t see a running score, I didn\u2019t know whose accounts to follow for the best stuff about the game, and basketball tweets were mixed in with ordinary posts about everything else. Tapping on some N.B.A. hashtags created a more focused feed, but it was still a messy experience, with lots of repetition, and, worse, boring tweets. The only reason I stuck with it is because I\u2019m already a Twitter addict. Most people would have bailed.', u'Mr. Sacca offered many obvious improvements to Twitter\u2019s problems with live viewing. Twitter, he suggested, should hire human editors to create curated feeds for special events. It should offer these specialized feeds to users who don\u2019t check in to the service very much, without requiring them to log in or to follow certain accounts permanently.', u'\u201cDone right, live Twitter will have sports scores and TV listings front and center and will be the place everyone visits first to see how the game is going or when the show starts,\u201d he wrote.', u'The best analog for Mr. Sacca\u2019s vision is a digital-era version of television or radio \u2014 a global coming together in an otherwise lifeless, anodyne digital world. Twitter\u2019s next chief could build such a thing. And it could be glorious.']), ([u'White House: Cannot Confirm Reports 14 Million Affected by Hack'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The White House said on Friday that it could not confirm reports that as many as 14 million current and former U.S. government employees had their personal information exposed to hackers in a recent cyber attack on the federal government.', u'White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the investigation continues into the breach at the Office of Personnel Management. Last week, the government said records of up to 4 million people had been compromised.', u'(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Sandra Maler)']), ([u'F.T.C. Reaches Settlement in a Kickstarter Scheme'], [u'The Federal Trade Commission on Thursday announced a settlement in its first Internet crowdfunding case, which involved a board-game maker who investigators say took in more than $120,000 on Kickstarter to fund a project but spent the money on personal expenses, including rent.', u'The F.T.C. says Erik Chevalier advertised in May 2012 that he planned to produce a board game called \u201cThe Doom That Came to Atlantic City,\u201d designed by two prominent board game artists. In all, 1,246 people gave pledges of $75 or more to Mr. Chevalier. The project was expected to conclude within six months.', u'But rather than deliver copies of the game or promised pewter figurines to those donors, as he had promised to do once he reached his $35,000 goal, Mr. Chevalier took in money until he had raised nearly four times that amount.', u'He then announced in July 2013 that the project had been canceled. He pledged to deliver refunds; they never arrived, nor did any of the promised mementos.', u'Mr. Chevalier instead put that money toward moving himself to Portland, Ore., paying his rent and financing licenses for unrelated projects, according to the F.T.C.', u'\u201cMany consumers enjoy the opportunity to take part in the development of a product or service through crowdfunding, and they generally know there\u2019s some uncertainty involved in helping start something new,\u201d said Jessica Rich, director of the F.T.C.\u2019s Bureau of Consumer Protection. \u201cBut consumers should able to trust their money will actually be spent on the project they funded.\u201d', u'The settlement is the first action the agency has taken involving such a funding scheme.', u'Some Kickstarter policies seek to protect against fraud, stipulating that participants must have a \u201cclear goal\u201d and must deliver a return to the funders. If a fund-raiser on the site does not raise sufficient money within a designated time period, the fund-raiser receives no money and no backer is charged, according to the F.T.C.', u'Asked about the case on Thursday, David Gallagher, a Kickstarter spokesman, wrote in an email: \u201cKickstarter creators have an incredible track record when it comes to following through on their promises. But creators who abuse our system and backers\u2019 trust expose themselves to legal action.\u201d', u'Mr. Gallagher noted that another game maker had stepped in to produce the game and deliver it to Mr. Chevalier\u2019s backers, calling that \u201ca testament to the good will and spirit of the Kickstarter community.\u201d', u'Under the terms ', u', Mr. Chevalier is prohibited \u201cfrom making misrepresentations about any crowdfunding campaign and from failing to honor stated refund policies.\u201d The F.T.C. settlement also imposed a $111,794 judgment, though it was suspended because of his inability to pay.', u'\u201cDefendant promised consumers that he would provide an accounting of his expenses, but he has not done so,\u201d the F.T.C. complaint read. \u201cConsumers continue to file complaints regarding defendant\u2019s failure to provide the promised products and rewards, or refunds.\u201d']), ([u'Facebook Offers a Glimpse of Oculus Rift Goggles'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  ', u' showed the world its ', u' on Thursday \u2014 and offered tantalizing hints of how it hopes to turn three-dimensional goggles into a new kind of computing and communications device.', u'At an event in San Francisco, Facebook executives discussed the goggles, called Oculus Rift. While the device is initially designed to be tethered to a high-end gaming computer, Facebook said the product would in time employ microphones for communication, voice recognition software to recognize computing commands and laser-based high-speed wireless data transfers.', u'\u201cThis is a teleportation device,\u201d said Michael Schroepfer, Facebook\u2019s chief technical officer. \u201cWhat people are missing is that we have a clear path of research and development.\u201d', u'Teleportation and its ilk have been in the wings of technology for decades, with few results and many failed virtual reality products. Oculus Rift, which Facebook got last year in a ', u', will not be available until the first quarter of 2016.', u'At the event, Facebook did not give a ', u', settling instead for standard projections of several games that are expected to appear on Oculus Rift.', u'Facebook did not say what Oculus Rift might cost, but the goggles will work only on expensive computers running costly processors. The wire between the computer and Rift is necessary because of data inputs about half as big as the already demanding level of existing VR goggles.', u'Facebook held the event in advance of next week\u2019s Electronic Entertainment Expo, or E3, the gaming industry\u2019s largest annual event. If the company had had nothing to show for Oculus after a year, it would have been a black eye.', u'To showcase Oculus Rift\u2019s gaming possibilities, Facebook said the device would work with the gaming controller made by Microsoft for its Xbox One console. This could make the goggles easier for established gamers to get used to, and raises the prospect that lots of Xbox games \u2014 like Halo and Minecraft \u2014 could be played on Oculus and upgraded to a more immersive kind of 3-D.', u'Facebook also showed off its own controller, called Oculus Touch, which looks like a pair of half-moons that fit over the hands and can be used to manipulate objects with a button and a trigger.', u'Palmer Luckey, the founder of Oculus, described Touch as \u201can input device that allows people to interact.\u201d Touch, he said, would be available in the first half of 2016; its cost was not disclosed.', u'Oculus Rift has several subtle but important design changes compared with the heavyweight model that Oculus VR initially produced. Besides weighing less, images are produced by two round screens that are adjusted to be the right distance from a user\u2019s eyes. Facebook reduced the size of the headphones and employed fuller 3-D audio, so objects sound as if they are moving in the right relationship to distance.', u'The head strap is somewhat heavier in the back, so the goggles feel less as if they are hanging on a user\u2019s face. The changes, along with better software, are designed to help people wear the goggles for hours at a time.', u'Nate Mitchell, the head of product at Oculus, said the Rift\u2019s fabric covering is to help a user\u2019s skin breathe better under the goggles and make the device feel like a piece of clothing. A microphone for Oculus will allow gamers to talk to each other and eventually might be used for commands, he said, adding that this may be announced as early as September.', u'Facebook appears to be spending significant resources trying to make the Rift a success.', u'\u201cThey fly engineers to our offices and give us tips on new ways to do things,\u201d said Eric Nofsinger, the chief creative officer at High Voltage Software of Hoffman Estates, Ill., which is developing a game for Rift.']), ([u"Bill Aimed at 'Patent Trolls' Advances in House"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A congressional panel on Thursday approved a bill aimed at deterring frivolous patent lawsuits, but which some critics say undermines the ability to protect new innovations.', u'The U.S. House of Representatives Judiciary Committee, in a 24-8 bipartisan vote, sent the measure to the full House, a move reflecting lawmakers\' desire to neutralize so-called "patent trolls," or companies that make money by aggressively suing over patents instead of selling products.', u'The bill was supported by a coalition of computer and Internet firms such as Google, Facebook, and Cisco Systems. A week ago, the Senate Judiciary Committee advanced its own bipartisan patent reform bill to the floor of the U.S. Senate.', u'Companies and lobbyists have been urging legislators to pass stricter patent reforms for years. They say changes made in 2011 were not enough to deter abusive litigation and letters from patent owners, who demand payment not only from product manufacturers, but also from end-users such as restaurant owners who offer a technology like Wi-Fi to their customers.', u"The House bill has been widely considered harsher on patent owners than the Senate's by requiring losers of infringement lawsuits to pay the winners' fees unless a judge decides otherwise.", u'It would also protect customers from lawsuits and could potentially make it harder to file a lawsuit in places considered friendlier to such litigation.', u'"The patent system was never intended to be a playground for litigation extortion and frivolous claims," said Judiciary Committee Chairman Bob Goodlatte, Republican of Virginia, who introduced the bill.', u'While the focus of reforms has been on "trolls," universities, biotechnology firms and pharmaceutical companies have been wary of any moves that could undermine their patent rights and make it harder for them to sue others to enforce them, such as generic drug makers.', u'They have complained about trial-like reviews at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, created in the 2011 reforms, which have made it easier to challenge the legitimacy of patents, and have led to a high rate of patent cancellation.', u"The House bill includes a newly-added provision to prevent short sellers from starting this type of review in order to profit from a company's subsequent fall in share price.", u'Some trade groups, including the Biotechnology Industry Organization, panned the provision on Thursday as not going far enough to protect patent owners.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Grant McCool)']), ([u"Apple's Main Contractors Leave Spaceship Campus Project: Report"], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc will no longer be working with lead construction firms DPR Construction Inc and Skanska USA on its new "Spaceship" campus, the Silicon Valley Business Journal reported on Tuesday.', u'Apple and Skanska were "unable to come to an agreement during negotiations for the revised scope of work," the construction company\'s chief, Richard Cavallaro, wrote in an internal email seen by the journal.', u'Cavallaro added that the team "will transition completely off the project in the next several weeks," the journal reported.', u'Atlanta-based Holder Construction may take over the project, two anonymous industry sources told the journal. (', u')', u'Apple and Skanska declined to comment on the story.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings)']), ([u"The Writing's on the Wall With Phree Smart Pen"], [u'A digital pen that allows users to document and share a digital copy of a scribble, sketch or note written on any surface has been developed in Israel.', u"When paired with a smartphone, 'Phree' frees users from the need to write on paper or the screen itself. Resembling traditional hand-held pens in size and shape, its developers say that Phree's appeal is in preserving the ancient act of writing or drawing while keeping up with technological advancements.", u'Gilad Lederer, co-Ceo and co-founder of OTM Technologies, said the Israeli smart pen shoots a laser beam from its tip. Handwriting or drawings are digitalized on virtually any surface almost instantaneously to a smartphone, having been processed by algorithms, and converted into a motion signal.', u'"You write anywhere you want on any surface but you create directly digital ink on the target device," said Lederer.', u'Regardless of the surface on which it was written, the target device - a watch, smartphone, television or virtual reality glasses - can capture it all. The pen is compatible with existing software such as EverNote, Google Handwriting Keyboard and Viber and connects to anything with a Bluetooth connection.', u'"You can virtually write on any surface and just scroll the screen as you write. So you are unlimited in space that you have to work," Lederer told Reuters at the Herzliya High Tech zone.', u"Handwriting is simultaneously visible on the target device, which is then translated into Word font, in almost any language, or as an image in one's own handwriting, enabling users to share clear notes via text, email or any other mobile application.", u'Phee works up to a distance of one inch (25 millimeters) from the Phee tip to the surface and be used at up to 10 meters from the target device.', u'The possibilities for different professionals to use Phree are endless, said Lederer, who founded the company with two of his fellow comrades from Talpiot, an elite Israel military training program whose graduates frequently assume technological leadership positions in their civilian lives.', u'"Professionals want to work and annotate documents and red line documents on the go. Kids want to play like draw something and send their drawings or sketches in snap shot of photos. Construction workers can work in a construction site and annotate a building plan straight into the cloud, and gamers can finally have a tool to use in the virtual reality world to interact even when they are totally immersed in the virtual reality," said Lederer.', u"The patent registered technology, an optical tracking engine, is located at the tip of the pen. The optical sensor at the tip - which its developers call the world's smallest 3D laser interferometer - tracks motion on any surface in three dimensions with laser interferometry and transmits the motion data to the Bluetooth-enabled target device.", u'The pen has physical buttons and a touch display that is used to interact with the connected devices.', u'"It\'s like a mouse: you can choose menus, interact, do whatever you want with your digital device," said co-founder and co-CEO Opher Kinrot.', u'OTM launched a crowd-funding Kickstarter campaign for Phree in May with a target set at $100,000 USD. Pledges totaling seven times that figure have already been reached ahead of its June 26 deadline.', u'The final retail price is expected to be around $200 USD, Lederer said.', u'Lederer said the next stage will be to deliver the product to its Kickstarter backers in March 2016.', u'Kinrot said the smart pen is so accurate that it can be used as a biometrical identification by providing aspects such as the angle users employ to grip the device, the pressure put on it, and velocities and acceleration to the extent that "we really know that it is you even before you start writing."']), ([u'Court Declines to Suspend U.S. Net Neutrality Rules'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  New U.S. Internet traffic regulations, known as ', u" rules, will go into effect on Friday after a federal appeals court rejected the telecommunications industry's request to partly suspend their implementation while they are being litigated.", u'The ruling on Thursday marked an early win for the Federal Communications Commission, whose assertion of a broader enforcement authority over Internet service providers is being challenged in court by AT&T Inc and cable and wireless industry groups.', u'In a short statement, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit declined to suspend the regulations and said that "petitioners have not satisfied the stringent requirements," which included proving irreparable harm from the rules\' implementation.', u"The court's decision, which also put the lawsuit on an expedited schedule, is the first step in the legal fight over the rules and does not indicate how the court may ultimately rule on the merits of the industry's challenge.", u'FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler praised the ruling as a victory for consumers and innovators, adding: "Starting Friday, there will be a referee on the field to keep the Internet fast, fair and open."', u'The new rules ban Internet providers from blocking and slowing down access to websites and applications or striking deals with content companies for priority delivery of traffic. The FCC will also be able to address complaints about potential "unreasonable interference" with consumers\' access to the Web.', u'Telecom companies say they do not object to specific net neutrality rules like no-blocking or no-throttling. They are fighting the legal path the FCC chose to set the new regulations after the previous version was struck down in court last year.', u'AT&T and industry groups\' lawsuit objects to the reclassification of broadband Internet as a more heavily regulated telecommunications service, and the new broad "unreasonable interference" general conduct standard.', u'"The FCC and Congress have long agreed that this critical service, which is fundamental to consumers\' daily lives, should be lightly regulated to continue the enormous investment and innovation that has enabled the Internet-related economy to thrive," said USTelecom President and Chief Executive Walter McCormick Jr.', u'AT&T referred Reuters to USTelecom and CTIA-The Wireless Association for comment.', u'"The case is just beginning and the stakes are high," said CTIA President and CEO Meredith Attwell Baker.', u'The case is U.S. Telecom Association, et al v. FCC, et al, U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, No. 15-1063.']), ([u'Judge Casts Doubt on Twitter Lawsuit Over Surveillance'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Twitter Inc's lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Justice over surveillance may not need to proceed following the recent passage of the USA Freedom Act, a U.S. judge said in an order on Thursday.", u"U.S. District Judge Yvonne Gonzalez Rogers in Oakland, California is hearing Twitter's lawsuit seeking permission to publicly disclose more information about requests from U.S. authorities for information about its users.", u'Gonzalez Rogers asked both sides for more arguments about whether the case should proceed.', u'Representatives for Twitter and the U.S. Department of Justice could not immediately be reached for comment.', u"Twitter sued DOJ last year, intensifying its battle with federal agencies as the Internet industry's self-described champion of free speech sought the right to reveal the extent of U.S. government surveillance.", u'In the lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for Northern California, Twitter said the DOJ would not even allow the company to state that it has not received any national security requests for user information.', u"The messaging service said such restrictions violate the Constitution's First Amendment guarantee of free speech.", u"President Barack Obama signed the USA Freedom Act earlier this month, which reformed a government surveillance program that swept up millions of Americans' telephone records. In court filings, the Justice Department argued that it also enacts a new legal process to disclose information about surveillance requests.", u'Twitter disputed that the recent law should impact current proceedings in the case. However, the judge said it goes to the "heart" of Twitter\'s lawsuit.', u'"Indeed, the court is concerned that the new legislation', u'moots the claims for relief in Twitter\'s complaint," Gonzalez Rogers wrote on Thursday.', u'The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Twitter Inc. vs. Eric H. Holder, 14-4480.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'Kleiner Perkins Partner Murphy Leaves to Join Menlo Ventures'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner once viewed as a successor to firm leader John Doerr is leaving to join Menlo Ventures as a managing director.', u'Matt Murphy, who assumed notoriety earlier this year during the high-profile harassment and retaliation trial brought by former Kleiner partner Ellen Pao, will move next month to Menlo, both he and his new firm said. Menlo is known for investments including ride-on-demand service Uber, recently valued at $40 billion.', u'Murphy was not named in Pao\u2019s original lawsuit, but testified during the trial about her performance and his role in her dismissal from Kleiner. Pao came to symbolize the underrepresentation of women in technology, and her case sparked a broad discussion about sexism in Silicon Valley.', u'However, Murphy said that after 15 years at Kleiner, he was seeking a smaller firm rather than an exit from the firm associated with Pao\u2019s allegations of discrimination.', u'\u201cMy decision was before the trial,\u201d he said. \u201cThe trial didn\u2019t really have anything to do with it.\u201d', u'Menlo said it could use Murphy\u2019s expertise in enterprise and mobile, adding to a stable of venture capitalists, or VCs, racing to keep up in those quickly growing fields.', u"\u201cEvery VC you talk to these days would say they are capacity constrained,\u201d said Mark Siegel, a managing director at Menlo, describing Murphy as \u201cbull's-eye focused on our core areas.\u201d", u'Murphy\u2019s current investments include four \u201cunicorn\u201d start-ups, meaning privately held companies valued at $1 billion or more at their last funding round. They include software-management company AppDynamics, marketing-by-phone company InsideSales, music company Shazam and information-technolgy storage company SimpliVity.', u'He joins a firm that in April announced the closing of a $400 million fund, Menlo XII.', u'Kleiner slimmed down last year around the closing of its latest fund, the $450 million KPCB XVI. It also closed on a $750 digital growth fund, focusing on later-stage investments.', u'Several of its investors have left in recent years, including Aileen Lee, who founded Cowboy Ventures, and Max Motschwiller, who joined Meritech Capital.', u'Murphy had said earlier this year he planned to leave Kleiner.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'In With the Old: Apple Restores Former Bank for New Store'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  To create the newest Apple store to sell iPhones, smartwatches and other modern gadgetry, Apple took a look back at the 1920s.', u"The new store on New York's Upper East Side occupies part of a Beaux Arts building that originally housed the U.S. Mortgage & Trust bank. Apple sought to restore some of the building's old grandeur by reproducing the original chandeliers seen in old photographs, restoring marble floors and pilasters and turning a bank vault into a VIP showroom.", u"It's all part of Apple's effort to keep its stores distinct \u2014 not just from other retailers but from each other.", u'And as Apple looks to open new stores or renovate existing ones \u2014 including the iconic New York Fifth Avenue store, with its distinctive glass-cube entrance \u2014 the company will look for additional ways to do that.', u'"It\'s no different than every customer downloads different apps and customizes their phones differently," said Angela Ahrendts, the senior vice president who oversees the company\'s retail and online stores.', u"Many retailers keep their stores uniform so you can recognize them when visiting a new city or country. Even if you don't see its logo, you can often tell a McDonald's is a McDonald's from its distinctly sloped roof.", u"Apple has generic stores, too, such as ones in shopping malls. Many of Apple's larger stores in major cities make heavy use of glass, giving them a modern, open feel.", u"But Apple has its share of stores that try to blend into original, classical architecture, though most are in Europe, where such buildings are more prevalent. The store in New York's Grand Central train station sits at the top of a marble staircase. The one across the street from Paris's Opera House greets customers with mosaic floor tiles. The Brisbane, Australia, store is in a building that served as an Allied military headquarters during World War II.", u'Although designing stores individually costs more, there\'s payoff in "a level of excitement, engagement and interest from consumers," said Michael Stephenson, associate strategy director at Fitch, a branding and design consultancy. Apple isn\'t saying how much it\'s spending.', u"Stephenson said Apple is a pioneer in designing stores, but even chains such as McDonald's and Starbucks are rethinking how they make stores fit into their settings.", u"Apple's new Upper East Side store, which opens Saturday, has a marble entrance and no sign of anything Apple outside, save for a black flag with a white Apple logo hanging from the bank's original flag pole. While the store itself is small, tall ceilings and the usual open layout make it look spacious.", u'The teller windows might be gone, but Apple went into minute details to restore the building.', u'The entryway, stairs and other parts of the architecture are made of Botticino marble, the same Italian marble used at Grand Central and Penn Station in New York (and what was originally used in the bank). Six metal chandeliers \u2014 reproduced to match the originals from old photographs \u2014 grace the ceilings.', u'Downstairs, the heavily reinforced vault, complete with a massive steel door behind a set of steel bars, might remind visitors of an old gangster movie. This time, though, the door leads to a room for VIP customers, meetings and other purposes.', u"Upper East Side will be Apple's 266th store in the U.S. and seventh in New York City, a key market for Apple because it gets twice as much traffic as stores in other U.S. cities.", u'The neighborhood has a mix of boutiques, art galleries, museums and residential units. Some residents worry about long lines and traffic, particularly when Apple releases new products. A lawsuit filed in a New York state court last week warns of diminished property values and quality of life.', u'But Apple has cleared the necessary regulatory hurdles. The store is about half the size of most other Apple stores and is designed primarily for local residents and businesses needing a repair or training, Ahrendts said. Many people now buy products online anyway, she noted.', u'"The cube works brilliantly on Fifth Avenue and has been one of the most iconic sites," she said. "But that works there. That wouldn\'t work everywhere."', u"As Apple opens new stores, it will also renovate about 20 existing U.S. stores, including the ones on Fifth Avenue and San Francisco's Union Square. Ahrendts said 60 percent of the U.S. stores predate the iPhone and have outgrown their space. Many stores stated for renovations will also double in size, in some cases moving to a new location nearby. That gives Apple opportunities to rethink designs.", u'The Fifth Avenue store, which draws tourists from around the world, will temporarily move soon to another iconic space, the F.A.O. Schwarz toy store that Tom Hanks made famous in "Big."', u'___', u'AP writer Jake Pearson in New York contributed to this story. Anick Jesdanun reported from San Francisco.']), ([u'iPhone Maker Foxconn in Talks to Build First Apple Plant in India'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  Foxconn Technology is in talks to manufacture Apple's iPhone in India, government officials said, in a move that could lower prices in the world's No.3 smartphone market where the U.S. firm trails Samsung Electronics and local players.", u'India could help Foxconn mitigate accelerating wage inflation in China, where it makes the majority of iPhones, and base production sites closer to markets where its key clients want to grow.', u'Lower production costs could also help Foxconn keep hold of Apple orders amid intensifying competition with nimble manufacturing rivals such as Quanta Computer Inc.', u'"Foxconn is sending a delegation of their officers to scout for locations in a month\'s time," Subhash Desai, Industries Minister of India\'s western state Maharashtra, told Reuters.', u'Foxconn has said it is aiming to develop 10-12 facilities in India, including factories and data centers, by 2020, but had given no detail.', u"The Taiwan-based tech giant, the world's largest contract maker of electronic products, declined to comment on detailed plans on Thursday, citing commercial sensitivity.", u'Desai said Foxconn had yet to make any firm commitment, but he said the group was looking to manufacture iPhones, iPads and iPods, both for domestic as well as global sales.', u'Apple representatives in India did not respond to a request for comment on Thursday.', u"Apple's iPhone 6 with 16 GB sells for around 44,000 rupees ($687.82) in India, versus Samsung's Galaxy S6 with 32 GB which sells for around 40,000 rupees ($625.29).", u'It has 10 percent market share in India, trailing Samsung and local manufacturers such as Micromax, which dominate the market, according to Counterpoint Research Market Monitor.', u'MAKE IN INDIA', u'A return of Foxconn -- which was forced to shut up shop in India last year after client Nokia closed -- would be a major victory for India, which badly needs to turn its tech boom into a manufacturing and employment boost.', u'India, under Prime Minister Narendra Modi, has sought to reboot manufacturing, but the country is yet to rival China, particularly in technology where most factories will likely be assembly units to begin with.', u'But local businessmen are betting that as global companies invest in the country, suppliers will follow.', u"A lack of good infrastructure and suppliers are the biggest hurdles to making technology products in the country, forcing most of India's more than 100 different phone companies to get their products from the mature markets of China and Taiwan.", u'Apple is among the biggest clients for Foxconn -- the trade name for Hon Hai Precision Industry Co Ltd --  which also makes components for companies such as Xiaomi, Acer and Sony.', u'"The smartphone boom in India indicates the time is just right to focus on expansion plans and increasing volume in India to a comparable level with the China market in the next five years," said Sky Li, vice president of phone manufacturer OPPO.', u'India has the second-highest number of mobile phone  accounts behind China. According to networking solutions company Cisco Systems, there will be 650 million smartphones in the country by 2019. The number of tablets will rise 9 percent to 18.7 million by then.', u'($1 = 63.9700 Indian rupees)', u'(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in MUMBAI, J.R. Wu in TAIPEI; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques and Mark Potter)']), ([u'Swiss and Austrians Probe Possible Cyberattack on Iran Nuclear Talks'], [u"GENEVA/VIENNA \u2014  Swiss authorities have searched a house in Geneva and seized computer material in connection with a possible cyberattack on nuclear negotiations between Iran and major powers in the city, Switzerland's attorney-general said on Thursday.", u'Austria is also investigating the case, which came to light when Russian computer security company Kaspersky Lab said on Wednesday a computer virus was used to hack into locations including three luxury hotels that had hosted negotiations between Iran and six world powers.', u'"On 12 May, 2015, a house search took place in Geneva and IT hardware as well as software was seized. The aim of the aforementioned house search was to seize respective information as well as the malware," the Swiss attorney-general\'s office in Berne said.', u'"It was of particular interest to investigate whether the malware infected the respective IT systems."', u'Criminal proceedings have been opened against unknown persons "on suspicion of political espionage", it added in a statement, without elaborating. A spokesman declined to give any further information on the investigation.', u'In Vienna, an Interior Ministry spokesman said the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution and Counterterrorism was aware of the information about the suspected cyberattack and was reviewing it.', u'He declined to give more details about which locations were being scrutinized by the agency. The talks have been held in Vienna, Geneva, Lausanne, Montreux and Munich.', u'"You know that there are enemies of these talks and they will do whatever they can, so it\'s not a surprise to us," Reza Najafi, Iran\'s ambassador to the U.N. nuclear agency, told reporters in Vienna.', u'"We continue to take precautionary measures not to let any details of the discussion go to the public," he added on the sidelines of an International Atomic Energy Agency board meeting.', u'"I should say we have been successful in that regard ... Of course there are some cases, which are just incidents."', u"Israel, Iran's arch-enemy and a strong critic of the talks between Tehran, the United States, Russia, China, France, Britain and Germany, on Thursday dismissed as baseless reports that it may have had a connection to the computer virus.", u'Both Kaspersky and U.S. security company Symantec said the virus shared some programming with previously discovered espionage software called Duqu, which security experts believe to have been developed by Israelis.', u"Israel, widely believed to be the Middle East's only nuclear power, has denounced the negotiations with Iran, saying it doubts any agreement arising from the talks will sufficiently restrain the Islamic Republic's atomic program.", u'(Reporting by Stephanie Nebehay in Geneva and by Michael Shields and Shadia Nasralla in Vienna; Editing by Alison Williams)']), ([u'Oculus Debuts Consumer Version of VR Headset, Partners With Xbox'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Oculus, the virtual reality company owned by Facebook Inc, debuted the much anticipated consumer version of its headset on Thursday and announced a partnership with Microsoft Corp's Xbox One gaming console.", u'A prototype of the Oculus Rift has been available to developers since 2013, but Thursday marked the first time anyone had seen the consumer version, which will be available for pre-order later this year and will start shipping in early 2016.', u'Oculus Chief Executive Brendan Iribe said during the unveiling in San Francisco that the Rift will include a wireless Xbox controller and adapter. Consumers will also be able to directly stream Xbox One games into the Rift, such as the popular game Halo, a first-person shooter game.', u'Facebook Inc bought Oculus last year for $2 billion and its chief executive, Mark Zuckerberg, has said he views virtual reality as the next major computing platform.', u'Oculus Founder Palmer Luckey unexpectedly announced that the Rift will include wireless hand controllers that resemble bracelets to raucous applause.', u"The controllers will enable consumers to use their hands to interact with games, whether it's pulling a trigger on a virtual gun or using communicative gestures with other players.", u'"One of the first things people do is they reach out into this virtual world," Luckey said. "We wanted to create an input device that allows people to reach out."', u'At the start of the event, Iribe held the headset in one hand, pointing to its light weight and ability to adjust to any head size. The Rift will also fit over a pair of eyeglasses, he added, and includes adjustable headphones and lenses.', u'Iribe said the Rift is tightly integrated with Microsoft\'s Windows and hinted that "there is a lot more to come" with the computer company.', u'Several game developers showed demo videos of how their products will work in the Rift. Nate Mitchell, Oculus vice president of product, also announced "Oculus Home," a portal where games are bought and downloaded.', u'Iribe did not say how much the headset will cost. At a conference last month, he said he expects the Rift and the computer needed to run it will cost around $1,500.', u"Company executives said they plan to release more details about the Rift at next week's E3 video game conference in Los Angeles and at a developer conference in September.", u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'In With the Old: Apple Restores Former Bank for New Store'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  To create the newest Apple store to sell iPhones, smartwatches and other modern gadgetry, Apple took a look back at the 1920s.', u"The new store on New York's Upper East Side occupies part of a Beaux Arts building that originally housed the U.S. Mortgage & Trust bank. Apple sought to restore some of the building's old grandeur by reproducing the original chandeliers seen in old photographs, restoring marble floors and pilasters and turning a bank vault into a VIP showroom.", u"It's all part of Apple's effort to keep its stores distinct \u2014 not just from other retailers but from each other.", u'And as Apple looks to open new stores or renovate existing ones \u2014 including the iconic New York Fifth Avenue store, with its distinctive glass-cube entrance \u2014 the company will look for additional ways to do that.', u'"It\'s no different than every customer downloads different apps and customizes their phones differently," said Angela Ahrendts, the senior vice president who oversees the company\'s retail and online stores.', u"Many retailers keep their stores uniform so you can recognize them when visiting a new city or country. Even if you don't see its logo, you can often tell a McDonald's is a McDonald's from its distinctly sloped roof.", u"Apple has generic stores, too, such as ones in shopping malls. Many of Apple's larger stores in major cities make heavy use of glass, giving them a modern, open feel.", u"But Apple has its share of stores that try to blend into original, classical architecture, though most are in Europe, where such buildings are more prevalent. The store in New York's Grand Central train station sits at the top of a marble staircase. The one across the street from Paris's Opera House greets customers with mosaic floor tiles. The Brisbane, Australia, store is in a building that served as an Allied military headquarters during World War II.", u'Although designing stores individually costs more, there\'s payoff in "a level of excitement, engagement and interest from consumers," said Michael Stephenson, associate strategy director at Fitch, a branding and design consultancy. Apple isn\'t saying how much it\'s spending.', u"Stephenson said Apple is a pioneer in designing stores, but even chains such as McDonald's and Starbucks are rethinking how they make stores fit into their settings.", u"Apple's new Upper East Side store, which opens Saturday, has a marble entrance and no sign of anything Apple outside, save for a black flag with a white Apple logo hanging from the bank's original flag pole. While the store itself is small, tall ceilings and the usual open layout make it look spacious.", u'The teller windows might be gone, but Apple went into minute details to restore the building.', u'The entryway, stairs and other parts of the architecture are made of Botticino marble, the same Italian marble used at Grand Central and Penn Station in New York (and what was originally used in the bank). Six metal chandeliers \u2014 reproduced to match the originals from old photographs \u2014 grace the ceilings.', u'Downstairs, the heavily reinforced vault, complete with a massive steel door behind a set of steel bars, might remind visitors of an old gangster movie. This time, though, the door leads to a room for VIP customers, meetings and other purposes.', u"Upper East Side will be Apple's 266th store in the U.S. and seventh in New York City, a key market for Apple because it gets twice as much traffic as stores in other U.S. cities.", u'The neighborhood has a mix of boutiques, art galleries, museums and residential units. Some residents worry about long lines and traffic, particularly when Apple releases new products. A lawsuit filed in a New York state court last week warns of diminished property values and quality of life.', u'But Apple has cleared the necessary regulatory hurdles. The store is about half the size of most other Apple stores and is designed primarily for local residents and businesses needing a repair or training, Ahrendts said. Many people now buy products online anyway, she noted.', u'"The cube works brilliantly on Fifth Avenue and has been one of the most iconic sites," she said. "But that works there. That wouldn\'t work everywhere."', u"As Apple opens new stores, it will also renovate about 20 existing U.S. stores, including the ones on Fifth Avenue and San Francisco's Union Square. Ahrendts said 60 percent of the U.S. stores predate the iPhone and have outgrown their space. Many stores stated for renovations will also double in size, in some cases moving to a new location nearby. That gives Apple opportunities to rethink designs.", u'The Fifth Avenue store, which draws tourists from around the world, will temporarily move soon to another iconic space, the F.A.O. Schwarz toy store that Tom Hanks made famous in "Big."', u'___', u'AP writer Jake Pearson in New York contributed to this story. Anick Jesdanun reported from San Francisco.']), ([u'EBay and PayPal Revise Their User Agreements, and Hit a Nerve '], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  EBay wants to celebrate its forthcoming spinoff of PayPal by calling people up and trying to sell them something.', u'The auction site\u2019s updated user agreement says it may contact its 157 million buyers to \u201ccollect a debt\u201d or \u201cpoll your opinions through surveys or questionnaires\u201d or \u201ccontact you with offers and promotions.\u201d', u'In the agreement, scheduled to take effect Monday, ', u' it will call or text users \u201cat any telephone number that you have provided us\u201d or that \u201cwe have otherwise obtained.\u201d', u'PayPal, the online payments firm that ', u' will be spinning off in the third quarter, also has an ', u' that says exactly the same thing. PayPal has 165 million registered users. Its new agreement takes effect July 1.', u'Neither agreement is sitting well with New York law enforcement officials, which wrote the companies\u2019 general counsels this week that the new policy \u201craises issues\u201d under consumer protection laws.', u'Among the questions the letters asked the companies to answer: How can a customer consent to being robocalled on a telephone number if he or she did not provide the number in the first place? And just how can you opt out of this?', u'\u201cConsumer choice and privacy preferences are protected by state and federal laws \u2014 including laws that specifically aim to stop companies from using invasive robocalls to promote products to consumers who do not wish to receive them,\u201d Melissa Grace, spokeswoman for ', u', the New York attorney general, said in a statement. \u201cThe attorney general\u2019s office will seek to stop unlawful breaches of privacy and enforce the rules that protect consumers.\u201d', u'Spokeswomen for the companies issued statements saying they had received the letters of inquiry and looked forward to responding to them. PayPal added that it had clarified its policies last week in a blog post when reports about the new agreements first began to cause \u201csome confusion and concern.\u201d', u'\u201cWe value our relationship with you and have no intention of harassing you,\u201d Louise Pentland, PayPal\u2019s general counsel, ', u'. \u201cOur contacts with you are intended to benefit our relationship.\u201d', u'The post mentioned fraudulent activity as a reason PayPal might be calling. It did not explain the inclusion of sales offers or polling.', u'The letters, written by Kathleen McGee, chief of the attorney general\u2019s Internet Bureau, said the only way for users to opt out of the possibility of marketing calls or text messages was to stop using the auction site or payment processor entirely.', u'Ms. McGee wrote, \u201cit is unclear whether consumers really have a choice at all.\u201d', u'Under the PayPal agreement, if a customer calls the company, it can then harvest that number and use it for marketing. PayPal\u2019s old agreement was more restrained, merely noting the company \u201cwon\u2019t share your phone number with nonaffiliated third parties for their purposes.\u201d']), ([u'Sidewalk Labs, a Start-Up Created by Google, Has Bold Aims to Improve City Living'], [u'\u2019s ambitions and investments have increasingly broadened beyond its digital origins in Internet search and online advertising into the arena of physical objects: self-driving cars, Internet-connected eyeglasses, smart thermostats and a biotech venture to develop life-extending treatments.', u'Now Google is getting into the ultimate manifestation of the messy real world: cities.', u'The Silicon Valley giant is starting and funding an independent company dedicated to coming up with new technologies to improve urban life. The start-up, Sidewalk Labs, will be headed by Daniel L. Doctoroff, ', u' for economic development and ', u'. Mr. Doctoroff jointly conceived the idea for the company, which will be based in New York, with a team at Google, led by its chief executive, Larry Page.', u'The founders describe Sidewalk Labs as an \u201curban innovation company\u201d that will pursue technologies to cut pollution, curb energy use, streamline transportation and reduce the cost of city living. To achieve that goal, Mr. Doctoroff said Sidewalk Labs planned to build technology itself, buy it and invest in partnerships.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s going to evolve and we\u2019re just starting up,\u201d he said in an interview.', u'Neither Mr. Doctoroff nor Google would say how much Google intended to invest in Sidewalk Labs, but it could be sizable eventually. A model for Sidewalk Labs, they said, is Calico, a company backed by Google, established in 2013 and run by Arthur D. Levinson, a former Genentech chief executive. Last September, Calico and AbbVie, a pharmaceutical company, announced that they would build a research center in the San Francisco Bay Area for diseases that affect the elderly, like dementia, with an initial investment, split evenly, of $500 million.', u'In a post on Google Plus, the company\u2019s social network, ', u' Sidewalk Labs \u201ca relatively modest investment\u201d and one \u201cvery different from Google\u2019s core business.\u201d It is a business but a decidedly long-term bet, Mr. Page wrote, and he compared it with ', u' and ', u', the lab that incubated Google\u2019s autonomous vehicles.', u'Mr. Doctoroff said he had known Eric Schmidt, Google\u2019s executive chairman, for years, and only began meeting with Mr. Page in recent months. Over the last year, Adrian Aoun, an engineering manager, had been traveling, studying and scouting the opportunity in urban technology for Google, and also met with Mr. Doctoroff repeatedly. In his post, Mr. Page thanked Mr. Aoun for helping \u201cbring Dan on board.\u201d', u'Mr. Doctoroff brings an understanding of urban challenges to the venture, from his six years as deputy mayor, while Google brings money and technical expertise. Mr. Doctoroff left Bloomberg, a technology-driven information company, last year after the founder, Michael R. Bloomberg, ', u' of the enterprise.', u'The timing for Sidewalk Labs is right, Mr. Doctoroff said, because \u201cwe\u2019re on the verge of a historic moment for cities,\u201d when technologies are rapidly maturing to help address needs like the environment, health and affordable housing. The arsenal of fast-developing technologies, he said, includes sensors, smartphones, and the resulting explosion of digital data combined with clever software to help residents and municipal governments made better decisions.', u'The technology, he said, can open a door to \u201cextraordinary business opportunities and opportunities for improving quality of life.\u201d', u'Major technology companies, like IBM and Cisco, already have large businesses that apply information technology to improving the efficiency of cities. IBM has used its researchers and technical prowess in projects like traffic management in Stockholm and microlevel weather forecasting to predict the location of life-threatening mudslides in Rio de Janeiro.', u'Sidewalk Labs, Mr. Doctoroff said, planned to work in \u201cthe huge space between civic hackers and traditional big technology companies.\u201d', u'While big technology companies take a \u201ctop-down approach and seek to embed themselves in a city\u2019s infrastructure,\u201d he said Sidewalk Labs would instead seek to develop \u201ctechnology platforms that people can plug into\u201d for things like managing energy use or altering commuting habits. He pointed to New York\u2019s bike-sharing program as an early example of a technology-assisted innovation in transportation.', u'There is already an emerging academic focus on applying modern digital technology to cities\u2019 physical systems. Leading examples include New York University\u2019s Center for the Urban Science and Progress, and the University of Chicago\u2019s Urban Center for Computation and Data.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s great to see an ambitious private sector initiative like this recognize that cities are important,\u201d said Steven E. Koonin, director of the N.Y.U. urban science center. \u201cAnd there are technology opportunities, but they are complicated.\u201d', u'Personally, Mr. Doctoroff said, the new venture promised to tap the experience of his entire career. \u201cI do think this job is a convergence of my skills at a time of historic convergence for cities,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Video Feature: Frame Shops for Phone Photos'], [u'Smartphones have turned us all into photographers. Now with the help of some apps, we can also be photo artists, framing our snaps and making collages.', u'A horde of such photo-enhancing apps have sprung up in the age of Instagram and Snapchat, which use images as a primary mode of communication. But many of these apps are poorly designed because the entire category is not particularly high tech.', u'One exception is ', u', which is carefully designed and easy to use. It offers a large variety of prearranged photo frames for a single image, with shapes and cutouts, or space for eight or more photos. Tapping on one frame puts the app into editor mode.', u'With a few taps, you can drop a new photograph or one from your phone\u2019s archive into the frame. There are options to adjust the photos, by dragging or zooming to get just the right part of the image in place in the frame, and you can add special effects, including sepia or black and white tones.', u'The app lets you adjust the frame, changing the thickness of margins around an image and even the roundness of the corners. If you\u2019re feeling more creative, you can make the backdrop to your photo a different color, pattern or \u2014 amusingly \u2014 another photo. Text labels can go on top, in a variety of styles, and there\u2019s an option to add stickers like hearts, flowers, speech bubbles and more.', u'When you\u2019re done, a few taps save the image or share it on Instagram, Twitter and Facebook. The core app is free on ', u' and ', u', but the full array of effects is $6.', u'For a simpler photo frame app, check out ', u' by ActiveDevelopment. It does a few things well, with almost no frills or distractions: It can add a customizable frame around your photos, or let you squeeze a group of photos into one framed image as a collage. You can also embed videos, to take advantage of video features on social media like Instagram.', u'PicFrame uses a system of gestures for adjusting and editing your photos. It also lets you add text labels, colored frame backgrounds and so on, but it one does not offer hundreds of frame options. It is $1 on ', u' and ', u'An alternative is ', u', which is free on ', u' and ', u' and may be my favorite in this category. Photo Grid, which has some of the professional feel of PicFrame and some of the visual flair of Moldiv, offers more than 300 frame layouts. The photo editing system also includes options like blurring and retouching, as well as the usual filters.', u'Photo Grid has an array of frames, stickers and text labels and its interface makes it easy to edit and arrange photos in a frame or collage. It also has a feature that turns photos into a video slide show, with background music, text and stickers. A \u201cposter\u201d section lets you apply frames and text that make your photos look like a poster.', u', another popular photo-framing app, has a \u201cmagic shake\u201d option: If you shake your phone, the app will randomly select some frame settings for your image. The results can be surprisingly good.', u'One caution: The app, which is free on ', u' and offers a wide range of frames and style adjustments, puts a watermark on your images. To get access to all special effects, you have to buy in-app packs that can cost up to $5.', u'Lastly, for over-the-top photo framing app, test out ', u', which is $2 on ', u' and $1 on ', u'. If you\u2019ve ever wanted a photo of yourself against a backdrop painting of frolicking penguins in a rainbow-covered ocean, or a portrait that fades out at the edges into crystalline snowflakes, this is the app for you.', u', a popular messaging app, has a new offshoot called Popcorn Buzz that offers something different and potentially rather strange. Buzz is a phone call-like social app that lets you speak to a group of people at once. It\u2019s free on ', u', works over your data connection and lets you call up to 200 people simultaneously.']), ([u'Reddit Banishes 5 Groups From Site Over Harassment '], [u'A month after announcing new guidelines against harassment, Reddit, the social networking and news site, said on Wednesday that it had removed five groups. Only one of the five communities had over 5,000 subscribers, Reddit said. It ridiculed overweight people. The site did not disclose the names of the other banned groups. Users said the names of those groups included slurs related to race, gender and sexual orientation. Known for freewheeling discussions, Reddit said last month that it was unhappy with harassment on its site and that survey data showed its users were also upset. It said users could report abusive messages and posts by email.']), ([u'New York AG Questions eBay, PayPal on Revised User Agreements'], [u'(Reuters) - New York law enforcement officials have written to eBay Inc and PayPal Inc this week, saying the companies\' revised user policies "raise issues" under consumer protection laws.', u'The updated user agreements would allow the e-commerce company and the payments division it is spinning off to contact users by phone for offers and promotions, to collect a debt or to poll their opinions through surveys and questionnaires.', u"Ebay's updated user agreement is scheduled to take effect on Monday and PayPal's will become effective on July 1.", u'"Consumer choice and privacy preferences are protected by state and federal laws \u2014 including laws that specifically aim to stop companies from using invasive robocalls to promote products to consumers who do not wish to receive them," Melissa Grace, a spokeswoman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said.', u"The letters, written by Kathleen McGee, chief of the attorney general's Internet Bureau, said the only way for users to opt out of the possibility of marketing calls or text messages was to stop using the auction site or payment processor entirely.", u'A representative of PayPal told Reuters the company had received the letter of inquiry and would respond to it, adding that PayPal customers\xa0could choose not to receive autodialed or prerecorded message calls.', u'EBay did not immediately respond to requests for comments outside regular U.S. business hours.', u'(Reporting by Mansi Goenka in Bengaluru; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u'Speakers That Make You the Life of the Pool Party'], [u'APPLE\u2019S original iPod redefined how we carry and listen to our music. But its utility really took off with the introduction of amplified speaker devices that turned an iPod into a portable stereo.', u'To get the iPod and speaker pairing to work required physically placing the music device into the amplifier\u2019s cradle. But Bluetooth wireless technology has extended speakers to all sorts of outdoor spots \u2014 even the pool.', u'Using the same system that connects smartphones to cars, Bluetooth enables smartphones and tablets to stream music to a compatible speaker that is up to 33 feet away.', u'Today, a wide range of Bluetooth-capable speakers are designed for the outdoors. Hoping to appeal to pool loungers as well as snowboarders and parasailors, manufacturers have come up with rugged models that can withstand being dropped, as well as others that are water-resistant, waterproof and dustproof.', u'Because they use Bluetooth, many of the models double as telephone speakerphones. Just as in a car, when a call comes in, the audio will shut off and the phone\u2019s ring and call will play through the speaker.', u'To determine if a particular speaker is waterproof, you don\u2019t have to rely on a manufacturer\u2019s claims. There are actually dust- and water-resistance standards, using what is called IP, or ', u'. Look for the IP codes on the product\u2019s box.', u'The first digit refers to dust resistance, and the second to water resistance; the higher the numbers, the better. For example, if a speaker is rated at IP67, the unit is dustproof and can be submerged in up to one meter (39 inches) of water. A rating of IP66 would mean that the speaker is dustproof and can survive being sprayed with powerful jets of water. The lesser resistance rating of five indicates that water sprayed from a quarter-inch nozzle will have no deleterious effect.', u'Speakers also vary in useful battery time. Many models allow music to be streamed by connecting a device to the speaker with a cable. And generally, the bigger the unit, the richer the sound.', u'Of all the small models tested, this attractively designed, seven-inch long, rubber-encased unit produced the richest sound. You can plop the $150 speaker in the pool and experience the added benefit of watching water pop out of the floating speaker in sync with the bass \u2014 like a miniature version of the fountains at the Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas.', u'The speaker comes with a carrying bag and charges with a standard USB port. The battery is rated at seven hours of life. Voice confirmation lets you know when the unit is turned on or off. Phone mode allows you to answer an incoming call by pressing the Bluetooth button on the unit.', u'This diminutive black speaker \u2014 about 4 inches long by 2 inches high \u2014 resembles a small hand grenade. Its size leaves the quality of the sound less than optimum, although the volume can be pumped up to an adequate level.', u'The lightweight Shoqbox ($50) also doubles as a cellphone remote speaker. With an IP water rating of six, it can withstand splashes, but should not be submerged, although it can float in the pool.', u'This rugged speaker, which costs $150 and looks like a tank tread, will be right at home with your camouflage gear. The Life Jacket pumps out an impressive amount of sound, but the sharpness doesn\u2019t reach that of Monster\u2019s BackFloat.', u'With an IP67 rating, the Life Jacket is dustproof and submersible. Voice prompts let you know when the unit is on and off while phone numbers from incoming calls are read aloud. Pressing the volume button turns the unit into a speakerphone.', u'The Life Jacket comes with a mount enabling it to be attached to a surfboard, kayak or bike. While the Life Jacket may be safe when you are out in the ocean, you will still need to find a way to protect your smartphone or tablet from the elements.', u'The Big Daddy of outdoor speakers, the Big Blue Party sits vertically and is 16 inches tall. Designed to be placed at the center of the action, the unit contains four full-range speakers, plus a subwoofer. With the speakers placed in every direction, the Big Blue directs sound in every direction. The speaker has an IP water rating of 5, withstanding a spray from a quarter-inch nozzle. Weighing in at 12 pounds, the unit would likely sink quickly if dropped in the water.', u'It costs $200 and is available only at Brookstone stores.', u'With its size and combined 72 watts of power, this modern take on a boombox projects sharp, wide-frequency, thumping sound across a large area. The downside is that all that power means that the rechargeable battery lasts just four and a half hours.', u'Unlike some other models, the Big Blue does not act as a cellphone speaker. While an incoming call silences the speaker, you will need to use your phone to answer the call. Once you are finished talking, the speaker reactivates.', u'Positioning itself as one of the world\u2019s smallest Bluetooth speakers, the $48 cylindrical Mogics is just 1.6 inches high and 1.45 inches in diameter. The moderate three watts of power allows the unit to play via its rechargeable battery for four to six hours.', u'The Mogics also distinguishes itself with its one-button operation. Depending on how long the button is held down, it will power the unit, change to the next song, answer a phone call or pause.', u'The speaker is magnetic, allowing it to be attached to a metal mast, for example. Rated at IP56, the Mogics comes with a disc that allows it to float on top of the water. In addition, the manufacturer says it can withstand water up to two meters in depth for five minutes without damage.']), ([u'Japan Messaging App Line Launches Music Streaming Business'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Messaging app operator Line Corp launched its music streaming service in Japan on Thursday, getting a head start in the virtually untapped business for mobile music subscriptions in the world's second-biggest music market.", u"Line's move marks the most ambitious attempt yet to reverse the declining market for digital music in Japan, where compact discs still account for more than 80 percent of total music sales. Hobbled by rights issues, foreign companies have yet to break into Japan's music streaming business.", u"Available for Android and iPhone users, the service, called Line Music, will offer unlimited access to a library of more than 1.5 million songs initially for a monthly fee of 1,000 yen ($8.13), or 20 hours of access for half that. Line, Japan's largest social network with 58 million registered domestic users, said in a statement it would offer the service for free for the first two months.", u"Line Music is jointly held by Avex Digital, Sony Music Entertainment and Line Corp, which itself is owned by South Korea's Naver Corp. Universal Music Group is also scheduled to take a stake in Line Music.", u'Line said it plans to expand its library, featuring domestic and overseas artists such as Taylor Swift and Sam Smith, to more than 5 million songs by the end of this year, and over 30 million next year.', u'The global market for streaming music has grown in recent years, offering record companies a much-needed boost amid a steady slump in digital downloads. Apple Inc this week unveiled the $9.99-a-month Apple Music service, aiming to muscle into an industry led by Spotify, Pandora and others.', u'Despite its size, the Japanese music industry saw revenues of just 5 million yen ($40,660) from subscription-based mobile music streaming in 2014, according to the Recording Industry of Japan. Overall sales of digital music in Japan fell for the fifth straight year, to about $350 million, against a peak of $1 billion in 2009.', u'($1 = 122.9600 yen)', u'(Editing by Chang-Ran Kim and Stephen Coates)']), ([u'What Apple\u2019s Tim Cook Overlooked in His Defense of Privacy'], [u', ', u'\u2019s chief executive, ', u' last week that raised some eyebrows in the technology industry.', u'\u201cI\u2019m speaking to you from Silicon Valley, where some of the most prominent and successful companies have built their businesses by lulling their customers into complacency about their personal information,\u201d said Mr. Cook, who was being honored by the Electronic Privacy Information Center, a privacy watchdog group.', u'His blistering defense of privacy, which he and other ', u' executives repeated at the company\u2019s ', u' this week, was notable. It isn\u2019t every day that you hear a tech executive admit there is an opaque trade-off at the heart of his industry. We users give digital giants access to our most private information, and they shower us with technology we can\u2019t do without. It is an arrangement baked into every decision made in every boardroom in Silicon Valley, and it is a bargain that ', u'. Now, finally, here was the leader of the world\u2019s most powerful company asking whether that deal is worth the trouble.', u'But while Mr. Cook raised awareness for digital privacy, his speech glossed over two main issues. For one, he neglected to mention that Apple also collects a great deal of data about how we use technology. While it has more protections for that data than many rivals, the company ', u' that it does use private data in many ways, including to build and market its own products, and to build its own advertising network. Apple\u2019s most profitable devices sit at the center of a tech ecosystem teeming with businesses that collect our data \u2014 and if those social networks, search engines and other free apps didn\u2019t exist, Apple\u2019s products would be far less useful.', u'Mr. Cook also failed to fairly explore the substantial benefits that free, ad-supported services have brought to consumers worldwide. Many hundreds of millions of people now have access to more information and communication technologies because of such services.', u'An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment.', u'The fact that Apple goes out of its way to include free services like Google search in its iPhones and iPads suggests that it agrees with the rest of the tech industry \u2014 and many users \u2014 that ad-supported services can, on balance, be good for the world. The question to ask is not whether we should ever use those free services, but rather whether, when we do use them, we are given enough information and disclosure to be able to make those decisions rationally.', u'\u201cThere are timeless principles around fair dealings with consumers,\u201d said Nuala O\u2019Connor, the president and chief executive of the Center for Democracy and Technology, a tech-focused think tank. \u201cAnd the first and main thing is, does the customer know what\u2019s happening to them?\u201d She argued that if companies were transparent and honest about how they use people\u2019s data, customers could freely weigh the benefits and costs of online services.', u'In his speech to EPIC, Mr. Cook offered a much starker, and less practical, view of privacy. \u201cWe don\u2019t want your data,\u201d he said. \u201cWe don\u2019t think you should ever have to trade it for a service that you think is free but actually comes at a very high cost.\u201d', u'That bold pronouncement got me wondering whether Mr. Cook uses a different ', u' from every ', u' that Apple has ever sold me. On my iPhone, Google is right there in the search bar, by default. Microsoft\u2019s Bing is built into Siri, and Facebook and Twitter beckon me from the sharing menu.', u'If Apple really didn\u2019t think that its customers should trade their data for free services, you\u2019d guess that it would build its own ad-free web search engine for its devices. But Apple does not do so. Instead, it sells off the search bar to ad-supported search companies. Analysts at Goldman Sachs ', u' that Apple\u2019s current deal with Google is worth billions; at least indirectly, then, Apple benefits financially from Google\u2019s ad-gotten gains.', u'And that\u2019s not all. When I go to Apple\u2019s App Store, I\u2019m presented with a bevy of free apps that are supported either in whole or in part by ads. This vibrant marketplace works in Apple\u2019s favor \u2014 the more free apps there are, the more useful the iPhone becomes. That dynamic explains why, in 2010, Apple created iAd, its own advertising network meant to foster the ad-supported app marketplace. IAd lets marketers target users of Apple\u2019s devices based on their purchases from the iTunes store, purchases that Apple of course tracks by default. (You can use an ad-supported search engine like Google to find instructions for ', u'.)', u'There\u2019s nothing terribly wrong with any of this. Yes, there are downsides to the ad-supported tech industry, and, yes, privacy advocates and tech insiders like Mr. Cook should continue to push the entire industry to more stringently protect our data. But it would be insane to argue that we haven\u2019t seen benefits in return for this data. Anyone who uses devices like the ones Apple makes can see that ad-driven businesses like Google, Facebook and Twitter have improved people\u2019s lives in major ways.', u'Among other things, ad-supported services give us instant access to more information than was ever stored in the entirety of the world\u2019s libraries just a few decades ago. They also create systems that allow for instant communication and organization between more than a billion people. They ', u' to provide life-changing miniature computers, also known as phones, to people in developing nations for about $50 each. They\u2019ve given us artificial-intelligence supercomputers that can instantly translate languages or recognize speech. And, indirectly, they\u2019re creating upcoming wonders like self-driving cars and balloons that wire up the globe in Internet access.', u'Mr. Cook ', u' that \u201cwhen an online service is free, you\u2019re not the customer; you\u2019re the product.\u201d That view is simplistic because it overlooks the economic logic of these services, especially the idea that many of them would never work without a business model like advertising. Services like social networks and search engines get substantially better as more people use them \u2014 which means that the more they cost to users, the worse they are. They work best when they\u2019re free, and the best way to make them free is to pay for them with another business that depends on scale \u2014 and advertising is among the best such businesses.', u'Mr. Cook is right to promote Apple\u2019s privacy policies. Apple places more restrictions on the use of data than other tech companies. This has been especially true recently after Apple moved to ', u' after an embarrassing hacking last fall in which ', u'.', u'Apple\u2019s newer privacy and security initiatives \u2014 including its decision to ', u' in a way that makes it ', u' \u2014 are laudable. At its developer conference this week, executives made the case that they could create services based on data about how you use your phone without sending that data into the cloud for analysis. This, they argued, was far safer than Google\u2019s practice of combining all your activities into a single dossier housed online that could be used to create more services but also to help advertisers.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not saying Apple is perfect, but I think on privacy Apple does compare favorably with Google,\u201d said Marc Rotenberg, the executive director of EPIC, the group that honored Mr. Cook. Mr. Rotenberg pointed to a number of areas in which ad-supported Internet companies have played loose with users\u2019 privacy; Google, Facebook, Snapchat and Myspace have ', u' with the Federal Trade Commission after misbehaving with data.', u'But it is also worth noting that Google and Facebook do not actually sell people\u2019s data to advertisers, as Mr. Cook suggested they did in his EPIC speech. (As with Apple\u2019s ad system, they allow marketers to target you based on your profile.) In many areas of security and transparency, Google has been ahead of Apple. For instance, Google offered two-factor authentication of cloud-bound data before Apple did.', u'Apple\u2019s business model also comes at a cost. Services that are sold as part of its hardware are usually hampered by lock-in and limits of reach. IMessage and FaceTime promise end-to-end encryption, which will prevent anyone from ever snooping on your conversations. But iMessage and FaceTime work only with other Apple devices because Apple has little business interest in building encrypted chat for people who can\u2019t afford iPhones.', u'So what to do if your friends can\u2019t afford privacy? You\u2019re not out of luck. Apple has made it easy for you. If you\u2019re O.K. taking the risk, download an ad-supported messaging app from the iPhone\u2019s App Store.']), ([u"Tim Cook Received Complaints on Apple's Bag Check Policy"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  At least two Apple Inc retail store workers complained directly to Chief Executive Tim Cook that the company's policy of checking retail employees' bags as a security precaution was embarrassing and demeaning, according to a court filing made public on Wednesday.", u'The employee complaints, which a judge ordered unsealed, are part of a 2013 lawsuit alleging Apple should compensate employees for the time it takes to conduct the searches. One worker, whose name was blacked out of the court filing, told Cook in a 2012 message that Apple managers "are required to treat \'valued\' employees as criminals."', u'Cook forwarded it to top retail and human resources executives with the query: "Is this true?"', u'The court filing does not include what responses Cook received. An Apple representative could not immediately be reached for comment.', u'In the lawsuit, plaintiffs Amanda Friekin and Dean Pelle alleged that "screenings" or bag searches, designed to discourage theft, are conducted every time sales reps leave the store, including for meal breaks. The lawsuit, filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, seeks class action status. Lawsuits from within Apple\'s ranks are rare.', u'A U.S. Supreme Court ruling last December, in a case involving an Amazon.com Inc warehouse contractor, handed a victory to employers, ruling that companies do not have to pay employees for the time they spend undergoing security checks at the end of their shifts. The Supreme Court found that because the screening process is not a "principal activity" of the workers\' jobs under a federal labor law it is not subject to compensation.', u'In the 2012 email to Cook, with a subject line "Fearless Feedback from Apple Retail Specialist," the employee said Apple\'s policy implies the company does not trust its workers.', u'"These procedures are often performed in front of gawking customers," the employee wrote, adding that workers deserve to be treated with the same respect that Apple shows customers.', u'Another email, sent by a retail worker in Beijing to Cook and other managers in 2013, said Apple treats its employees "as animals" and thieves. It also said an emergency exit in the store is blocked by Apple products.', u"Cook's response to that email is not displayed in the court filing, though other Apple executives did discuss the bag search policy.", u'"If it is simply a deterrent there has to be a more intelligent and respectful way to approach," wrote Denise Young Smith, Apple\'s vice president of human resources.', u'A hearing in the lawsuit is scheduled for July 2.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u'Shop Locally, Download Globally'], [u' Amazon, ', u', Barnes & Noble and Google seem to be the big mainstream sources for e-books now, but are there any independent bookstores online, with files that work on smartphones and tablets?', u' While you can find independent authors selling their works on sites like ', u', most locally owned or regional booksellers do not have their own online catalog of commercial e-books to buy and download. Sites like ', u' and ', u' sell e-books, though, and some independent brick-and-mortar booksellers have partnerships with the bigger e-bookstores.', u'For example, Kobo, which sells its own ', u' of e-readers, has deals with a large number of independent bookstores around the country. When you buy a Kobo Reader from that physical store and create an online Kobo account there, that bookstore will get a share of money from each e-book you buy online from the ', u'.', u'If you already have a smartphone or tablet and do not want an e-reader Kobo has its own stand-alone app for its online bookstore, which has millions of titles. The app works on major ', u' and ', u' platforms. When you create your user account on Kobo\u2019s website, you can ', u' to support it.', u'Kobo\u2019s site lists ', u', and you can also check the website of your preferred shop to see if the owners are working with Kobo. ', u' in the District of Columbia, ', u' in Massachusetts, ', u' in California, ', u' in Oregon and the ', u' in New York are among the dozens of independent booksellers in the program; some stores sell Kobo e-books directly on their sites.', u'Amazon has a similar deal for independent shops that agree to sell its hardware. The ', u' program gives retailers discounts on Kindle devices and 10 percent of sales from e-books purchased on those Kindles. Check with your preferred store and ask if it is part of Amazon Source.', u' Are computers and tablets affected by humidity, and if so, how humid does it have to be to cause problems?', u' Excessive heat and humidity can affect a computer or tablet, causing erratic performance, shortened battery life and a buildup of condensation inside the device \u2014 especially when it is moved between temperature extremes. Air-conditioning, fans, desiccants or a dehumidifier in the room can help keep heat and humidity under control.', u'Your computer manufacturer should have environmental guidelines for its products listed online or in the manual. Apple, for instance, ', u' that its laptops should be operated in locations that are 50 degrees to 95 degrees Fahrenheit (or 10 degrees to 35 degrees Celsius) and with a relative humidity up to 90 percent (noncondensing).', u' Quick tricks make learning a new device easier, and Apple now includes an official Tips app as part of its ', u' software for ', u', ', u' and the ', u'. You can even set up an alert for when Apple adds a new tip \u2014 open the Settings icon, go to Notifications, select Tips and choose the type of Notification you want. (The ', u' on Apple\u2019s website.)', u' has a similar app for devices running its ', u' system. The company\u2019s ', u' can be downloaded free from the ', u'. It also has a ', u'.', u'Companies selling Android-based phones often have their own suggestions for using the software, like ', u'. For those with ', u' and ', u' (as well as the ', u' \u201cGoogle Play edition\u201d handsets) running Android 5.0 and later, Google has its own free ', u' app for tips and troubleshooting advice.']), ([u'Microsoft Picks Unusual Place to Make Its Giant Surface Hub: The U.S.'], [u'REDMOND, Wash. \u2014  There is nothing ordinary about Surface Hub, a gargantuan touch-screen computer that ', u' is about to start selling to companies as a high-tech replacement for conference room whiteboards.', u'The largest Surface Hub, measuring 84 inches diagonally, looks like an iPad that has gone through a growth spurt. The 4K resolution of the screen produces dazzling images. At $20,000 apiece, a price ', u' plans to announce on Wednesday, it should.', u'Just as unusual is where Microsoft is building the Surface Hub: ', u' about 200 miles south of the company\u2019s headquarters in Redmond, Wash. That puts the Surface Hub in a rare category, since most of Microsoft\u2019s better-known devices, like the Xbox game console, are made overseas.', u'In recent years, there has been a surge of optimism about the prospect of high-tech manufacturing jobs returning to the United States after some headline-grabbing moves, like Apple\u2019s decision to build its ', u' starting in 2013. But they remain outliers in an industry that has outsourced to Asia the making of everything from game consoles to smartphones.', u'The Surface Hub, though, is an illustration of an exotic tech product that its makers believe can be manufactured cost-effectively in the United States. The product is so unusual \u2014 representing one of the largest touch screens of its kind \u2014 that Microsoft could not find existing assembly lines in Asia to build it on, the company said.', u'At 220 pounds, the largest Surface Hub is expensive to ship long distances. And its already hefty price means any additional labor costs associated with making it in the United States will be harder for customers to detect.', u'\u201cIt makes a lot of sense to manufacture in the U.S.,\u201d said Steve Hix, an entrepreneur who founded several Portland-area tech companies, including one that had a manufacturing facility in Wilsonville. \u201cThe key issue is quality.\u201d', u'Jobs in the manufacturing sector are a shadow of what they once were, despite improvements in employment over the last few years. In the computer and electronic products sector, employment is down 41 percent from 15 years ago, to just over one million jobs, according to estimates by the Bureau of Labor Statistics.', u'The creation of high-tech assembly lines in the United States over the last few years stirred up hopes of a broader resurgence. Apple said it had invested more than $100 million to bring the manufacturing and assembly of the ', u'\u2014 a fairly high-end computer \u2014 to Austin, Tex. Lenovo, the Chinese technology company, makes Think-brand computers in Whitsett, N.C., at a plant that employs about 100 people in manufacturing.', u'But there have also been setbacks. Not long after Motorola Mobility started building a smartphone called the Moto X at a Texas factory with Flextronics, a contract manufacturer, disappointing sales drove it to close the plant. (Motorola was owned by Google at the time and is now owned by Lenovo.)', u'Hal Sirkin, a senior partner at the Boston Consulting Group, said some \u201creshoring\u201d of jobs from overseas was taking place. \u201cIt\u2019s good for marketing,\u201d he said, \u201cbut we don\u2019t see in the tech space yet a wholesale movement of companies back to the U.S.\u201d', u'In an interview last week at Microsoft, Mike Angiulo, a corporate vice president, demonstrated what ', u' could do, flanked by an 84-inch model on one wall and a 55-inch model (price: $7,000) on another.', u'People in a meeting can scribble on the screen with a stylus and pan around an image using their hands. Everything on the screen, along with video images of meeting participants, can be shared over the Internet with people in other locations.', u'A company making a new piece of hardware often piggybacks on the supply chain that has emerged for other products, taking advantage of the economies of scale that have already been achieved for screens, microprocessors and other components. Mr. Angiulo said no such option existed for the Surface Hub\u2019s giant screen.', u'\u201cWe are the scale,\u201d he said.', u'One reason Microsoft\u2019s factory is in Wilsonville, a city of about 21,000 about 20 minutes south of Portland, is that the Surface Hub originated at a start-up called Perceptive Pixel, which ', u'. The start-up had an assembly plant in Wilsonville for its giant touch-screen device, which then sold for about $80,000 and was used by broadcasters like CNN to display election results and other data.', u'Microsoft said the factory, covering about four acres with 18 docking bays for delivery trucks, now has a combined engineering and manufacturing staff of a couple of hundred people, about seven times that of the original Perceptive Pixel team. Although many components in the product will come from overseas, the Surface Hub will be stamped with the phrase \u201cManufactured in Portland, OR, USA.\u201d', u'Mr. Angiulo would not rule out eventually making the product in other locations, though he said Microsoft would first \u201chave to launch this product and get it right.\u201d', u'Kristin Retherford, the economic development manager for Wilsonville, said Microsoft had taken over one of the largest empty buildings in the city, where vacancy rates in the industrial neighborhood soared after the recession of 2008. She said the jobs in Microsoft\u2019s plant were higher-paying than in other similar businesses in the area.', u'The Microsoft factory, along with increases in Wilsonville\u2019s population, has lifted demand for other services. Brewpubs and other restaurants are opening in the city.', u'\u201cIt had a very significant impact,\u201d Ms. Retherford said.', u'Oregon has a long history of tech manufacturing. The state\u2019s largest private employer is Intel, the chip manufacturer, which has about 18,600 workers there. Bill Calder, a spokesman for Intel, estimates that several thousand of those employees are directly involved in manufacturing in the state, which is home to a new $6 billion, 2.2-million-square-foot chip-making facility.', u'While Oregon suffered big high-tech job losses from 2000 to 2003, employment in the state\u2019s high-tech manufacturing sector has been stable in recent years. \u201cA lot of that has to do with the anchoring impact of Intel,\u201d said Josh Lehner, an economist with the State of Oregon.', u'The Surface Hub is also benefiting from the manufacturing expertise of the alumni of Oregon\u2019s once-vibrant display industry. Mr. Hix said his company InFocus once made projectors at a factory in Wilsonville.', u'When he ran InFocus from the late 1980s to 1994, Mr. Hix said he resisted sending the manufacturing to Asia because he believed the quality of products would suffer. He watched with dismay as InFocus and other local tech companies later moved their production overseas. \u201cIt\u2019s disappointing to me,\u201d he said.', u'Mr. Hix had a downbeat assessment for what would happen to the manufacturing of the Surface Hub if the product took off and the production process was refined. \u201cOnce they get all the problems out of it, it will go offshore,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Beyond Games, Oculus Virtual Reality Headset Finds Medical Uses'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  To help treat soldiers with post-traumatic stress disorder, Jennifer Patterson turned to a gadget typically associated with video games: the virtual reality headset from Oculus, a company Facebook Inc bought for $2 billion last year.', u'Patterson, an engineering student at the University of Pittsburgh, studied a software used on the prototype of the head-mounted display that creates virtual settings, such as a Middle Eastern-themed city or desert road, that soldiers would otherwise avoid, as a way to help them recover from their PTSD.', u'She hopes doctors and therapists around the country will better understand how the technology can be helpful to their own patients.', u'Patterson is one of a handful of researchers who have used the display for experimental treatments and studies that range from treating glaucoma patients to easing pain in burn victims.', u'While there are no estimates of the potential size of the market for virtual reality applications in the health care field, analysts say that success in this area would likely spur even broader adoption in a range of industries, such as education, fashion, media and telecommunications.', u"The potential size of those markets is quite large, possibly surpassing $5 billion over the next three years, according to some estimates, especially as the gadget's uses extend far beyond gaming.", u'Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg has said he views virtual reality as the next major computing platform, and he is working hard to ensure that it is. While Oculus headsets will not be available to consumers until 2016, the company has made prototypes of the system available to developers since 2013, with the expectation that an array of applications will be available to those buying headsets after the formal launch.', u'The company plans to hold a news event Thursday in San Francisco but has not specified what it will announce. It declined to comment for this story.', u'Virtual reality is not new to medicine or therapy, but its affordability is. Doctors and researchers often shell out $30,000 to more than $300,000 for medical headsets and simulators while the Oculus is available to developers for $350 to $400.', u'The more expensive medical virtual reality sets will still be needed for certain studies, doctors and researchers said, because of their accuracy in detecting sensitive movements and because patients with severe facial burns cannot use a head-mounted Oculus device.', u'But they still expect the Oculus Rift and other cheaper virtual reality headsets to quickly replace the expensive ones.', u'"As more and more companies get involved in this, we will keep seeing inexpensive and very accurate systems," said Felipe Medeiros, a professor at the University of California San Diego who used the Oculus device to evaluate patients with glaucoma, a disease of the eye\'s optic nerve.', u'FLOOD VIRTUAL MARKET', u'Other companies, including Sony Corp, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Microsoft Corp, Google Inc and HTC Corp have either already released virtual reality headsets or plan to do so in the next year.', u'Oculus, however, has already distributed more than 100,000 units of its developer version. This is more than has been available in the history of virtual reality, giving it early brand recognition among medical researchers, analysts said.', u'"Oculus has basically jumped out in front," said Hunter Hoffman, a virtual reality researcher at the University of Washington Seattle who used the Oculus Rift to ease severe pain in an 11-year-old burn victim.', u"Some headsets, such as Sony's Morpheus, are built exclusively for video games. Oculus, however, allows researchers and developers to create their own software, whether for specialized applications like health care or for video games.", u"In Medeiros's study, for example, he evaluated patients with glaucoma. He created a simulated environment that made patients feel as though they were moving through a tunnel and then studied their bodies' responses.", u'That helped researchers predict the likelihood of a fall for glaucoma patients, allowing doctors to teach them how to avoid it.', u"Medeiros and other researchers said future studies will compare the inexpensive headsets against one another. But because of Oculus's early availability, it has already become the most popular headset.", u'"Oculus has done a great job of keeping themselves front and center and making themselves the product that everyone has to be compared against," said Brian Blau, Gartner research director.', u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'Uber Loses Bid for Arbitration in U.S. Driver Lawsuit'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Uber lost a bid to force arbitration in a lawsuit brought by its drivers, as a U.S. judge ruled the smartphone-based taxi  service\'s 2013 and 2014 employment contracts dealing with arbitration from were "unconscionable, and therefore unenforceable."', u'The ruling, from U.S. District Judge Edward Chen in San Francisco on Tuesday, allows the lawsuits over driver background checks to continue in federal court. Arbitration is generally viewed as a more friendly forum for corporate defendants.', u"The decision is the latest in a host of legal and regulatory challenges facing Uber. Earlier this year, the same judge rejected Uber's bid to deem its drivers independent contractors, which would have prohibited them from recovering a range of expenses. Chen said a jury would decide that question.", u'In a statement on Wednesday, Uber said it disagreed with the arbitration ruling and plans to appeal.', u'Plaintiff Ronald Gillette sued Uber late last year after he was told something surfaced in his consumer background report, and he was terminated. The lawsuit is a proposed class action alleging violations of fair credit reporting laws, among other claims.', u'In the ruling this week, Chen said drivers\' right to opt out of arbitration was "illusory" because the language was buried on the second-to-last page of the 2013 agreement.', u'Andrew Lee, an attorney for Gillette, said they are pleased and look forward to litigating the merits of the case. The ruling could make it possible for more drivers to join other class actions currently pending against Uber, Lee said.', u'The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Ronald Gillette et al. vs. Uber Technologies et al., 14-5241.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by David Gregorio and Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'Exclusive: Digital Realty Seeking to Acquire Telx'], [u'(Reuters) - Digital Realty Trust Inc is working on a bid to acquire private equity-owned data center peer Telx Group Inc for more than $2 billion, in a deal that would diversify its business, according to people familiar with the matter.', u"Digital Realty's move is the latest sign of consolidation in the data center sector, as U.S. businesses' burgeoning demand for data and video is fueling a revival in fiber optic services and data storage.", u'Digital Realty, a San Francisco-based real estate investment trust that rents out space that companies use for data centers, is one of several U.S. and international bidders for Telx, the people said this week. The auction for Telx, which is owned by ABRY Partners LLC and Berkshire Partners LLC, is at its early stages, the people added.', u'The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential. Telx, Digital Realty and Berkshire Partners declined to comment, while ABRY Partners did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u'Privately-held data center companies have been selling to larger publicly traded rivals in recent months, with Digital Realty rival QTS Realty Trust Inc buying Carpathia Hosting, fiber network company Zayo Group Holdings Inc buying Latisys and CyrusOne purchasing Cervalis.', u'The sale of Telx, however, would be the largest deal in the sector since Equinix said last month it would buy British peer TelecityGroup for 2.35 billion pounds ($3.6 billion).', u"Digital Realty's primary business is wholesale colocation, where customers rent physical space from the company to run their own data centers.", u'Retail colocation, where customers lease cabinets, racks and cages from the data center operator, has become a growing business for Digital Realty, and buying Telx would help expand that business.', u'Reuters first reported April 28 that Telx was exploring a sale.', u'When asked on May 5 by an equities analyst about whether Telx would be a good fit for the company, Digital Realty\'s Chief Investment Officer Scott Peterson said May 5 that "it\'s reasonable to assume that there\'s some compelling strategic rationale around that." He did not comment on whether his company would bid for Telx.', u'Based in New York, Telx owns 20 data centers, including three major ones in New York City. Its customers range from small businesses that only need half of a cabinet in data centers to global companies requiring a full-floor lease.', u'(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Mike Stone in New York; Additional reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'U.S. Senators Say OPM Data Breach Appears State-Sponsored'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Members of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that a massive theft of data last week from U.S. government computers appears to have been state-sponsored, although they stopped short of pointing the finger at China.', u'The breach of Office of Personnel Management (OPM) computers was disclosed on Thursday by the Obama administration, which said records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees may have been compromised.', u'Asked by reporters on a conference call if the cyber attack appeared to be state-sponsored, rather than a criminal event, Senator Angus King said, "It appears to be so, but I\'m qualifying that because I don\'t have the data at this time."', u'King, a Maine independent who caucuses with Senate Democrats, said, "I\'m going to let the administration be the people that give you the confirmation on that." He added that the intelligence panel had a classified briefing on the OPM hack on Tuesday.', u'Democratic Senator Mark Warner, also a committee member, said he would "concur with" King.', u'Accusations by U.S. government sources of a Chinese role in the cyber attack, including possible state sponsorship, could further strain ties between Washington and Beijing. Tensions are already heightened over Chinese assertiveness in pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea.', u"King and Warner held the call to push lawmakers to grant OPM's request for $32 million in additional funds, much of it for information technology upgrades.", u'"We need to very much strengthen our cybersecurity protections," Warner said. "This is an attack on America."', u"The senators spoke as Democrats and Republicans argued over how to deal with mandatory spending limits as they formulate this year's spending and tax legislation.", u'Republicans want to use special war funding to exempt the Department of Defense from many of the mandatory "sequestration" budget caps. Democrats argue that cybersecurity and other programs should also be spared.', u"King and Warner said they disagreed with a decision by the Senate's Republican leaders to include a cybersecurity bill already passed by the House as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act, a defense policy bill that Obama has threatened to veto.", u'"The bill ought to come up on its own and attaching it to the defense authorization is a mistake," King said.', u'Corporations have been clamoring for Congress to address cybersecurity after high-profile attacks on companies, as well as attacks on government systems.', u'(Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'Dozens Arrested in European Cyber Crime Sweep: Europol'], [u'AMSTERDAM \u2014  Police have arrested 49 suspected members of a cyber crime syndicate in Spain, Poland and Italy who are suspected of stealing million of euros from European bank accounts, Europol said on Wednesday.', u'Police raided 58 locations as part of the investigation into online "phishing" scams used to transfer money from bank accounts across Europe, the Hague-based European police agency said in a statement.', u'Officials in Belgium and the United Kingdom assisted the investigation and operation, which was conducted on Tuesday.', u'"The parallel investigations revealed international fraud totaling 6 million euro accumulated within a very short time," the statement said.', u'The suspects, mainly from Nigeria and Cameroon, transferred the illicit profits outside of the European Union through a sophisticated network of money laundering transactions.', u'(Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; Editing by Tom Heneghan)']), ([u'Box Raises Forecast as More Customers Sign Up for Cloud Storage'], [u'(Reuters) - Cloud storage provider Box Inc raised its full-year forecast as more customers subscribed to its content-sharing platform.', u'Shares of the company, whose customers include AstraZeneca Plc, General Electric Co and Chevron Corp, rose about 8.7 percent in extended trading on Wednesday.', u'"Box expects to be cashflow breakeven by the end of next fiscal year, and in terms of profitability, that would come thereafter" Chief Executive Aaron Levie told Reuters without giving a specific timeline.', u'Box had earlier said it does not expect to be profitable for the foreseeable future due to continuing investments in scaling business.', u'Box, which won customers like Deloitte and Touche LLP, Hewlett-Packard Co and Halliburton Co in the first quarter, said it closed five deals that were greater than $500,000 compared to just two deals a year ago.', u'Box added more than 2,000 customers in the first quarter, taking its total number of customers above 47,000.', u'The company said it surpassed 37 million registered users, compared with 34 million at the end of the fourth quarter.', u'The number of paying users grew 70 percent from a year earlier, and now accounts for more than 10 percent of total users, the company said.', u'Box raised its full-year forecast to $286 million-$290 million from $281 million-$285 million earlier.', u'The online file-sharing and personal cloud content management service for businesses leverages a "freemium" business model, providing up to 10 GB of free storage for personal accounts and charging for additional space.', u'In April, Box launched its premium security service, which lets businesses control their encryption keys, the encoding tools used to keep data safe.', u"The company's main competitors include privately held Dropbox, Microsoft Corp's OneDrive, Citrix Systems Inc's ShareFile and Google Inc's Drive.", u'Box, which reported its second-ever quarterly results as a public company, forecast current-quarter revenue of $69 million to $70 million, above the average analyst estimate of $66.98 million.', u"The company's net loss attributable to shareholders widened to $47.3 million, or 40 cents per share, in the first quarter ended April 30, from $38.6 million, or $2.81 per share, a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, the company reported a loss of 28 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of a loss of 31 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Revenue rose 44.8 percent to $65.6 million, beating the average estimate of $63.7 million.', u"Box's shares closed at $17.79 on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday.", u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings, Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Apple Drives Vehicles to Collect Data to Improve Maps'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it was driving vehicles around the world to collect data that will be used to improve Apple Maps.', u'The company has given driving locations on its website for June 15-30 which include Ireland, England and several cites in the United States. (', u')', u'Apple said it would blur faces and license plates on collected images prior to publication to protect privacy.', u"The camera-equipped vehicles deployed by Apple will give its Maps app functions similar to Google Inc's Street View.", u'Street View, launched in 2007, gives users a panoramic imagery of public roads. The service automatically detects and blurs identifiable faces and vehicle number plates.', u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Proxy Adviser ISS Recommends Investors Vote Against Sharp, Sony CEOs at AGMs'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Proxy investment adviser ISS advised shareholder to vote against reelecting the heads of Japanese electronics firms Sharp Corp and Sony Corp, both mid-restructuring, saying they are falling short of ISS return-on-equity (ROE) benchmarks.', u"In a report issued on Wednesday, ISS recommended a vote against Sharp's CEO Kozo Takahashi and Chairman Shigeaki Mizushima at the loss-making firm's annual shareholder meeting on June 23. ISS said the pair were responsible for Sharp's ROE being below a five-year average of 5 percent, a condition for the proxy adviser's support.", u"Sony also falls short of that target, and ISS advised against reappointing CEO Kazuo Hirai at the firm's annual investor meeting, also on June 23. The ISS recommendation comes despite a nascent recovery at Sony after years of losses that has seen its shares surge in the past year.", u"Despite its opposition to Sharp's top leadership, ISS recommended investors back a $1.9 billion bank-led bailout announced by the firm last month. The bailout will be Sharp's second major rescue in three years, after falling deep into the red as its smartphone display business was battered by competition from Asian rivals.", u'As part of the deal, Sharp is proposing placements of preferred shares and a capital reduction. ISS said it recommended voting for the measures, saying they were necessary "to keep Sharp\'s operations afloat".', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Review: The Best New Features Coming From Apple, Google'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  New features promised for smartphones, tablets and watches could improve how we interact with technology. Although it's too soon to tell how well these will work in practice, here's a look at what I'm looking forward to most this fall.", u'___', u'MULTITASKING ON IPADS', u"I like to do other things, such as checking email or Facebook, when I'm watching video. Laptops let me do this. With iPads, video stops as soon as I open another app. I need to pick up a second device to multitask.", u"With the upcoming iOS 9 update, you can slide a window from the right of an iPad to launch a second app, such as a map when you're doing email. Best of all, you can have video running in a small window in the foreground while you do other things with an app that takes up the rest of the screen. You can even move the video off screen and still listen to its audio while you work.", u"Samsung has tried this with some Android phones and tablets, with mixed success. Video sometimes stops anyway when you try to run it on the side, as apps weren't designed with this in mind. With Apple, it will be a core feature.", u'___', u'BETTER MAPS', u"Apple Maps has improved a lot for driving and walking directions since it ousted Google Maps in 2012 as the default service on iPhones. Transit directions are coming with iOS 9, though only in select cities at first. In the U.S., that will be Baltimore, Chicago, New York, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay Area and Washington. It's not everywhere, but it's a good start.", u"On Android, Google Maps will get offline navigation, matching what Windows phones offer with Here Maps. You'll get turn-by-turn directions and details on local businesses even when cellular service is sketchy or nonexistent. You'll have to download a specific region of the map ahead of time, and it's not yet clear how easy or how wide of a region that will be. Google says the feature will come to Google Maps on iPhones soon after the Android release.", u'___', u'SMARTER VOICE ASSISTANTS', u"Siri on Apple devices and Google Now on Android devices are supposed to get smarter by doing more based on context. Calling on Google's assistant while listening to a song might give you information on the artist. Doing so while reading an email on movie plans might get you reviews and trailers. Siri, meanwhile, should know whether you're going on a run or getting in a car. You might automatically get music on a run, but an audiobook in your car.", u"Siri also promises to anticipate your needs. If you have a meeting coming up, she'll remind you to leave, factoring in current traffic. Google Now has been doing that for years, with mixed results. I get reminders to leave for the airport followed by directions back home, for instance. I look forward to seeing how well Siri and Google Now perform with the upcoming smarts.", u'___', u'ANDROID APP CONTROLS', u"Android users will get more control over what permissions they give apps. Currently, you're shown a long list of permissions when installing new apps, such as letting the app access your location or the phone's microphone. You have to accept all of them or forgo the app.", u"With the upcoming M version of Android, you give permission as apps need it. That's how it works on iPhones. So if an app needs access to your camera, you decide then whether to grant permission. If you decline, you can still use the app's other features.", u'___', u'APPLE WATCH UPDATES', u"On Apple Watch, apps from outside parties have essentially been extensions of phone apps. All the computing is done on the phone, with bits of information transferred to the watch's screen wirelessly.", u'That will change with the upcoming watchOS 2 system. For the first time, third-party apps will be able to directly interact with sensors and controls on the watch, something Apple apps can already do. That makes it possible for outside parties to write games, fitness and other apps that work without the phone.', u"Apple Watch will also be able to play video for the first time \u2014 if you don't mind the small screen.", u'___', u'WINDOWS PHONES', u"Phones running Microsoft's system have a lot of innovations, including direct links from the home screen to specific tasks within apps. Windows phones suffer from a lack of apps, though. New tools will make it easier for app developers to convert their existing iOS and Android apps to the upcoming Windows 10. Windows phones could become a viable alternative \u2014 if developers see a reason to bother."]), ([u'AMS Shares Slide After Report Firm Lost Apple Contract'], [u'ZURICH \u2014  Shares in AMS AG sank on Wednesday following a report in Swiss newspaper Finanz und Wirtschaft that the Swiss-listed sensor manufacturer had lost a key contract with Apple.', u'The stock fell as much as 27 percent before paring losses to trade 23.3 percent lower at 43 Swiss francs by 0430 ET.', u'"AMS would appear to have lost the contract for the next generation of Apple products," Finanz und Wirtschaft reported, citing sources close to the company.', u'Representatives for AMS were not immediately available for comment.', u'AMS makes components that boost Near Field Communication in Apple devices including the iPhone -- technology used for services such as contactless payments.', u'UBS analysts said the loss of the contract "is clearly a risk for the business,", estimating it would contribute around 8 percent of group sales in 2015.', u'"We are afraid the market is likely to hammer AMS shares, shooting first and asking questions later. Confidence in AMS will be substantially eroded," said analysts at Kepler Cheuvreux, which downgraded its rating on the stock to "hold" from "buy".', u'(Reporting by Katharina Bart, Rupert Pretterklieber, Paul Arnold and Robert-Jan Bartunek; Editing by Keith Weir)']), ([u'Spotify Raises $115 Million From TeliaSonera\xa0in Share Sale'], [u"STOCKHOLM \u2014  Swedish telecom operator TeliaSonera is buying into music streamer Spotify for a slice of the fast growth and rapid innovation typical of online companies, investing as competition heats up in Spotify's industry.", u'TeliaSonera said on Wednesday it would pay $115 million\xa0for a batch of newly issued shares, valuing Spotify at $8.2 billion, as it expands its partnership with the Stockholm-based business that provides free on-demand music or an advertisement-free service for paying customers.', u"The deal for a 1.4 percent stake in Spotify comes just two days after Apple, the world's most valuable company, launched a music streaming service at a price similar to Spotify's, muscling into a market already teeming with competition.", u"The Wall Street Journal reported TeliaSonera's investment was part of a larger round of funding by unlisted Spotify which had closed on Tuesday, raising a total of $526 million. There was no immediate comment from Spotify.", u"Apart from purely financial considerations, TeliaSonera Chief Executive Johan Dennelind said his company could learn from one of the world's most innovative companies.", u'Dennelind said the investment was part of a strategy to solve what he called "the industry puzzle", seeking new ways to grow in the face of stalling growth for telecom operators in their core business.', u'Like many European rivals, the Swedish telecom incumbent has had a hard time increasing revenue in its home market in the face of fierce competition.', u'"We want to master the internet logic as well as we have mastered the telecom logic," Dennelind said, pointing to faster growth in online services than in traditional telecoms.', u'"We haven\'t been quick enough in the past. And this is a way for us to take part in a company that has it as its DNA: innovation, speed, ideas, launches and global competition."', u'GROWING INDUSTRY', u'He declined to say if Telia might boost its stake in future or give details on what new services the companies would work on together. In a statement, Telia said it would cooperate in areas such as media distribution, customer insights, data analytics and advertising.', u'Dennelind said Telia could decide to take further steps with companies operating in what he called the border area between the telecom, media and Internet industries.', u"Spotify also competes with Pandora Media Inc and rapper Jay Z's newly launched streaming service Tidal.", u"Spotify's blog said on Wednesday the company had reached more than 20 million subscribers and over 75 million active users, roughly doubling those numbers compared to a year ago.", u'It said Spotify had paid more than $300 million in royalties in the first quarter this year, taking the total to more than $3 billion.', u'Spotify, which last year boosted revenue by 45 percent to 1.08 billion euros ($1.2 billion) and made a 165-million-euro operating loss, recently announced that it would soon provide video content from musicians, news organizations and TV networks.', u'Spotify does not disclose details about its ownership but co-founders Daniel Ek and Martin Lorentzon have sold stakes in the business and no longer own a majority.', u'(Additional reporting by Helena Soderpalm; Editing by David Holmes and Keith Weir)']), ([u'Apple Music and Labels Investigated in 2 States'], [u'While ', u' was preparing a splashy introduction for a new service that would stream music over the Internet for a fee, the attorneys general of New York and Connecticut were quietly investigating the Silicon Valley giant\u2019s negotiations with music companies in search of potential antitrust violations.', u'The attorneys general wanted to know whether ', u' pressured the music labels \u2014 or whether the labels conspired with Apple and one another \u2014 to withdraw support for popular \u201cfreemium\u201d services offered by companies like Spotify in favor of Apple\u2019s paid music subscriptions.', u'A freemium service typically starts free and is supported financially by advertising. Companies with freemium business models hope a free service is compelling enough to persuade consumers to pay for a more sophisticated offering \u2014 one typically free of ads.', u'Universal Music Group on Tuesday confirmed it was cooperating with the industrywide investigation, a continuing effort led by the attorney general of New York, ', u', and the attorney general of Connecticut, George Jepsen.', u'The first written response to the antitrust inquiry came from Universal Music Group a day earlier when the company\u2019s legal firm, Hunton & Williams, sent a letter to the attorneys general. The letter said Universal Music Group had no agreements with Apple or music entities like Sony Music Entertainment and Warner Music Group that would impede the availability of free or ad-supported services.', u'The music company added that it \u201cshares the attorneys general\u2019s commitment to a robust and competitive market for music streaming services in the mutual best interest of consumers, artists, services and content companies alike \u2014 and we have a long track record to that effect.\u201d', u'A spokesman for Mr. Schneiderman said the attorney general was looking into Apple\u2019s negotiations with music labels to preserve the benefits consumers have enjoyed from these new streaming services.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s important to ensure that the market continues to develop free from collusion and other anticompetitive practices,\u201d said the spokesman, Matt Mittenthal.', u'Mr. Jepsen, the attorney general of Connecticut, said in a statement that his office was satisfied with Universal\u2019s response, before adding, \u201cWe will continue to monitor that market to ensure that consumers and competition are protected.\u201d', u'The European Commission is also looking into Apple\u2019s negotiations with the music labels.', u'Apple declined to comment. This is the second time both Mr. Schneiderman and Mr. Jepsen have pursued Apple on antitrust grounds.', u'In 2013, a federal judge said Apple violated antitrust law by ', u' to raise e-book prices above Amazon\u2019s standard $9.99 pricing for digital books, after the publishers settled.', u'The attorneys general, who were both involved in the e-books price-fixing investigation, appear to be pre-emptively looking into the terms of Apple\u2019s new music service for any signs of industry collusion before ', u' is available to consumers at the end of this month.', u'Unlike Spotify and other streaming music services, Apple does not offer a free version of Apple Music. But the company offers a three-month free trial period and says it will let artists and record companies make various kinds of content, including songs and videos, available for free on Connect, a promotional section of its service.', u'The so-called freemium model used by services like Spotify has been at issue over the last year.', u'Last fall, the singer Taylor Swift removed her music from Spotify in a dispute over its free version, In recent months top executives at the major record labels have been sharply critical of free services, arguing that they do not generate enough money and they give consumers no incentive to pay for music.', u'Yet Spotify, which started in 2008, has been by far the fastest-growing subscription music service, with 60 million users, 15 million of whom pay. Last year, the company had $1.3 billion in revenue, and 91 percent of that money came from subscriptions. However, Spotify, which is privately held, also ', u' of $197 million.', u'But some artists and executives at independent labels have defended the freemium model.', u'Last month, Stephen Cooper, the chief executive of the Warner Music Group, the smallest of the three majors, ', u' that \u201cbefore people conclude that freemium should be burnt at the stake, we should think very carefully about the consequences.\u201d']), ([u"China's Big Biotech Bet Starting to Pay Off"], [u'SHANGHAI/LONDON \u2014  Years of pouring money into its laboratories, wooing scientists home from overseas and urging researchers to publish and patent is starting to give China a competitive edge in biotechnology, a strategic field it sees as ripe for "indigenous innovation."', u'The vast resources China can throw at research and development - overall funding more than quadrupled to $191 billion in 2005-13 and the Thousand Talents Program has repatriated scientists - allow China to jump quickly on promising new technologies, often first developed elsewhere.', u'These efforts were illustrated vividly in April - not without controversy - when scientists at Sun Yat-sen University in Guangzhou published results of a ground-breaking experiment to alter the DNA of human embryos using new CRISPR-Cas9 gene editing technology.', u'CRISPR, which allows scientists to edit virtually any gene they target, is akin to a biological word-processing program that finds and replaces genetic defects.', u'The Guangzhou team is not alone. Data compiled by Thomson Innovation, a Thomson Reuters unit, shows China is a growing force in gene editing, with a burgeoning patent portfolio.', u'More than 50 Chinese institutions are patenting in the field, led by the Chinese Academy of Sciences, universities, the Anhui Academy of Agricultural Sciences and Beijing Jifulin Biotech. Nearly a fifth of the 518 families of gene editing patents analyzed since 2004 were associated with Chinese entities.', u'For top-tier institutions, "the level of available resources is incredible in terms of the freedom, the flexibility that gives key leading Chinese scientists to move very, very fast on a given research track if a new opportunity arises," said James Wilsdon, professor of science and democracy at the University of Sussex.', u'PUSHING BOUNDARIES', u'China has also invested in gene sequencing.', u"Shenzhen-based BGI, formerly the Beijing Genomics Institute, for example, claims to be the world's largest genomics organization, though the original gene sequencing technology was developed in the United States and Britain.", u'China was also first to approve a gene therapy to treat head and neck cancer in 2003, though it remains controversial abroad, and Chinese scientists have pushed the boundaries in animal research.', u'A team from Northwest A&F University and the National Beef Cattle Improvement Centre reported last month that they had developed genetically modified cows rich in the beneficial Omega-3 fatty acids more usually found in fish. Also, Chinese researchers last year engineered the first monkeys with targeted mutations using the CRISPR gene editing system.', u'"The Chinese could, over time, play a very significant role in this game as they have a very entrepreneurial attitude - much more so than in parts of Europe," said Rodger Novak, CEO of CRISPR Therapeutics, a private Swiss-American biotech business.', u'EASE OF USE', u'One of the attractions of CRISPR, which has the potential to eliminate certain diseases but also create designer babies, is its ease of use.', u'"CRISPR technology is very simple. That\'s the beauty of it. It has taken off rapidly in the academic environment because it works, it\'s reliable, it\'s cheap and you don\'t need a lot of knowledge to make use of it," said Novak.', u'The technique has taken biology by storm, igniting a fierce patent battle. Some in the field believe CRISPR could prove as revolutionary, and as profitable, as recombinant DNA technology, which was developed in the 1970s and 80s, and launched the biotechnology industry.', u'But CRISPR has also been controversial.', u'The paper by the Chinese team, led by Huang Junjiu, provoked an outcry from some U.S. and European scientists because it was the first to use human embryos.', u'Professor Wilsdon said there is "a tendency to consider China at times like a Wild East frontier" where ethical concerns are given less weight, but he noted "there are intense debates within the Chinese system about bioethics."', u"Robin Lovell-Badge, Head of Developmental Genetics at Britain's National Institute for Medical Research, does not believe the Chinese have a permanent edge in gene editing.", u'"It\'s been so obvious that these techniques will be used in human embryos at some point. I don\'t think there\'s any intellectual advantage. They\'ve just done it first, and not very well," he said.', u'Guoji Guo, a beneficiary of the returnee scheme and a professor at Zhejiang University using CRISPR on ', u", said Huang's work was significant, but still relied on a tool developed in the United States.", u'"We want findings that can change the world," Guo said.', u'(Additional reporting by Shanghai newsroom and Kate Kelland in LONDON; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Cyber Attack on German Parliament Still Active, Could Cost Millions: Media'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  A cyber attack on the German Bundestag lower house of parliament reported last month is still stealing data and could force officials to spend millions of euros replacing the entire computer system, German media reported on Wednesday.', u'The online edition of news magazine Der Spiegel also quoted what it said were experts from an internal investigation saying there were indications that a Russian intelligence agency had staged the attack.', u'A spokesperson for the Bundestag could not be reached for comment and there was no immediate response from Moscow. Parliamentary and security sources in Berlin told Reuters that the reports were "plausible".', u'Replacing more than 20,000 new computers could cost several million euros and take months, the daily Sueddeutsche Zeitung and German television network ARD reported.', u'The media reports said that the hackers were still receiving data from the Bundestag computers.', u'"The trojans are still active," the Spiegel online edition quoted a parliamentary source as saying, referring to "trojan" attacks where users are tricked into installing software that can steal data from their computers.', u'A parliamentary spokeswoman announced in May that unknown hackers had tried to get into the data network.', u"In January, German government websites, including Chancellor Angela Merkel's page, were hacked in an attack claimed by a group demanding Berlin end support for the Ukrainian government, shortly before their leaders were to meet.", u'(Reporting by Thorsten Severin and Michael Nienaber; Editing by Andrew Heavens)']), ([u'U.S. Air Force to Use New Lockheed Spacecraft for Next Satellites'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Air Force said on Tuesday it will use Lockheed Martin Corp's updated A2100 spacecraft for the fifth and sixth U.S. missile early warning satellites, with no additional cost to its 2014 bulk purchase contract with Lockheed.", u'The Air Force said by swapping out the spacecraft for the next two Space Based Infrared System satellites, it will be easier to implement new capabilities, including sensors that would allow troops to see dimmer targets more quickly.', u'The move followed a proposal made by Lockheed last December aimed at lowering costs by increasing commonality with other space systems, making the spacecraft more resilient, and reducing the number of obsolescent parts.', u"In a statement, the Air Force's Space and Missile Systems Center said the change also offered the potential for major cost savings on future satellite purchases, and would make it easier to modernize on-board sensors in the future.", u'Mike Guetlein, who heads the Air Force\'s Remote Sensing System Directorate, said it restructured its contract to "appropriately share cost risk" with the company, and rebalance the incentives between cost, schedule and system performance.', u"Mark Valerio, who oversees Lockheed's military space business, told Reuters the switch would allow Lockheed to cut the cost of the seven and eighth SBIRS satellites by 20 to 30 percent, if the Air Force decided to proceed with those orders.", u'Air Force officials have said they expect to finish a review of alternatives for the next missile warning satellites this summer, which would pave the way for a decision about potential follow-on contracts for a seventh and eighth SBIRS satellite.', u'Lockheed began work on the modernized A2100 satellite "bus" in late 2011, partly due to the high rate of obsolescent parts on the earlier SBIRS vehicle. Valerio said the obsolescence rate was now below 5 percent from around 15 percent in 2011.', u'Switching to the new spacecraft will result in some higher integration costs initially, but should lower costs in coming years as the company benefits from larger economic order quantities and a streamlined manufacturing process, he said.', u'Lockheed said it would also save money and time by moving the final assembly and testing of SBIRS satellites from Sunnyvale, Calif., to Denver, where the company assembles the GPS III satellites. Other work will continue at the site.', u'Lockheed used its own funds to enhance the power, propulsion and electronics of the A2100 spacecraft, while adopting advanced manufacturing techniques to cut costs and production time.', u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe, Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Merkel Urges Germans to Put Aside Fear of Big Data'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Germans need to overcome their traditional fear of the large-scale collection of personal data by companies and instead embrace its opportunities or risk being marginalized in the global economy, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday.', u'In a marked shift in tone by Germany, one of the most vocal critics of the practices of U.S. web giants such as Google, Merkel urged the so-called Mittelstand of family-owned companies in particular not to be left behind.', u'"As anything but a digital native, rather in the best case a beginner digital migrant, I know what it means to have to adapt to this new world at an advanced stage of life," Merkel, 60, told a conference of business leaders in Berlin.', u"Mittelstand companies, the backbone of Germany's economy, are often run by older family members whose offspring do not want to follow in their footsteps.", u'"Whoever sees data as a threat, whoever thinks about every piece of data in terms of what bad can be done with it, will not be able to take advantage of the opportunity of digitization," Merkel told an audience that included Google\'s Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt.', u'Merkel stressed she was not only referring to the increasing web-connectedness of traditional industry, dubbed "Industrie 4.0" in Germany, but the gathering of individual data to create personalized products that is so controversial in Germany.', u'Many German citizens hold visceral fears about the risks of exposing data to governments or corporations, with memories still fresh of mass data collection and spying by the East German state security service, the Stasi.', u'Yet industry leaders ranging from banks to car makers to publishers like Axel Springer, itself a major critic of Google, are beginning to analyze their customer data in earnest to spot trends and secure their future.', u'"Many jobs will disappear because they can be replaced by machines," said Merkel. "But I\'m convinced that many more jobs will be created through the value of data."', u'(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan)']), ([u'Tablet Maker Fuhu Launches New Content Subscription Service'], [u'(Reuters) - Fuhu Inc, creator of kid-friendly computer tablets, said it will launch a new tablet that includes content from Walt Disney Co, Dreamworks Animation SKG Inc, Discovery Communications Inc and others.', u'The tablet, called nabi Pass Tab, has a $9.99 monthly fee for a two-year subscription, while a one-year subscription costs $14.99 a month.', u'Subscribers can access content from National Geographic Kids and learning apps and games developed by Cupcake Digital, which features characters such as DreamWorks Animation\'s "Kung Fu Panda", Fuhu said in a statement on Tuesday.', u'The nabi Pass Tab also includes access to Wings Learning System, which has educational courses for children in areas such as math, reading and writing.', u'A subscription also includes the tablet, Fuhu said.', u'Nabi Pass Tab\xa0will be available from June 16\xa0and an early pre-sale period will start\xa0on June 9.', u"(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in Bengaluru and Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles; Editing by Savio D'Souza)"]), ([u'Exclusive: A400M Probe Focuses on Impact of Accidental Data Wipe'], [u"PARIS \u2014  A tiny piece of data needed to run the West's largest turboprop engines is at the center of a complex chain of events under scrutiny following an Airbus A400M military plane crash last month, several people familiar with the matter said.", u'The troop and cargo carrier crashed outside Seville, Spain, on May 9 after three of its huge turboprop engines froze just minutes into a routine, pre-delivery test flight, killing four of its six crew members.', u"At the heart of the investigation are crucial computer files that tell Europe's new military carrier, developed at a cost of 20 billion euros ($22.50-billion), how to control its four engines, people familiar with the matter told Reuters.", u'Computers operating each engine cannot work if this data, which is unique to each of the turboprops, is missing.', u'Investigations are at an early stage but the key scenario being examined is that the data -- known as "torque calibration parameters" -- was accidentally wiped on three engines as the engine software was being installed at Airbus facilities.', u'An Airbus spokeswoman said the investigation was continuing and it was too early draw conclusions.', u'"Safety is our first priority and we will do all that is necessary to get the full picture of what could have led to this tragic accident and take the necessary action," she said, declining comment on any of the points in this article.', u'European NATO buyers have now been instructed not to use the Airbus computer system that was used to conduct the software installation on the A400M, people familiar with the order said.', u'Investigators are poring over maintenance records to see how safety procedures failed to notice the erased parameters.', u'But the combination of lost data and incomplete checks may also have exposed a vulnerability in the amount of information provided to the pilots as they prepared for the maiden flight of the plane, which had been sold to Turkey.', u"Under the A400M's design, the first warning pilots would receive of the engine data problem would be when the plane was 400 feet (120 meters) in the air, according to a safety document seen by Reuters. On the ground, there is no cockpit alert.", u'That system has been in place since the A400M first flew in 2009. It was reviewed last year as the latest engine software was being released, but regulators approved it on the basis that the chances of failure were small and the installation procedure included extra checks, people familiar with the matter said.', u'The European Aviation Safety Agency, which is responsible for A400M certification, declined to comment.', u'A spokesman for Europrop International, a consortium of Rolls-Royce, Safran, MTU Aero Engines and ITP, which makes the engine and its control software, referred all questions to Airbus.', u'It is not unusual for engineers, facing finite resources, to focus on known risks and manage remote ones by putting extra checks in place, like the ones that appeared to fail the A400M.', u'Yet as the pilots took off, another safety feature came into play only to turn against the crew, industry experts said.', u'Without the vital data parameters, information from the engines is effectively meaningless to the computers controlling them. The automatic response is to hunker down and prevent what would usually be a single engine problem causing more damage.', u'This is what the computers apparently did on the doomed flight, just as they were designed to do.', u'"Nobody imagined a problem like this could happen to three engines," a person familiar with the 12-year-old project said.', u'Europe\'s EASA has since issued an emergency warning of "reduced control of an aeroplane" if two or more engines are affected in this way, people familiar with the action said.', u'A spokesman for EASA confirmed it had sent an unpublished directive to A400M buyers, but declined further comment.', u'(Additional reporting by Sarah Morris, Robert Hetz; Editing by Crispian Balmer)']), ([u'Ex-BlackBerry Co-CEO Talks Publicly for the First Time'], [u"TORONTO \u2014  Former BlackBerry co-chief executive Jim Balsillie said Tuesday that Apple's introduction of the ", u" and BlackBerry's rushed attempt to match it was devastating for the once iconic company.", u'Balsillie said in his first public remarks since leaving the company in 2012 that he knew BlackBerry couldn\'t compete after the iPhone\'s introduction in 2007 and after BlackBerry\'s buggy touchscreen device called the Storm had a "100 percent return rate."', u'He said at the Empire Club in Toronto that the impact of rushing it out was devastating. He said Verizon, their largest customer, fired them over it.', u'Balsillie made the remarks in a question-and-answer session with Jacquie McNish and Sean Silcoff, the authors of the new book "Losing the Signal. The Spectacular Rise and Fall of BlackBerry."', u'Pioneered in 1999, the BlackBerry changed the culture by allowing on-the-go business people to access email wirelessly. Then Apple showed that phones could handle much more than email and phone calls.', u'"With Storm we tried to do too much. It was a touch display, it was a clickable display, it had new applications, and it was all done in an incredibly short period of time and it blew up on us," Balsillie said. "That was the time I knew we couldn\'t compete on high end hardware."', u"Balsillie said BlackBerry continued as the world's fastest growing company for two years because of sales of low end devices in emerging markets but said that's when things shifted for the Canadian company.  He said wireless carrier AT&T and Apple caused a seismic shift when AT&T gave Apple carte blanche and unlimited bandwidth to develop services like fast and full internet browsing and video downloads. BlackBerry was slow to adapt.", u'"It was difficult. It was a real shock to the company," Balsillie said.', u"He said with the iPhone and Google's Android phones emerging strong he strongly believed BlackBerry needed to open up its popular BlackBerry messenger service to other smartphone platforms. He noted that people thought BlackBerry made much of its money on hardware but he said it really made money on services. BlackBerry, however, didn't allow BBM on other platforms until after he left the company and after messaging aps like WhatsApp became popular.", u"BlackBerry now holds a minuscule fraction of the U.S. smartphone market after commanding a nearly 50 percent share as recently as 2009.  Although BlackBerry was once Canada's most valuable company, with a market value of $83 billion in June 2008, the stock has plummeted to less than $10 from over $140 a share. That gives it a market value of about $5 billion.", u'The Waterloo, Ontario-based company is trying to stay relevant as it tries to transform into an enterprise security and software company. Balsillie said he wishes the current management the best of luck.', u'Asked what smartphone he now carries, Balsillie said he still uses a BlackBerry Bold.', u'"You\'ll have to pry it out of my cold, dead hands," he said.']), ([u"Who's Who in Music Streaming: Apple, Spotify, Pandora & More"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Apple shook up the music world more than a decade ago when it offered an easy way to buy songs digitally for 99 cents each. Now, it's trying to do it again with a subscription music streaming service.", u'But this time, it faces heavy competition.', u"Below is a look at who's who in music streaming and what they offer:", u'___', u'ON DEMAND', u"Several services charge $10 a month to let you play any of millions of tracks on mobile devices and even download them for offline listening. Once you stop paying, though, you lose all your songs, even ones you've already downloaded. Some offer free versions with ads and other restrictions, such as song selection only on PCs.", u"\u2014 With last year's purchase of headphones maker Beats, Apple got Beats Music, which offers unlimited listening and offline playback for $10 a month. That is evolving into Apple Music and will have a prominent spot on iPhones and other Apple devices, as well as a unique integration with Siri, Apple's voice-activated digital assistant. Apple Music, set to debut June 30, will also be $10 a month, after a three-month free trial. The whole family can sign up for $15.", u"\u2014 Spotify is one of Apple Music's biggest competitors in this space, with 60 million active users worldwide, and a quarter of them paying subscribers. It also offers the ability to pick and play tracks on PCs for free with ads; on mobile devices, non-paying users can play albums, artists or playlists they want but with tracks in random order, also with ads.", u'\u2014 Rhapsody, operating as Napster in some countries, offers unlimited music for $10, along with a hybrid service called "unRadio" for $5 a month. It\'s basically ad-free Internet radio with the ability to save up to 25 favorites for playback anytime.', u'\u2014 Tidal and Deezer also offer high-fidelity CD-quality song streaming, which audiophiles tend to prefer over MP3s and other formats that reduce quality in the compression process. Tidal offers music video and curated playlists from experts. Both charge $10 a month for standard sound quality and $20 for high-fidelity, although discounts can reduce this price.', u'\u2014 Rdio offers full on-demand listening for $10, or a $4 hybrid service that allows 25 tracks to be picked and played on mobile devices.', u'\u2014 Besides the main on-demand features, Slacker\'s twist on a hybrid plan is a $4-per-month "Radio Plus" that allows for Internet radio stations to be listened to offline.', u"\u2014 Google Play Music service also offers unlimited on-demand listening for $10 a month, with no free option. Google also offers a service called YouTube Music Key for selected music videos, free of ads, for $10. Paying for one gets you the other, too. YouTube itself, which is free with ads, is possibly the world's favorite free option for music, whether you watch the video or not.", u'\u2014 Amazon offers on-demand unlimited listening with a $99-a-year Prime membership, though the song selection is very limited compared with rivals.', u'___', u'INTERNET RADIO', u"With Internet radio, which is free with ads, you can't choose songs or artists, as you can with the on-demand listening services. But you can fine-tune your Internet stations by specifying a song, artist, genre, playlist, mood, activity or time of day. The station will then stream songs to match your choices. You can personalize stations further by skipping tracks or giving a thumbs up or down on the songs you hear.", u"\u2014 Pandora, the U.S. leader, has about 80 million active listeners. It's free with ads, or you can pay $5 a month for an ad-free premium service and higher-quality audio over Web browsers.", u'\u2014 IHeart Radio combines genre-based Internet radio with online feeds of hundreds of traditional radio stations so homesick devotees can listen while out of market.', u"\u2014 Slacker's free offering intersperses playlists with pre-recorded intros and factoids by DJs.", u'\u2014 Songza offers a concierge Internet radio service based on the time of day and your activities.', u"\u2014 Internet radio through Apple's iTunes Radio is going away and will become part of the new Apple Music. The difference is humans rather than computers will choose the songs. It's free on Apple devices and Mac and Windows personal computers. Apple is also launching a global radio station called Beats 1 to join stations based on genres. DJs in Los Angeles, New York and London will host.", u'___', u'PAY PER SONG', u'Pay per song enables you to buy songs or albums to own forever.', u"\u2014 Apple's iTunes first made it easy to buy singles or albums, and that will continue. But now, Google and Amazon compete in that space, often at lower prices and with different options to save your tunes online.", u'__', u'Nakashima reported from Los Angeles.']), ([u'Intel Launches Investment Fund for Minority, Women-Led Firms'], [u'SANTA CLARA, California \u2014  Intel is launching a $125 million investment fund for technology startups led by women and minorities, a move the chipmaker says is aimed at changing the face of Silicon Valley.', u'The new fund, which is unusual for its focus on minority-led companies, is part of a broader effort that Intel CEO Brian Krzanich has launched amid widespread criticism of a U.S. tech industry dominated by white male executives and investors.', u"Krzanich announced plans earlier this year to spend $300 million on diversity efforts and pledged to make Intel's workforce and executive ranks more closely resemble the U.S. workforce by 2020. Intel has previously said its workforce is about 24 percent female and 12 percent black and Hispanic. The U.S. workforce is about 47 percent women and 26 percent black and Hispanic.", u'The new investment fund will raise Intel\'s commitment to more than $300 million, Intel officials said, although they said there is some overlap and they did not provide financial details. It\'s intended to help build a more diverse "ecosystem" of smaller companies and entrepreneurs that plays an important role in the tech industry, Krzanich said Tuesday.', u'Despite statistics that show few women and minority-led startups receive venture funding, he said Intel wants to show "there are plenty of women- and minority-led startup companies, and we want to work with them."', u'The first companies to receive backing from the new program include Venafi, a cybersecurity firm; CareCloud, which makes Internet-based software for the health industry; Brit + Co., which provides classes and an online market for selling do-it-yourself products; and Mark One, which makes a "smart" cup that analyzes the nutritional content of beverages.', u'To qualify for funding, firms must have a woman or minority founder or CEO, or at least three top executives who are women and minorities, said Lisa Lambert, who is overseeing the fund.', u'"They will go through the same scrutiny as any Intel Capital deal. This isn\'t a social program" added Lambert, who is a vice president with Intel Capital, the giant chip-maker\'s investment arm.', u'While there are nonprofit organizations that support minority-led startups, dedicated investment funds are rare. AOL has a $10 million fund focused on women-led startups. Comcast has a $20 million fund that provides early-stage or "seed" funding to minority startups. Lambert said Intel\'s fund will look at startups that are further along in their growth.', u'"I think we need to see more programs like what Intel is doing, that look at the business opportunities and solutions" offered by minority-led companies, said Edward Avila of Manos Accelerator, a San Jose, California, group that provides mentorship for Hispanic entrepreneurs.', u'"The challenge for minority startups is not their ability or capacity, it\'s their access to capital," said Butch Wing, a spokesman for the Rev. Jesse Jackson\'s Rainbow PUSH organization, which has pressured Silicon Valley companies to improve diversity.']), ([u"Audi CEO's Privacy Appeal Takes Aim at Google's Car Push"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Volkswagen's Audi will take a stringent line on guarding customers' data, the carmaker's chief executive said on Tuesday, in a thinly veiled swipe at new rival Google Inc..", u'The emergence of self-driving and connected cars has made software a key component in future cars, opening the market to new entrants like Google, and shaking up the pecking order between carmakers and their suppliers.', u'Software-driven cars also throw up new questions about who should control data generated by connected cars and drivers, forcing companies to take a clear stance on data privacy.', u'"A car is one\'s second living room today," Audi Chief Executive Rupert Stadler said on Tuesday at a business event in Berlin attended by Google Chairman Eric Schmidt.', u'"That\'s private. The only person who needs access to the data onboard is the customer," Stadler said, adding Audi "takes that seriously."', u'Information about the location and speed of a car could be attractive to advertisers, insurance and communications companies who could use the data for their own commercial purposes.', u"Germany's auto industry has lobbied regulators to take a restrictive line on data privacy, a step which could make it harder for software and telecom companies to establish a data-driven business case in the auto sector.", u'"The customer wants to be at the focus, and does not want to be exploited," said Stadler.', u"The remarks of the CEO of VW's flagship division echo a similar stance on privacy taken by rival Daimler which has, like Audi, developed an autonomous car.", u"As part of their own push into software and autonomous cars, Audi, Daimler's Mercedes and BMW, together with private equity firm General Atlantic, are jointly bidding for Nokia's mapping unit HERE, sources told Reuters last month.", u'(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan. Writing by Andreas Cremer and Edward Taylor. Editing by Louise Heavens)']), ([u'Israeli Start-Up Spins Web of Deception to Foil Hackers'], [u'TEL AVIV \u2014  Israeli start-up Illusive Networks says it can foil cyber hackers by lulling them into thinking they have found a way to steal data, which is actually fake.', u'The company, set up last year, says algorithms in its software are able to detect that a person is not using a network in an ordinary way but is seeking out credit card information, for example.', u'The software is aimed at "targeted attacks" or "advanced persistent threats" -- cyber attacks that are usually trying to access a credit card database or a file server with sensitive information about clients.', u'As a single client of a bank wouldn\'t be trying to get this information, the software entices the hacker by showing him, for example, a "quick" path to the credit card database, which is in fact false.', u'"We look at attackers\' vulnerability. They are human beings, they have weaknesses, they become very greedy," Illusive Chief Executive, Shlomo Touboul, said.', u'The company, founded by Ofer Israeli, previously a researcher at Israeli computer security pioneer Check Point Software, counts U.S. and Israeli banks as well as  insurance, healthcare, telecoms and law firms among its customers.', u'Israeli said the company\'s solution differed from existing "honeypots" that lure attackers into selected traps.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Large networks require an endless number of honeypots to trap attackers, making\xa0it hard to keep pace with the level of attacks across an organization, which can have thousands or even millions of devices to protect.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Illusive "paints a deceptive layer of honey over the entire network," Israeli said.', u'The false information is only visible to attackers trying to steal information. It is transparent to users and security staff and does not affect the normal functioning of the devices,\xa0computer servers and network equipment.', u'Avivah Litan and Lawrence Pingree, analysts at Gartner -- which included Illusive in its 2015 "Cool Vendors in Security Intelligence" -- said such deception techniques will become more prevalent because they are more effective than defensive methods and easier to deploy.', u"Illusive's biggest challenge will be convincing customers and IT administrators that its system won't interfere with normal business operations, they said.", u"The start-up raised an initial round of $5 million from Team8, a new fund focused on cyber security and led by veterans of the Israeli army's 8200 intelligence and electronic espionage unit.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Investors in Team8 include Alcatel-Lucent, Cisco and Innovation Endeavors, founded by Google executive chairman Eric Schmidt.', u'With cyber attacks now regularly infiltrating organizations on the Internet, most still fail to realize they have been targeted until months have passed, by which time the damage has been done.', u'Illusive says that once hackers start moving around in a network, it can neutralize the attack and trigger an intrusion report, enabling technical administrators to detect and contain the attack at an early stage.  \xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "We doubled sales over the last three months and we are looking to double sales in the next six months," said Touboul, who has founded three cybersecurity companies including Finjan  and Shany, which was acquired by Intel.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The company plans to open an office in New York soon and then expand to Europe next year.', u'(Editing by Eric Auchard and Susan Fenton)']), ([u'Connected Cows, Cars and Crockery Prod Chip Mega Mergers'], [u'SINGAPORE/TAIPEI \u2014  Chip companies are merging, signing $66 billion worth of deals this year alone in preparation for an explosion of demand from all walks of life as the next technological revolution takes hold: the Internet of Things.', u'As cars, crockery and even cows are controlled or monitored online, each will require a different kind of chip of ever-diminishing size, combining connectivity with processing, memory and battery power.', u'These require makers to pool resources and intellectual property to produce smaller, faster, cheaper chips, for a market that International Data Corp said would grow to $1.7 trillion by 2020 from $650 billion last year.', u"By comparison, chip markets for personal and tablet computers are stagnant or in decline, and even smartphones are near peaking, said Bob O'Donnell, a long-time consultant to the chip industry.", u'"We\'re very much done in terms of growth of those traditional markets," said O\'Donnell. "That\'s why they are looking at this."', u'Last month saw the biggest-ever chip merger with Avago Technologies Ltd agreeing to buy Broadcom Corp for $37 billion. That eclipsed the $17 billion Intel Corp agreed last week for Altera Corp, and the $12 billion NXP Semiconductors NV offered in March for Freescale Semiconductor Ltd.', u'On Friday, Lattice Semiconductor Corp said it was open to a sale.', u'\xa0', u'CONNECTED COWS', u"The Internet of Things relies on chips in devices wirelessly sending data to servers, which in turn process the data and send results to a user's smartphone, or automatically tweak the devices themselves.", u"Those devices range from a light bulb to a nuclear power plant, from a smartwatch to a building's air-conditioning system.\xa0This range presents both opportunity and a challenge for semiconductor companies: their potential customer base is huge, but diverse, requiring different approaches.", u'Qualcomm Inc, for example, is used to selling chips to around a dozen mobile phone manufacturers. The Internet of Things has brought it business from quite different players, from makers of water meters to street lights that sport modems and traffic-monitoring cameras. All have their own needs.', u'"You can\'t think the new market is just like the old one," Qualcomm Vice President of Marketing Tim McDonough said in an interview.', u'Qualcomm estimates that the Internet of Things will bring in more than 10 percent of its chip revenue this business year.', u'And then there are those cows. Instead of monitoring herds by sight, farmers in Japan have tagged them with Internet-connected pedometers from Fujitsu Ltd and partner Microsoft Corp, to measure when they might be ready for insemination. Cows in season, it turns out, tend to pace more.', u'SPECK OF CHIP', u'This new business is pushing chip companies together in part to consolidate their expertise onto one chip, a trend forged by mobile phones.', u'The Avago-Broadcom deal, for instance, brings together motion control and optical sensors from Avago with chips from Broadcom that specialize in connectivity via wireless technologies such as Bluetooth and Wi-Fi.', u'In the past "if you wanted to build a board that has all the components, then you needed to buy three different chips," said Dipesh Patel of ARM Holdings PLC, which licenses much of the technology inside mobile phones - and, increasingly, in the Internet of Things.', u'"Now you only need to buy one chip. But you\'re trying to get more of the same system on the same chip."', u"As chips get smaller, they could be tiny enough to ingest, according to Vital Herd Inc. The Texas-based startup's pill-like sensor, once a cow swallows it, can transmit vital signs, warning farmers of illness and other problems.", u'Jen-Hsun Huang, co-founder and chief executive officer of graphics chips maker Nvidia Corp, predicts chips will shrink to the size of a speck of dust and find their way into almost anything, from shoes to cups.', u'"Those little tiny chips, I think they\'re going to be sold by the trillions," Huang said in an interview. "Maybe even sold by the pound."', u'\xa0 \xa0', u'PROCESSING', u'Installing chips into end products is only one side of the equation. The more things connect, the bigger the number and capability of servers needed to process the vast amount of specialized data those chips transmit.', u"To meet the demand, Intel could employ chips for its servers designed by new purchase Altera that analyze streams of similar data - specializing in one function, as opposed to multiple functions like chips inside personal computers - industry consultant O'Donnell said.", u'Combining such strengths is going to be vital, said Malik Saadi of ABI Research, because consolidation is not over yet.', u'More chip companies "will have to make that radical decision to merge," said Saadi. "This is just the starting point."\xa0', u'(Additional reporting by Liana Baker in New York; Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Uber Spends Heavily to Establish Itself in China'], [u'HONG KONG \u2014  Uber is spending money at a breakneck rate to crack the China market \u2014 even paying its drivers more than the fares they collect.', u'Fat with almost $6 billion in venture capital, Uber, based in San Francisco, is doling out bonuses up to three times the amount of its fares, in a bet that its exceptional rise in the United States can be matched in China.', u'So far, its strategy is working, shattering prevailing assumptions that young American tech companies cannot compete against local rivals.', u'The spending spree has attracted droves of drivers like Jacky, a systems analyst at an international telecommunications company, who recently began moonlighting for Uber with his Ford Fiesta in Shanghai. In late May, Uber said it had created more than 60,000 jobs in China over the past month, with the spread of its service spurring protests from some taxi drivers.', u'\u201cThis is a really great opportunity for me to make some extra money,\u201d said Jacky, 34, who declined to give his full name because he was releasing internal information about Uber.', u'Though other ride-hailing services also offer driver bonuses, Jacky said Uber pays the most. In the first three weeks of May, he said, he made the equivalent of about $1,000 from Uber \u2014 or almost half of his $2,100 monthly salary at the telecommunications company \u2014 with the majority of his earnings as a driver coming from the subsidies.', u'While China represents huge scale as a market, it has fended off the entry of just about every major Western technology start-up. Uber, a five-year-old company that operates in more than ', u' worldwide, faces homegrown Chinese rivals like ', u', which has more than 90 percent of the market and is backed by two of the largest Chinese Internet companies, Alibaba and Tencent. It may also have to grapple with a fickle central government that could shut it out of the market overnight.', u'Yet more affluent and cosmopolitan Chinese have flocked to Uber\u2019s service, attracted by fares that are on average at least 35 percent cheaper than taxis, with the cars generally more luxurious than cabs and drivers who offer free water and are typically more polite.', u'Uber is providing more than 100,000 rides a day in China, according to two people with knowledge of the company\u2019s internal metrics, who declined to be identified because the numbers are confidential. That is about 10 percent of the total one million rides a day that Uber said it was getting companywide in December.', u'In the central Chinese city of Chengdu alone, Uber has attracted 20,000 drivers since 2014, compared with 26,000 in New York City who have come aboard since 2011. Travis Kalanick, Uber\u2019s chief executive, is ', u' and making multiple visits to the country, including one last month to the provincial capital of ', u' in the southwest.', u'\u201cUber is doing quite well in the first-tier cities, and it\u2019s a bit of a surprise,\u201d said You Na, an analyst at ICBC International based in Hong Kong. \u201cThe subsidies make a big difference.\u201d', u'An Uber spokeswoman declined to comment on the scale of the company\u2019s business in China. Uber is in talks with investors to ', u' or so in a financing that would value it at $50 billion.', u'Uber still faces many hurdles in China, where the market is highly competitive, regulated and, at times, eccentric. Chinese tend to favor Chinese-branded services, said Mark Natkin, founder of the research firm Marbridge Consulting in Beijing, though sometimes using a globally leading brand \u2014 like Uber \u2014 has cachet.', u'Uber has attracted Chinese customers like Li Yufang, 28, a Beijing resident and an employee at a property developer, who switched to Uber in January from other ride-hailing services.', u'\u201cThe reason I love Uber is because the price is really low compared with taxis or private limos,\u201d Ms. Li said.', u'On Chinese social media, jokes that Uber provides a convenient, self-selecting pool of potential husbands for single women have even made the rounds.', u'Uber began tests in China in late 2013 in the southern cities of Guangzhou and Shenzhen, focusing on a service that would let people hail rides from licensed limousine companies. Instead of following other Western tech firms, which at times have relied on foreign managers with little knowledge of China, Uber hired and empowered local people to act as managers to run city operations as they saw fit. It now operates in nine Chinese cities.', u'The company also took a more cautious, cooperative approach in China, unlike in other countries, where it has brazenly flouted authorities. In December, Uber sold a stake in itself to Baidu and began working to offer its service directly on Baidu\u2019s popular maps application. Uber recently earned praise from the head of a major Chinese Internet industry group for behaving more like a Chinese company than like an eBay or an Amazon.', u'In October, however, Uber expanded a new service that put it on questionable regulatory footing in the country. The service, playfully called People\u2019s Uber after the Marxist language favored by the Communist Party, resembles what Uber does elsewhere by letting private drivers register and shuttle passengers for pay. The service runs counter to what is offered by companies like Didi Kuaidi, which either enable customers to hail taxis directly or use contracts with private limo companies to offer high-end cars at luxury prices.', u'It also drew scrutiny from local governments since the drivers are unlicensed. In the last two months, local authorities in Chengdu and Guangzhou ', u' in response to the questionable legality of People\u2019s Uber.', u'Local traffic authorities in Guangzhou and Chengdu did not respond to requests for comment. At the time of the raids, Uber said it was cooperating with officials. People\u2019s Uber is still operating in both cities.', u'The raids have spurred driver protests. In Chengdu last month, hundreds of Uber drivers lashed out at the local traffic police after one driver\u2019s car was impounded.', u'People\u2019s Uber has also prompted a battle with Didi Kuaidi, which last month started its own service for private drivers, called Kuaiche. A few weeks later, Didi Kuaidi announced an initiative to spend 1 billion renminbi ($160 million) subsidizing the program in the form of discounts to passengers and driver incentives.', u'\u201cWe welcome all good competition,\u201d said Jean Liu, Didi Kuaidi\u2019s president, at a May 22 media briefing. \u201cThis is our home market; we love this market so much, we want to make sure it grows in a healthy, sustainable, safe way.\u201d', u'The inducements from both sides are stirring ', u', similar to what Uber has faced in other countries. In recent weeks, cabdrivers in Tianjin have lashed out at private car drivers.', u'One woman, whose husband and father-in-law share a taxi in Tianjin, confirmed the protests but declined to be named. She said the popularity of services like Uber has cut what taxi drivers can make during the day by about a third.', u'Another problem for Uber may be its own drivers. On Taobao, Alibaba\u2019s e-commerce site, vendors run a thriving black market for driver accounts, allowing purchasers to circumvent Uber\u2019s background checks. Jacky also confirmed reports in local news media that many drivers log fraudulent Uber rides using fake passenger accounts to get some of the bonuses the company is offering.', u'Uber isn\u2019t deterred.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re particularly optimistic in China,\u201d Mr. Kalanick said in a speech in China last month. \u201cI\u2019ve just seen cities everywhere and have found that mayors and city governments are far more focused on progress in their cities here in China than I\u2019ve seen elsewhere, and it makes me incredibly optimistic.\u201d']), ([u'Sony Aims for More Clients, 20 Percent Sales Growth in Image Sensors'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Sony Corp aims to diversify its client base for image sensors beyond top customer Apple Inc, even as it expects orders from the iPhone maker to help lift sales about 20 percent this fiscal year, a senior executive said on Tuesday.', u"Sensors have emerged as one of Sony's strongest products in recent years as its TV and mobile operations struggle. While the Japanese company has fallen behind Apple and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in smartphones, its sensors are used in those rivals' handsets.", u"Tomoyuki Suzuki, head of Sony's device solutions business which includes image sensors - chips that convert optical images to electronic signals - said he expected sensor sales to grow about 100 billion yen ($804 million) to 550 billion in the year ending March.", u"That would be slower than the 40 percent rise of the previous year. But Suzuki said demand was so strong that Sony was struggling to keep up, signalling continued strength for a unit widely seen as crucial for the firm's turnaround.", u"Suzuki was promoted to executive deputy president in April, reflecting the company's recognition of the role sensors were playing.", u'"We\'re seeing very good demand at the moment," he told Reuters in an interview. "We don\'t have slack."', u'While Sony does not disclose its client list, Apple is well known as its top customer, followed by Samsung, which analysts said recently switched to Sony sensors for the Galaxy S6 after using its own in the S5. Chinese handset makers such as Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] also use Sony sensors for high-end models, analysts said.', u'"We want to be inside a variety of customers," Suzuki said.', u'"When it comes to semiconductors, if you can\'t make use of production capacity you quickly end up with a loss. So if you want to avoid that volatility the important thing is to have good balance with several customers."', u'Sony in April said it would spend 45 billion yen to bolster sensor production capacity this fiscal year on top of a 105 billion yen investment announced in February.', u'"Of course we will meet the requirements of our top customer, but we are expanding capacity with orders from Chinese smartphone makers in mind," Suzuki said.', u'COMPANY JEWELS', u"Suzuki said Sony's strength in sensors was based on 30 years' experience in imaging technology, initially mainly applied to its video cameras.", u'Its expertise in making sensors for smartphones capable of high-quality images in low light gave it an edge against competitors, Suzuki said. That technology would give Sony an advantage as it expands into automobile-related products, he said.', u'Suzuki spent most of his career working on semiconductor-related technologies since joining Sony in 1979. He said he was shocked that the previously obscure products had become so important for the electronics-to-entertainment group.', u'"It\'s totally unexpected," he said. "It was pretty surprising when they suddenly started saying these are the company jewels."', u"While Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai has pushed to make Sony's divisions more independent and accountable for their financial performance, Suzuki said he did not believe the firm would ever focus only on particular products such as sensors.", u'"Sony is not a semiconductor company," he said.', u'(Additional reporting by Reiji Murai; Editing by Stephen Coates and Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'High-Tech Extortion Attacks Nearly Doubled in First Quarter, Report Says'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  High-tech extortion schemes nearly doubled in the first three months of 2015, while attacks on Adobe Flash software used in streaming media and casual game sites quadrupled, a global report said on Tuesday.', u"Intel Corp's McAfee Labs Threats Report for May found that ransomware surged 165 percent in the first quarter, rebounding from a slight dip earlier in 2014 when police agencies worldwide staged a coordinated crackdown to knock out a major ransomware network.", u'Ramsomware is malware which cybercriminals use to seize control of computer and phones when unwitting users click on an infected link or download a tainted document, locking them out of all access to their devices unless they make ransom payments.', u'The scheme, which first took root in Russia last decade, has spread globally in the last four years. Victims typically face extortion demands of anywhere from $150 to $500 to regain access to the encrypted files.', u'Newer, "sleeper" versions that seize control of storage drives when data backups are made are on the rise, said Raj Samani, chief technology officer for the company\'s Europe, Middle East and Africa region.', u'Intel Security found 700,000 samples of ransomware on computers, phones and networks of its customers in the latest quarter, Samani said in an interview.', u'Ransomware has evolved using "crime as a service" business techniques in which coders lease out variants of the malware to uncounted thousands of criminals who use them to launch virtual extortion schemes in return for a cut of the action, he said.', u'Meanwhile, Adobe Flash malware grew 317 percent in the first quarter. Intel Security spotted 200,000 samples of Flash malware among its customer base of hundreds of millions of phone and computer users worldwide. This malicious code takes advantage of out-of-date versions of the widely used Adobe software.', u'(Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Australian Web Provider iiNet in Possible Database Hacking'], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  Australian Internet provider iiNet Ltd has urged more than 30,000 customers to change their passwords after claims emerged online that hackers had been attempting to sell personal information stolen from one of the firm's databases.", u"News of the potential data breach at Australia's third-largest web provider first emerged on Twitter, where it was alleged an unnamed hacker was offering to sell a database that included client passwords, home addresses and telephone numbers.", u'iiNet said it was not immediately able to confirm whether the information, which includes subscriber details from a company it purchased in 2008, had actually been breached.', u'As a precaution, however, iiNet CIO Matthew Toohey said the company had contacted almost 31,000 customers and asked for the password change to prevent unauthorized access to accounts.', u'"iiNet is aware of an incident that may have resulted in unauthorized access to old customer information stored on a legacy Westnet system," Toohey said in a statement published by  Australian media outlets on Tuesday.', u'"Customer username, address, telephone and, in some cases, password information may have been accessed. However, no payment details were stored on the server. The system is now offline and at no further risk."', u'Reuters could not immediately reach iiNet officials for comment.', u"Last month iiNet said it would accept a A$1.56-billion  ($1.19 billion) takeover proposal from larger rival TPG Telecom Ltd, sidelining rival bidder M2 Group Ltd and paving the way for it to become the industry's second largest firm.", u"The planned deal, which M2 could still disrupt with a higher proposal, would create the most serious rival to market behemoth Telstra Corp Ltd as Australia's internet companies rush to upsize, amid the roll out of the state-funded National Broadband Network (NBN) which aims to bring high-speed Internet to nine in 10 homes by 2021.", u'($1=A$1.3080)', u'(Reporting by Matt Siegel; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)']), ([u'Exclusive: U.S. Tech Industry Appeals to Obama to Keep Hands Off Encryption'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  As Washington weighs new cybersecurity steps amid a public backlash over mass surveillance, U.S. tech companies warned President Barack Obama not to weaken increasingly sophisticated encryption systems designed to protect consumers' privacy.", u'In a strongly worded letter to Obama on Monday, two industry associations for major software and hardware companies said, "We are opposed to any policy actions or measures that would undermine encryption as an available and effective tool."', u'The Information Technology Industry Council and the Software and Information Industry Association, representing tech giants, including Apple Inc, Google Inc, Facebook Inc, IBM and Microsoft Corp, fired the latest salvo in what is shaping up to be a long fight over government access into smart phones and other digital devices.', u'Obama administration officials, led by the FBI, have pushed the companies to find ways to let law enforcement bypass encryption to investigate illegal activities, including terrorism threats, but not weaken it so that criminals and computer hackers could penetrate the defenses.', u'So far, however, the White House has not spelled out specific regulatory or legislative steps it might seek.', u"Some cybersecurity experts are skeptical that Congress will take legislative action to expand the administration's powers anytime soon, noting recent lopsided votes in the House of Representatives to rein in surveillance.", u'White House spokesman Josh Earnest, responding to Reuters\' inquiries, said the administration "firmly supports the development and robust adoption of strong encryption."', u'But he added there were concerns about "the use of encryption by terrorists and other criminals to conceal and enable crimes and other malicious activity."', u"FBI'S INTENTIONS KEY", u'Kate Martin, director of the Center for National Security Studies, a civil liberties watchdog group, said, "The ultimate question is whether the FBI is going to seek legislation that would put limits on development of encryption tools."', u'The Obama administration is in the midst of an internal debate on the matter. Martin said the recent naming of Ed Felten, a computer science and public affairs expert, as deputy U.S. chief technology officer was an indication that Obama "takes seriously the privacy concerns."', u'But at the same time, she noted, "Technology, and especially the globalization of communications, has outpaced U.S. law."', u"The debate over whether there should be limits on encryption should include the question of whether there should be limits on when the government can lawfully get access to people's private information, Martin said.", u'The industry letter to Obama also was sent to FBI Director James Comey, Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson, Attorney General Loretta Lynch and other Cabinet heads.', u"Days earlier, the United States enacted legislation that will curtail the government's ability to scoop up huge volumes of data related to records of Americans' telephone calls.", u'At the same time, Washington is being battered by computer hacks. Last week a massive breach was disclosed at the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, with records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees possibly compromised.', u'An explosion in government surveillance was an outgrowth of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks on the United States and was exposed by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.', u'The industry groups noted that online commerce has flourished in part because consumers believed their payment information would be secure.', u'"Consumer trust in digital products and services is an essential component enabling continued economic growth of the online marketplace," the industry wrote.', u'"Accordingly, we urge you not to pursue any policy or proposal that would require or encourage companies to weaken these technologies, including the weakening of encryption or creating encryption \'work-arounds\'."', u'(Additional reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Tom Brown)']), ([u'U.S. Army Says It Took Down Website After Hacking Incident'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Army said on Monday it temporarily took down its website after a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army hacked into the site and posted messages.', u'The Army said in a statement that hackers compromised an element of the ', u" service provider's content.", u'"After this came to our attention, the Army took appropriate preventive measures to ensure there was no breach of Army data by taking down the website temporarily," said Army Brigadier General Malcolm Frost, the chief of Army public affairs.', u'A group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army claimed responsibility for the hack and said it left messages on the U.S. Army website, including one saying: "Your commanders admit they are training the people they have sent you to die fighting."', u'(Reporting by David Alexander; Editing by Eric Beech)']), ([u'Apple Music Is Unveiled, Along With Operating System Upgrades'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  ', u'\u2019s iTunes has grown stale. It is difficult to use and feels dated when compared with online music services like Spotify and Pandora. Pick your critique, and ', u' has heard it.', u'But an overhaul of Apple\u2019s music products, which includes an integration of the Beats music service that the Cupertino, Calif., company acquired last year for $3 billion, shows that Apple, if anything, knows it has to grab attention while playing catch-up.', u'In a thoroughly choreographed presentation at Apple\u2019s ', u' for software developers, celebrities including the movie director J. J. Abrams and the rapper Drake helped Apple on Monday perform the nifty trick of matching competitors like Google and Spotify while still appearing to be on the cutting edge of the tech scene.', u'\u201cWe weren\u2019t the first phone, we weren\u2019t the first music player. That\u2019s not where revolutions are made,\u201d Eddy Cue, Apple\u2019s head of software and Internet services, said in an interview after the event. \u201cRevolutions are about bringing it all together and having the best product that actually works.\u201d', u'The new music service was one part of a wide-ranging slate of announcements. Apple detailed new versions of its software systems for iPhones, iPads and Macs, offering features like public transit directions to its mapping software \u2014 a feature that Google and other mapping providers have supported for many years.', u'For years, Apple\u2019s strategy for selling iPhones and Macintosh computers has been to offer exclusive, high-quality software as a lure to reel people into buying its hardware. But the quality of its software started to slip last year, when the latest versions of the ', u' and Mac operating systems shipped with major bugs, including one that disabled the cell signal for a number of ', u' users last September.', u'To avoid a repeat, Apple on Monday introduced upgrades for its mobile and computer systems, iOS and OS X, with a strong focus on improving things under the hood, like stability, performance and battery life.', u'The new version of iOS, called iOS 9, expands on existing features like Siri, Apple\u2019s voice-controlled assistant. The updated assistant can respond to commands like \u201cShow me photos from last August\u201d to load the specific photo roll taken that month.', u'When a user is receiving a phone call from an unfamiliar number, a user can ask \u201cWho is calling?\u201d and Siri will search emails for that phone number to identify the caller.', u'Apple also made changes to iOS that will significantly change the way iPads work. The company introduced a split-screen mode that allows multiple apps to run side-by-side, a big change from the current interface, which loads one app that takes up the entire screen.', u'Apple made the change in anticipation of releasing a jumbo ', u' that it plans to market as a device for professionals, according to a person briefed on the product.', u'The new Mac system, called El Capitan, also focuses on refining existing features. Apple added a button to its Safari web browser that mutes sound that unexpectedly starts playing from a webpage. Apple also expanded its search feature, called Spotlight, to do smarter searches. Typing \u201cSF giants,\u201d for example, will bring up the game scores and games schedule for the San Francisco Giants baseball team.', u'El Capitan also emphasizes improving performance. Apple said apps would start about one and a half times as fast as in the previous version of OS X, and switching between apps would also be much snappier. The free upgrades for both the Mac and iPhone operating systems system will be available in the fall.', u'Many of Apple\u2019s new features represent an effort to make iPhones smarter and more contextually aware of users\u2019 daily rhythms and needs. In doing this, the company is mimicking features that Google\u2019s Android operating system has had for years.', u'Google Maps has long had public transit directions, for instance. Apple\u2019s new personal assistant, which would use cues like location, time of day and user patterns to suggest specific apps to use at that moment, is similar to the Google Now assistant, which is available on Android devices and can be downloaded to iPhones through the App Store.', u'Siri\u2019s expanded ability to search through photos is also similar to the new Google Photos software that the search giant unveiled two weeks ago at Google I/O, its own developer conference.', u'\u201cDevelopers need Apple to compete seriously with Google on these \u2018intelligent\u2019 features to keep users on the platform,\u201d said Justin Kaufman, director of engineering in the West Coast office of Raizlabs, a company that builds mobile applications for both the iOS and Android platforms.', u'Apple expanded Apple Pay, its mobile payments service, to include a loyalty and rewards programs for some merchants. For example, users paying with Apple Pay at Walgreens and Dunkin\u2019 Donuts can redeem points they have accrued through the retailer\u2019s rewards program.', u'The company highlighted the announcement of Apple Music, an app and music service that it developed with Beats Electronics. The new application includes features that have long been familiar to customers of subscription-based streaming services like Spotify and Pandora, but Apple executives say their offering is better because it takes a confusing torrent of different methods to listen to music and ties them together in one place.', u'\u201cThe music industry is a fragmented mess,\u201d said Jimmy Iovine, the music executive who joined Apple after the Beats acquisition. The main difference with Apple\u2019s offering is that a customer\u2019s music downloads, the streaming music service and an Internet radio service can all be found inside the Apple Music app, he said.', u'Apple Music allows users to search for songs and stream them over the Internet, similar to Spotify. The streaming service makes recommendations for other playlists and albums for people to listen to. The service will cost $10 a month or $15 a month for up to six family members.', u'The music app, which will be available June 30, also includes an overhauled version of iTunes Radio, the Pandora-like radio service Apple released in 2013. The radio service has added a live station, called Beats 1, that is curated by major names in the music industry, like the former BBC producer Zane Lowe.', u'Apple has also integrated social media elements into Apple Music, enabling artists to publish posts about their albums and concerts, and allowing customers to post comments.', u'James McQuivey, a technology analyst for Forrester Research, said Apple was late to the streaming music party, but still has a chance to leapfrog the competition.', u'\u201cCan Apple beat Spotify?\u201d he asked. \u201cYes, it can, not because its service will be any better, but because it can build its new music service into the hundreds of millions of devices that its loyal Apple users already love.\u201d', u'Apple also demonstrated a news-reading mobile app called News, which will allow users to load articles from media outlets including The New York Times, ESPN and Wired. The app reformats web articles into magazinelike formats, similar to Flipboard, the popular reading app offered on Apple and Android devices.']), ([u"Apple Show: Music Streaming, Watch Apps and 'El Capitan'"], [u'Apple kicked off its annual conference for software developers in San Francisco on Monday, unveiling plans for a music-streaming service, new apps for its smart watch and the overseas expansion of its mobile payments system.', u'A look at some of the announcements:', u'___', u'APPLE MUSIC', u'The service will combine a 24-hour, seven-day live radio station called "Beats 1" with an on-demand music streaming service. It will cost $10 a month for one person or $15 a month for a family of up to six people. The first three months will be free.', u'___', u'APPLE PAY EXPANSION', u'The mobile-payment system, which had only been available in the U.S., will expand to the United Kingdom, next month. Apple Pay will also start working with some store-issued credit cards and let users track and use rewards from some merchant loyalty programs.', u'___', u'EXPANDED WATCH APPS', u"Developers will now be able to make apps specifically for Apple Watch and interact directly with the watch's sensors and controls, such as the dial. Third-party apps for the watch had been limited to being extensions of apps that run on the iPhone.", u'___', u'MOBILE UPDATE', u'Apple Maps will get public-transit information as part of an update to the iOS mobile operating system due out in September. The update will also bring better battery life and improved security. Apple is also adding "multi-tasking" capability for iPads, allowing users to split the screen between two different apps and use both at the same time.', u'___', u'NEWS APP', u"The app will feature a personalized feed based on a user's interests and choices. It pulls text, photos and video from a variety of sources.", u'__', u"'EL CAPITAN'", u"The update to Apple's Mac operating system \u2014 dubbed El Capitan after a landmark in Yosemite National Park \u2014 will include features like the ability to run multiple apps in split-screen mode and pinning frequently visited sites on a bar at the top of the Safari browser."]), ([u'RTL Creates Team to Expand Online Video'], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  European broadcaster RTL Group is creating a team to expand its online video business, especially in North America, responding to a change in viewing habits away from traditional broadcasting to the Internet.', u'RTL, majority-owned by German media group Bertelsmann [BTGGg.F], has recently invested in Canadian online video company BroadbandTV, YouTube fashion and beauty network StyleHaul and U.S. online video ad platform SpotXchange.', u"It says it generates more than 7 billion online video views per month with an offering primarily aimed at young viewers, many of them on Google's Youtube network.", u"Axel Springer, Bertelsmann's German media rival and publisher of best-selling tabloid Bild, is also expanding in English-speaking markets, including a joint venture with Politico for a European edition.", u"RTL's new digital hub will be run by Marcel Reichart, head of digital development and partnerships and a co-founder of the international DLD conference network, RTL said on Monday. He will report directly to RTL's co-chief executives.", u'"The creation of the RTL Digital Hub underlines our strategic goal to become a global force in online video and to further increase our presence in North America," co-CEOs Anke Schaeferkordt and Guillaume de Posch said.', u'(Reporting by Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Ludwig Burger and David Holmes)']), ([u"Samsung Elec's New Smartwatch to Offer Mobile Payments: Electronic Times"], [u"SEOUL \u2014  Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd plans to offer a mobile payments function in a smartwatch to be launched in the second half of the year, South Korea's Electronic Times newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.", u'Samsung would use near-field communication (NFC) technology to support mobile payments on the smartwatch, the report said. This is the same technology Apple Inc uses for the Apple Pay function supported by its smartwatches.', u'The South Korean firm has said that its Samsung Pay mobile payments service, which supports NFC technology, will be available with "select partners" in July. The company did not immediately comment on the report.', u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Apple Makes Product Upgrades, Pushes Into Streaming Music'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 Apple announced a major new foray into streaming music on Monday as it showed off a host of new software features for its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers.', u'The $10-a-month music service is called Apple Music and combines on-demand listening, a 24/7 radio station hosted by live DJs and a forum for artists to give fans behind-the-scenes content from upcoming releases.', u"The service, which was announced during Apple's annual software conference Monday, will be launched later this month in more than 100 countries. It comes at a time when iTunes songs and album sales are falling, while streaming music leaders like Spotify and Deezer are gaining subscribers and revenue.", u"The music service was the biggest news of the company's five-day conference, but Apple also announced a host of new upgrades and services coming later this year to the operating software for its popular iPhones, iPads and Mac computers.", u"The new features including enhancements to Siri, the company's voice-activated digital assistant, as well as Apple Pay, Apple Maps and the Apple Watch. Executives also mentioned a new streaming TV service that Apple is reportedly hoping to announce later this year.", u"Analysts say the new services and upgrades, which will be available when Apple releases free updates to its iOS and Mac OS software this fall, are part of a broader strategy to make Apple's devices indispensable.", u'While many companies make smartphones and computers, "Apple\'s crown jewels are its software and online services," said analyst Daniel Ives, who follows tech companies for FBR Capital Markets.', u'Some of the new features could provide new profits for the tech powerhouse. But perhaps more importantly, they may help keep customers from defecting to rivals like Google, which showed off new features for its competing Android mobile software at its event last month.', u"Here's a look at the new features Apple announced:", u'Apple Music', u'The service represents a chance for Apple to come from behind in a digital music field that it once led. With a lengthy three-month free trial, a $15-a-month plan for up to six family members, and the ability to push the app to 100s of millions of ', u' and ', u' users, the launch could mark a major milestone in digital music.', u"Besides offering the new subscription plan, the app also will continue to allow download purchases from iTunes. It will be available this summer for Apple devices and Windows PCs, and in a break from Apple's usual practice, it will also be released as an app for Android devices this fall.", u'The live radio station, called "Beats 1," puts a twist on Internet radio, a field led by Pandora, by having human DJs host a constant stream of talk and music from Los Angeles, New York and London, led by former BBC host Zane Lowe.', u'The company is also touting a feature called "Connect," which artists can use to share notes, recordings and photos with their fans who subscribe to Apple Music.', u'"Apple Music is the next chapter in music," CEO Tim Cook told an estimated 5,000 software developers attending the conference. "It\'ll change the way you experience music forever."', u'SIRI', u"Apple's voice-activated digital assistant will be integrated into the new music service, so subscribers can ask it to play songs from movie soundtracks, find hit songs from a certain year, or create playlists from top songs in different genres.", u'Siri is also gaining more intelligence, according to Apple executives, who demonstrated by having Siri do things like search an iPhone-users\' photos with a voice command, such as "Show me pictures from San Francisco last July."', u'With the coming software update, Siri also will be able to anticipate certain requests and remember websites, said Apple senior vice president Craig Federighi. So, a user can tell Siri to "remember this" and it will later show a link to a website viewed earlier.', u'Siri will also gain the ability to search within apps loaded on the iPhone, to provide links to information from a restaurant or food app, for example.', u'APPLE PAY', u'Along with making payments tied to a credit or debit card, Apple Pay will soon incorporate store-issued payment cards and rewards from loyalty programs offered by merchants like Walgreens and Dunkin Donuts. That could be a key to making the service more useful for shoppers, according to analysts at Forrester Research.', u"Apple says Apple Pay has been quickly embraced by shoppers and merchants since it was launched last fall, but it hasn't released many financial details. Forrester analysts said in an email that the idea of paying with a smartphone in stores is still new and it's unclear if consumers view it as a novelty or an essential shopping tool.", u'APPLE WATCH:', u"Apple announced an update to the watch operating system and said it will release the programming tools that independent developers need to build apps that can interact directly with the watch's hardware and sensors.", u"The watch still requires a link to the iPhone to perform many functions, but Apple's Kevin Lynch said the new software upgrade will let the watch connect directly to Wi-fi networks, so it will be able to provide some services even if the owner's iPhone isn't nearby.", u'While tech experts see big opportunities in wearable devices, some consumers are "still on the fence," said app-builder Jordan Edelson of Appetizer Mobile. He said the new app-building tools will help developers show how useful the watch can be.', u'Apple did not release any sales figures for the watch, which it began selling in April.', u'___', u'Nakashima reported from Los Angeles.', u'http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/09/technology/apple-wwdc-2015.html']), ([u'Exclusive: Chipmaker Atmel Exploring Sale-Sources'], [u'(Reuters) - Atmel Corp, a maker of small processors called microcontrollers that are used in a variety of electronics, is exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, three people familiar with the matter said on Monday.', u'Mid-sized semiconductor makers are becoming attractive takeover targets for larger semiconductor players looking to round out their capabilities with chips for cars, watches and other devices that will interact with each other in what is referred to as the "Internet of Things".', u'Atmel, which has a market capitalization of around $4 billion, is working with investment bank Qatalyst Partners on a  sale process, two of the people said. There is no certainty that Atmel will decide to sell itself, the people added.', u'The sources asked not to be identified because the sale process is confidential. Atmel declined to comment while Qatalyst did not respond to a request for comment.', u'Atmel shares rose as much as 7.2 percent on the news before ending trading on Monday at $9.75, up 3.6 percent.', u'Based in San Jose, California, Atmel manufactures microcontrollers and other hardware that can be used in "Internet of Things" technology. Atmel supplies these components to "wearables" products, including smart watches and fitness bands, according to its website.', u"Atmel's longtime chief executive officer, Steve Laub, said in May that he would retire at the end of August, a move that may have contributed to the company's decision to explore alternatives, some of the sources said.", u"In the first quarter of 2015, Atmel's adjusted net profit fell to $45.1 million, or 11 cents per share, compared with $49.2 million or 12 cents per share, a year earlier. It is forecasting revenue between $310 million and $326 million in the second quarter and gross margins of about 48 percent. It generated annual revenue of $1.41 billion last year.", u'Atmel may appeal to semiconductor companies that want to sell analog components, such as sensors, or power management parts along with microcontrollers. Chipmakers ON Semiconductor Corp and Microchip Technology Inc launched a joint hostile bid for the company in 2008 that they eventually withdrew.', u'The semiconductor industry has been a highly active area in dealmaking recently, with large-scale deals announced in recent weeks such as Avago Technologies Ltd purchasing Broadcom Corp and Intel Corp buying Altera Corp.', u'Some $80 billion in semiconductor M&A has been racked up so far this year, the biggest year for chip deals since 2000, according to Reuters data.', u'(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Chris Reese and Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'More Deals Seen in Chips as Internet of Things Blooms'], [u'NEW YORK/SEATTLE \u2014  With the biggest year in chip deals since 2000 not even halfway through, mid-sized semiconductor makers appear to be prime takeover targets as the largest players look to round out their capabilities and turn their focus to chips for cars, watches and other devices, making the "Internet of Things" a reality.', u'Bigger is better is the new mantra, as more technologies are being squeezed onto chips and customers want to deal with integrated suppliers that can offer the broadest range of products.', u'"You want to be the supplier that has the most capability," said Ernie Ruehl, managing director at Credit Suisse.', u'Credit Suisse advised NXP Semiconductors on its deal with Freescale Semiconductor, which kicked off the current wave of chip mergers in March, and was one of the advisers to Avago Technologies in its $37 billion deal for Broadcom Corp last week.', u'Bigger companies can better afford the ever-rising cost of design and manufacturing.', u'"A leading-edge design can cost $150 million to $200 million, which means that you have to be able to generate four times the revenue to get a return on investment," said Mario Morales, an analyst at tech research firm IDC.', u'Companies that make analog and mixed-signal chips - a mixture of analog and digital - are in demand, analysts said. Analog chips process real-world signals such as sound and light, so they are central to smartphones and devices connected to the Internet.', u'As a result, companies like Maxim Integrated Products Inc, Linear Technology Corp, Intersil Corp, Silicon Laboratories Inc, Analog Devices Inc and M/A-COM Technology are under the spotlight.', u'Another closely related subsector is microcontrollers, essentially small computers used in automatically controlled products like car engines or implanted medical devices. Smaller microcontroller makers include Atmel Corp and Renesas Electronics Corp.', u'The big chip makers, such as Intel Corp, Texas Instruments Inc and Qualcomm Inc, want to beef up in just those areas.', u'This thirst for growth has helped spur semiconductor stocks to new heights, with the PHLX Semiconductor Sector index last month hitting its highest since 2001.', u'As a result, valuations are growing, but not out of line with technology in general. Potential target NVIDIA Corp is trading at 24 times estimated profit for the next 12 months, and Xilinx Inc, Analog Devices and Marvell Technology Group are at around 21 times, according to Reuters data. Semiconductors as a group have historically traded about 15 times.', u'But high valuations have not stopped the pace of deals or the premiums companies are willing to pay as low interest rates provide a source of cheap capital. Intel is offering about 35 times expected earnings for Altera Corp.', u'After barely five months, $80 billion in semiconductor M&A has been racked up this year, according to Reuters data. In the last two weeks alone, Avago and Broadcom announced their deal and Intel moved to buy Altera.', u'More deal activity is brewing. Analog chip maker Exar Corp said last month it would look at strategic options. Cypress Semiconductor Corp has made an offer for Integrated Silicon Solution Inc but has so far been rebuffed. The chief executive officer of Lattice Semiconductor Corp told Reuters this week he was open to a sale, but only for a big premium.', u'(Additional reporting by Liana Baker in New York, Noel Randewich in San Francisco and Lehar Maan in Bangalore; Editing by Steve Trousdale and David Gregorio)']), ([u'Apple Said to Build High-Speed Data Network: Bloomberg'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers, to compete better with Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the plans.', u"The plan entails connecting Apple's data centers in California, Nevada, North Carolina and Oregon, and others to get content closer to Internet hubs in some densely populated markets, Bloomberg reported. (", u')', u'Apple is seeking to handle more traffic on its own, without renting server space from cloud providers such as Amazon and Microsoft.', u"While Apple hasn't disclosed total costs, investments will run into the billions, Bloomberg reported.", u'Apple will stick with most of its existing vendors, and is mainly seeking to bolster its current infrastructure, according to the report.', u'Apple declined to comment on the report.', u'The iPhone maker said in February it would spend 1.7 billion euros ($1.9 billion) to build two data centers in Europe.', u"Apple said the centers, in Ireland and Denmark, would power Apple's online services, including the iTunes Store, App Store, iMessage, Maps and Siri for customers in Europe.", u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'Children Learn to Write by Teaching Robots'], [u'By Matthew Stock', u'Researchers in Switzerland have designed a system where children teach robot students how to write, and in the process improve their own handwriting skills. This learning by teaching paradigm, they say, could engage unmotivated students as well as boost their self-confidence.', u"The prototype system, called CoWriter, was developed by researchers at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology (EPFL) in Lausanne. A humanoid robot, designed to be likeable and interact with humans, is presented with a word that the child spells out in plastic letters. The robot recognizes the word and tries to write it, with its attempt appearing on a tablet. The child then identifies and corrects the robot's errors by re-writing the word or specific letters.", u"S\xe9verin Lemaignan, one of the authors of the study, said the research was based on a recognized principle in pedagogy known as 'the prot\xe9g\xe9 effect'.", u'"The robot is facing difficulties to write. So the child as a teacher tends to commit itself to help the robot. And this is what we call in psychology \'the prot\xe9g\xe9 effect\'; it [the child] will try to protect this robot and help him to progress. And it\'s a pretty well known fact that if the robot fails and keeps on failing and not improve its handwriting, the child will feel responsible for that. And by just relying on this effect we can really engage the children into a sustained interaction with the robot," explained Lemaignan.', u'Previous studies have shown that when children experience difficulties in writing, they can lose confidence or eventually withdraw from the learning process. This can have a knock-on effect for their entire education. But a program like CoWriter, where students put themselves in the place of the teacher and pass on what they know to their peers, can help them regain self-esteem and motivation.', u'Lemaignan said their system makes the robot play the role of the peer who is the worst student in the class.', u'"The idea here is to introduce a new role for the robot; the robot is the worst writer in the classroom. And for children who did face difficulties and were before the worst students, there\'s now one who is even worse than them."', u"The scientists developed progressive writing algorithms and programed them into an existing commercially available robot called 'Nao', developed by French company Aldebaran Robotics. Their algorithms include a large database of handwriting examples that allow the robot to clumsily draw words on demand, and then gradually improve as it 'learns' from the child's teaching.", u"The CoWriter system, still in the prototype stage, has so far been used in controlled experiments to verify that the algorithms meet the children's needs and have the desired outcome. In preliminary tests it was used in primary school lessons with about seventy students ranging from six to eight years old, and then individually with a six year old child for one hour per week over the course of a month. The researchers now plan to conduct further studies with the hope of producing tangible results that show the benefits of such a program.", u'The team hopes their research will be the basis for an innovative use for robotics which addresses a widespread challenge in education.', u'However, any teachers that may feel their livelihoods under threat need not worry, says Lemaignan', u'"Many people ask if this sort of technology could simply replace teachers. And... no. The key point is the robot plays a role that the teacher cannot play, that is the bad writer. But it doesn\'t replace in any way the teacher; the teacher is still the one who decides the kind of mistakes the robot could do, should do, has to do to address the specific difficulties, trouble that the given child face."']), ([u'Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers.', u'The Obama administration on Thursday disclosed the breach of computer systems at the Office of Personnel Management and said the records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees may have been compromised.', u'U.S. officials have said on condition of anonymity they believe the hackers are based in China, but Washington has not publicly blamed Beijing at a time when tensions are high over Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.', u'China has denied involvement.', u"It was the second computer break-in in less than a year at the OPM, the federal government's personnel office.", u'The first breach has been linked to earlier thefts of personal data from millions of records at Anthem Inc, the second largest U.S. health insurer, an attack also blamed on Chinese hackers, and Premera Blue Cross, a healthcare services provider.', u'Guidance Software, a cybersecurity firm, said the first signs of data "exfiltration" were originally detected with Einstein, a U.S. government intrusion detection system. That activity, it said, was eventually traced back to a machine under the control of Chinese intelligence.', u'"It\'s a different form of Cold War at this point," said   Rob Eggebrecht, co-founder and chief executive of Denver-based InteliSecure, a private cybersecurity firm.', u'Eggebrecht said his firm had seen a spike in attacks on private company networks by Chinese actors over the past three months. The latest was a previously undisclosed breach at a U.S. pharmaceutical group, which cost the firm hundreds of millions of dollars in sensitive research and development work.', u'Eggebrecht declined to identify the firm, which he said only learned of the major breach within the last 72 hours.', u'"We\'ve seen a huge uptick in opportunistic exfiltration of high-value data," he said, adding that the attack on the pharma company involved malicious software installed together with the Chinese-language search engine Baidu.', u'"DIZZYING RATE"', u'Admiral James Winnefeld, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a cyber conference at West Point military academy last month that U.S. adversaries like China and Russia were rapidly increasing their assaults on military networks.', u'"We\'re hemorrhaging information at a dizzying rate, evidenced by the uncanny similarity of some of our potential adversaries\' new platforms to those we\'ve been developing," said Winnefeld.', u'China has in recent years introduced two new stealth fighters that analysts say bear a striking resemblance to the ', u' and ', u' built by Lockheed Martin Corp. Lockheed redoubled security efforts focused on suppliers after a "significant and tenacious" attack on its computer networks in 2011 that was enabled by lax security at a supplier.', u'U.S. senators have added $200 million in funding to their proposed fiscal 2016 budget to fund a detailed study of the cyber vulnerabilities of major weapons systems.', u'The move came after the Pentagon\'s chief weapons tester told Congress that nearly every major weapons program tested in 2014 showed "significant vulnerabilities" to cyber attack, including  misconfigured and unpatched software.', u'U.S. government officials and cyber analysts say Chinese hackers are using high-tech tactics to build massive databases that could be used for traditional espionage goals, such as recruiting spies, or gaining access to secure data on other networks.', u'The latest incident gives hackers access to a treasure trove of personal information, including birth dates, ', u' numbers, previous addresses, and security clearances.', u'All that data could help hackers identify information about specific targets, including potential passwords for websites that may be portals to information about weapons systems or other research data.', u'"They can dig down into that data and learn more about the individuals, what their hobbies are, what their vices are, what skeletons they have in their closet," said Babak Pasdar, president and chief executive of Bat Blue Network, a cybersecurity firm.', u"He said he was involved in a recent case in which hackers gained access to private data of a website administrator by finding passwords on a public website linked to the person's hobby.", u'"This empowers the malevolent cyber actor to target a huge number of people with phishing and other schemes to reel in information," said one U.S. defense official. "The more targets you have, the more likely you are to score."', u'(Editing by Doina Chiacu, Mark Trevelyan & Kim Coghill)']), ([u'U.S. Lawmaker Blames China for Cyber Attack Against U.S. Government'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee said on Sunday the Chinese government was likely to have been behind the recent breach of U.S. government computers, which may have compromised the personal data of 4 million current and former federal employees.', u'The U.S. government last week said it was still investigating the source of the theft of data from the computer systems of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management, including security clearance information and background checks dating back three decades.', u'Given the nature of the hack and its targets, Republican Michael McCaul said he believed the attack had originated with the Chinese government.', u'"I believe in my judgment that all threat indicators point to the fact that it is China," McCaul said on CBS\'s "Face the Nation" program.', u'"It was not done to steal credit card information," he added. "It qualifies as espionage, and it raises all sorts of issues that we need to deal with."', u'Several U.S. officials had said on condition of anonymity that the hackers were believed to have been based in China, though it was not yet known if the Chinese government or criminal elements were involved.', u'"This was the most significant breach of federal networks in U.S. history," McCaul said.', u'The hacking raises questions about how the United States would respond if it confirmed the Chinese government was responsible.', u'Representative Peter King, a senior Republican member of the House Homeland Security Committee, was asked on "Fox News Sunday" if Washington needed to retaliate.', u'"I believe we do," he said. "But the fact is, nothing should be telegraphed in advance."', u'(Reporting by Anna Yukhananov; Editing by Kevin Liffey)']), ([u'HackerOne Connects Hackers With Companies, and Hopes for a Win-Win'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 In 2011, two Dutch hackers in their early 20s made a target list of 100 high-tech companies they would try to hack. Soon, they had found security vulnerabilities in Facebook, Google, Apple, Microsoft, Twitter and 95 other companies\u2019 systems.', u'They called their list the Hack 100.', u'When they alerted executives of those companies, about a third ignored them. Another third thanked them, curtly, but never fixed the flaws, while the rest raced to solve their issues. Thankfully for the young hackers, no one called the police.', u'Now the duo, Michiel Prins and Jobert Abma, are among the four co-founders of a San Francisco tech start-up that aims to become a mediator between companies with cybersecurity issues and hackers like them who are looking to solve problems rather than cause them. They hope their outfit, called HackerOne, can persuade other hackers to responsibly report security flaws, rather than exploit them, and connect those \u201cwhite hats\u201d with companies willing to pay a bounty for their finds.', u'In the last year, the start-up has persuaded some of the biggest names in tech \u2014 including Yahoo, Square and Twitter \u2014 and companies you might never expect, like banks and oil companies, to work with their service. They have also convinced venture capitalists that, with billions more devices moving online and flaws inevitable in each, HackerOne has the potential to be very lucrative. HackerOne gets a 20 percent commission on top of each bounty paid through its service.', u'\u201cEvery company is going to do this,\u201d said Bill Gurley, a partner at Benchmark, which invested $9 million in HackerOne. \u201cTo not try this is brain-dead.\u201d', u'The alternative to so-called moderated bug bounty programs is sticking with the current perverse incentive model. Hackers who find new holes in corporate systems can, depending on their severity, expect six-figure sums to sell their discovery to criminals or governments, where those vulnerabilities are stockpiled in cyberarsenals and often never fixed. Alternatively, when they pass the weaknesses to companies to get them fixed, the hackers are often ignored or threatened with jail.', u'In essence, the people with the skills to fix the Internet\u2019s security problems have more reasons to leave the web wide open to attack.', u'\u201cWe want to make it easy and rewarding for that next group of skilled hackers to have a viable career staying in defense,\u201d said Katie Moussouris, HackerOne\u2019s chief policy officer, who pioneered the bounty program at Microsoft. \u201cRight now, we\u2019re on the fence.\u201d', u'Mr. Prins and Mr. Abma started HackerOne with Merijn Terheggen, a Dutch entrepreneur living in Silicon Valley. The three met their fourth co-founder through the Hack 100 effort when they sent an email alerting Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook\u2019s chief operating officer, of a vulnerability in Facebook\u2019s systems. Ms. Sandberg didn\u2019t just thank them, she printed out their message, handed it to Alex Rice, Facebook\u2019s product security guru at the time, and told him to fix it. Mr. Rice invited the hackers to lunch, worked with them to fix the issue, paid them a $4,000 bounty and joined them a year later.', u'\u201cEvery technology has vulnerabilities, and if you don\u2019t have a public process for responsible hackers to report them, you are only going to find out about them through attacks in the black market,\u201d Mr. Rice said. \u201cThat is just unacceptable.\u201d', u'It is no secret that cybercriminals are constantly scanning corporate systems for weaknesses or that government agencies are stockpiling them. Cybercriminals used one such weakness in an air-conditioning service to break into Target\u2019s payment systems. Such flaws are critical to government surveillance efforts and crucial ingredients in cyberweapons like Stuxnet, the computer worm co-developed by the United States and Israel, which used several bugs to find a way into and destroy the uranium centrifuges in an Iranian nuclear facility.', u'So critical are bugs to government cyberarsenals that one American government agency paid a hacker ', u' in Apple\u2019s iOS operating system. Apple would have paid that hacker nothing to fix it. Another company may have called the police.', u'That is precisely the kind of perverse incentive \u2014 punishing hackers who fix bugs and rewarding those who never tell \u2014 that HackerOne wants to change.', u'Tech companies began rewarding hackers five years ago when Google started paying hackers $3,133.70 for bugs (31337 is hacker code for \u201celite\u201d). Since then, Google has paid as much as $150,000 for a single bounty and doled out more than $4 million to hackers. Mr. Rice and Ms. Moussouris helped pioneer the bounty programs at Facebook and Microsoft.', u'Others are finding that simply crediting hackers or sending them swag no longer cuts it. Ramses Martinez, Yahoo\u2019s director of security, said he started Yahoo\u2019s bounty program in 2013 ', u' for sending them T-shirts in exchange for four bugs that could have brought them thousands of dollars on the black market. Now Mr. Martinez says he considers bug bounties a \u201cno-brainer.\u201d', u'\u201cNow that enough big, well-known companies have gotten this going, a lot of the fear of these programs have been removed,\u201d he said.', u'But most companies still do not pay hackers for their finds, including Apple, which has reported around 100 security issues this year \u2014 some so severe that they enabled attackers to hijack users\u2019 passwords. Of course, with a $500,000 price tag attached to one Apple exploit \u2014 which is equivalent to the total payouts Microsoft has made to hackers to date \u2014 Apple\u2019s bounties would have to be pretty high to match market rates.', u'\u201cA lot of companies have hackers \u2014 they just don\u2019t know it,\u201d said Mr. Terheggen, now HackerOne\u2019s chief executive. \u201cThe bad guys are on there already. The good guys don\u2019t show up unless you invite them.\u201d', u'Olivier Beg, an 18-year-old hacker, said he began hacking services like PayPal and Facebook out of curiosity when he was just 13. What he found \u2014 10 bugs in PayPal and one in Facebook \u2014 earned him nearly $5,000. He persisted and has found bugs in 26 companies on HackerOne, and made over $40,000 in bounties.', u'He knows he has other options. A government broker once offered to pay $3,000 for a simple bug in Wordpress, a blogging platform, and said more severe vulnerabilities would pay much more. He refused. \u201cYou have no idea how it will be used, or who will use it,\u201d Mr. Beg said, adding that brokers require hackers to never tell anyone what they found, taking some of the fun out of the discovery.', u'About 1,500 hackers are on HackerOne\u2019s platform. They have fixed around 9,000 bugs and received more than $3 million in bounties. For companies that are just beginning to consider bug bounties, HackerOne offers them a community of reputable hackers and handles the back-end paperwork, including tax forms and payments.', u'HackerOne is not the only company in the space. It competes with the bounty programs its founders helped start at Facebook, Microsoft and Google (Chris Evans, an adviser to HackerOne, helped pioneer Google\u2019s bounty program). Some companies, like United Airlines, recently started their own bounty programs. United started offering hackers free frequent flier miles after a security researcher tweeted about vulnerabilities in the plane\u2019s in-flight Wi-Fi system and told the F.B.I. he had looked into the plane\u2019s networks while in flight.', u'HackerOne also competes with Bugcrowd, a similar start-up that charges companies an annual fee to manage their bounty programs. Bugcrowd works with young companies like Pinterest and institutions like Western Union.', u'HackerOne and its competitors may face a significant regulatory hurdle in the coming months. Officials are considering changes to the Wassenaar Arrangement, a 20-year-old export control agreement among 41 countries \u2014 Russia, European nations and the United States, among them \u2014 that would require researchers to get permission from governments before turning over exploits to a foreign company.', u'\u201cGovernments may not mind passing on low-severity issues, but critical issues may be another matter,\u201d said Kymberlee Price, Bugcrowd\u2019s senior director of security operations. \u201cShould we really leave it to the Russian government to decide whether a researcher can report a vulnerability to Citibank?\u201d']), ([u"CEO Says Orange 'in Israel to Stay'"], [u'PARIS \u2014  Orange has no plans to quit Israel, its chief executive officer said on Saturday, following a row this week over its plan to end a licensing deal there.', u"Israel protested to France after CEO Stephane Richard said the 25 percent state-owned telecoms group planned to terminate an arrangement with Israel's Partner Communications, drawing accusations Orange was bending to a pro-", u' boycott movement.', u'"Orange does not support any form of boycott, in Israel or anywhere else in the world," Richard said in comments emailed to news agency Agence France Presse and confirmed by an Orange spokesman.', u'"Our decision on the use of the brand is motivated - as it is all over the world - solely by our brand strategy. Let me make it very clear that the Orange Group is in Israel to stay."', u'Orange is present in Israel via Orange Business Services, Internet television unit Viaccess-Orca, and Orange laboratories.', u'Richard had been quoted by media reports as saying at a news conference in Cairo on Wednesday that he was willing to withdraw the Orange brand from Israel "tomorrow morning".', u'An Orange spokesman said there had been a "huge misunderstanding", and that Richard had not been referring to exiting the country.', u'In a recording of excerpts of the conference emailed by the spokesman, Richard said Orange had negotiated a termination date in the contract regarding the use of the Orange brand.', u'"Now...we have the capacity to terminate this contract in the future," he said. "Our intention is to terminate the contract. Our intention is as soon as possible from a contractual point of view and preserving our interests of course, our intention is to withdraw Orange brand from Israel."', u'He added: "Our group policy is not to license our brand when we\'re not the operator... There isn\'t a single country in the world where we do that, so there\'s no reason to do it in Israel either... We want to control our brand."', u'Partner said the only link between it and Orange was the brand, used by the Israeli company since 1998.', u'Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu this week demanded France publicly renounce what he called "the distressing statement and action" taken by Orange.', u"France's Foreign Ministry responded that Paris opposed any boycott of the Jewish state but stressed Orange was free to define its own policy.", u'France issued a warning to French investors a year ago that investments in Israeli settlement areas carried legal risks, a move which raised concerns in Israel.', u'French human rights groups have asked the government to encourage Orange to pull out of its relationship with its partner.', u'Israel has said the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement, sponsored by pro-Palestinian intellectuals and bloggers, is motivated by anti-Semitism and a desire to paint Israel as illegitimate.', u'(Reporting by James Regan, editing by William Hardy)']), ([u'House Memo Says U.S. Agency Knows Types of Data Exposed to Hackers'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Office of Personnel Management knows what types of data were exposed to hackers who broke into government computers but not what data was actually taken, a U.S. House of Representatives memo said on Friday.', u"The memo was sent to all House staff by Chief Administrative Officer Ed Cassidy, and was obtained by Reuters. Cassidy's office provides support services to the House, including cyber-security services.", u'(Reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers.', u'The Obama administration on Thursday disclosed the breach of computer systems at the Office of Personnel Management and said the records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees may have been compromised.', u'U.S. officials have said on condition of anonymity they believe the hackers are based in China, but Washington has not publicly blamed Beijing at a time when tensions are high over Chinese territorial claims in the South China Sea.', u'China has denied involvement.', u"It was the second computer break-in in less than a year at the OPM, the federal government's personnel office. The first breach has been linked to earlier thefts of personal data from millions of records at Anthem Inc, the second largest U.S. health insurer, an attack also blamed on Chinese hackers, and Premera Blue Cross, a healthcare services provider.", u'"It\'s a different form of Cold War at this point," said   Rob Eggebrecht, co-founder and chief executive of Denver-based InteliSecure, a private cybersecurity firm.', u'Eggebrecht said his firm had seen a spike in attacks on private company networks by Chinese actors over the past three months. The latest was a previously undisclosed breach at a U.S. pharmaceutical group, which cost the firm hundreds of millions of dollars in sensitive research and development work.', u'Eggebrecht declined to identify the firm, which he said only learned of the major breach within the last 72 hours.', u'"We\'ve seen a huge uptick in opportunistic exfiltration of high-value data," he said, adding that the attack on the pharma company involved malicious software installed together with the Chinese-language search engine Baidu.', u'"DIZZYING RATE"', u'Admiral James Winnefeld, vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, told a cyber conference at West Point military academy last month that U.S. adversaries like China and Russia were rapidly increasing their assaults on military networks.', u'"We\'re hemorrhaging information at a dizzying rate, evidenced by the uncanny similarity of some of our potential adversaries\' new platforms to those we\'ve been developing," said Winnefeld, one of a growing number of U.S. officials who argue for striking back at attackers to create more of a deterrent.', u'China has in recent years introduced two new stealth fighters that analysts say bear a striking resemblance to the ', u' and ', u' built by Lockheed Martin Corp. Lockheed redoubled security efforts focused on suppliers after a "significant and tenacious" attack on its computer networks in 2011 that was enabled by lax security at a supplier.', u'U.S. senators have added $200 million in funding to their proposed fiscal 2016 budget to fund a detailed study of the cyber vulnerabilities of major weapons systems.', u'The move came after the Pentagon\'s chief weapons tester told Congress that nearly every major weapons program tested in 2014 showed "significant vulnerabilities" to cyber attack, including  misconfigured and unpatched software.', u'U.S. government officials and cyber analysts say Chinese hackers are using high-tech tactics to build massive databases that could be used for traditional espionage goals, such as recruiting spies, or gaining access to secure data on other networks.', u'The latest incident gives hackers access to a treasure trove of personal information, including birthdates, ', u' numbers, previous addresses, and security clearances.', u'All that data could help hackers identify information about specific targets, including potential passwords for websites that may be portals to information about weapons systems or other research data.', u'"They can dig down into that data and learn more about the individuals, what their hobbies are, what their vices are, what skeletons they have in their closet," said Babak Pasdar, president and chief executive of Bat Blue Network, a cybersecurity firm.', u"He said he was involved in a recent case in which hackers gained access to private data of a website administrator by finding passwords on a public website linked to the person's hobby.", u'"This empowers the malevolent cyber actor to target a huge number of people with phishing and other schemes to reel in information," said one U.S. defense official. "The more targets you have, the more likely you are to score."', u'(Editing by Doina Chiacu and Mark Trevelyan)']), ([u'Apple Wants a Lead Role in Streaming Music'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Apple's iTunes helped change the way music-lovers bought their favorite songs, replacing plastic discs with digital downloads. Now the maker of iPods and iPhones wants to carve out a leading role in a revolution well underway, with a new, paid streaming-music service set to launch this summer.", u'With millions of listeners already tuning in to streaming outlets like Pandora and Spotify, analysts and music-industry sources say Apple has been gearing up to launch its own service, aimed at winning back some of those customers and nudging longtime iTunes users into a new mode of listening.', u"Apple is expected to announce the service at its annual conference for software developers, which kicks off Monday in San Francisco. In a keynote session, CEO Tim Cook and other executives are also expected to show off new features in Apple's operating software for iPhones, iPads and Macintosh computers, as well as tools for building new apps for the Apple Watch. Analysts also expect enhancements to the mobile-payment service known as Apple Pay.", u"The world's biggest tech company makes most of its money from selling handheld gadgets, like the popular ", u', and other computer hardware. But Apple uses its annual World Wide Developers Conference to highlight the software, online services and apps that make those devices indispensable to consumers around the world.', u"Along with a new music service, industry experts had been expecting Apple to announce a new streaming-video package and upgrades for its Apple TV service. But that may be delayed, according to reports by the New York Times and the tech blog Re/code, which said Apple is still negotiating with broadcasters and isn't ready to announce the video service.", u"That puts the spotlight on Apple's music initiative. Analysts say the company needs to build a robust streaming business if it wants to maintain its central role in the popular-music ecosystem. Most recordings today are still sold through digital stores like iTunes, which opened in 2003. But those sales have declined, while streaming services are rapidly gaining subscribers and revenue.", u'"Streaming media is increasingly important to the computer-using experience, so it\'s important for Apple to have a role there," said Creative Strategies analyst Ben Bajarin.', u'About 41 million people globally now pay for streaming music from Spotify, Deezer and other outlets, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, which says subscription revenue grew 39 percent last year to $1.6 billion. Overall download sales fell 8 percent to $3.6 billion.', u"Apple Inc. bought the Beats headphone maker and music streaming service for $3 billion last year, but publishers' data confirmed by royalty tracking company Audiam shows Beats Music had just 303,000 U.S. subscribers as of December, compared to 4.7 million in the U.S. for market leader Spotify.", u"While Apple wouldn't comment last week, a person familiar with its plans said Apple has an ambitious goal to sign up 100 million subscribers for a new streaming service that will cost $10 a month and compete with other on-demand services such as Spotify and Rhapsody. Beats users will be migrated over before eventually closing down, and buyers of songs and albums on iTunes will also be presented with the option to purchase a subscription instead.", u'Along with a lengthy three-month free trial period for the paid service, the company also plans to bolster its free offering, iTunes Radio, with a live online radio station featuring DJs like former BBC host Zane Lowe and artists Pharell, Drake, Muse and David Guetta.', u'The person spoke on condition of anonymity because negotiations between the company and record labels were private.', u'"They are very late to the game on streaming," said analyst Van Baker at the Gartner research firm. But he said Apple can still catch up by making it easy for iPhone owners to use the new service. That\'s a huge pool of potential customers: Apple sold 61 million iPhones in the last quarter alone.', u'Aside from music, analysts expect Apple will tout improvements to other services like Apple Pay and Siri, the voice-activated digital assistant for iPhones and iPads. Apple has also hinted it will release programming tools for its new smartwatch.', u'Most apps available for the Apple Watch are extensions of apps that run on the iPhone. Independent app-builders like Jordan Edelson, CEO of Appetizer Mobile, are hoping Apple will release the code to build apps that interact directly with sensors and controls on the watch.', u'"That would let us build some really cool experiences," added Edelson, who said it could make the watch more appealing to consumers who aren\'t sure now if they need one.', u'Edelson also predicted Apple will introduce software that ties other products more closely together, such as apps that make the iPhone into a controller for television sets and other appliances.', u'That\'s a smart strategy, said Forrester Research analyst Frank Gillett. "Once you start organizing your life around Apple products, you\'re less likely to ditch your iPhone and go over to Android," he said, referring to the competing technology from Apple\'s rival, Google.', u'___', u'Nakashima reported from Los Angeles.']), ([u'U.S. Benghazi Panel to Hear From Clinton Friend in Private on June 16'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  A U.S. congressional panel investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Friday said it would meet behind closed doors on June 16 to hear from Sidney Blumenthal, a longtime friend of Hillary Clinton who was an unofficial adviser while she was secretary of state.', u'Congressional investigators had issued a subpoena seeking testimony from Blumenthal. He emailed private intelligence reports to Clinton on events in Libya before and after the deadly attacks by militants that killed four Americans including  U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens.', u"Blumenthal's emails cited information from Tyler Drumheller, a former senior CIA officer. Some of Blumenthal's emails discussed information Drumheller's sources gave him about the Benghazi attack.", u"Blumenthal, a former senior adviser on President Bill Clinton's White House staff, has pledged to cooperate with the Benghazi committee probing the attacks. The panel's chairman, Republican Representative Trey Gowdy, says there are still many questions about what happened in Benghazi.", u'Democrats say Republicans are using the committee to try to discredit Clinton as she runs for president in 2016.', u"Blumenthal's correspondence with Clinton was released to the public by the State Department last month as part of 850 pages of her emails having to do with Libya. Copies of these emails had been provided to the Benghazi committee months earlier for its investigation.", u'In the coming months the State Department also plans to release to the public thousands of other emails that Clinton sent or received on a private account she created and ran through a server based in her home.', u'(Reporting by Emily Stephenson; editing by Sandra Maler, Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Google to Release Monthly Data on Self-Driving Car Accidents'], [u'(Reuters) - Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars.', u'The report for May showed Google cars had been involved in 12 accidents since the company first began testing its self-driving cars in 2009, mostly involving rear-ending. (', u')', u'Google said one of its vehicles was rear-ended at a stoplight in California on Thursday, bringing the total count to 13 accidents.', u'"That could mean that the vehicles tend to stop more quickly than human drivers expect," public interest group Consumer Watchdog said.', u'A Google spokeswoman said the consumer watchdog conclusion was erroneous because most of the rear-end accidents occurred when the vehicle was stopped.', u'Consumer Watchdog called for more details on the accidents, including statements from witnesses and other drivers.', u'None of these accidents were caused by a fault with the car, Google said.', u"Google's self-driving-car program director, Chris Urmson, said in May that the cars have been involved in 11 accidents. (", u')', u"The accidents mostly involved Google's self-driving Lexus RX450h sport utility vehicles.", u'Google is about to take its pod-like prototype vehicles off the test track and on to Mountain View, California, roads this summer. The company described the two-seater car as "the world\'s first fully self-driving vehicle."', u'Built in Detroit by auto supplier Roush Industries, the prototypes will be equipped with removable steering wheels, brake pedals and accelerator pedals so test engineers can "take over driving if needed," Urmson said in May.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian and Leslie Adler)']), ([u'Updating the Mac\u2019s Software'], [u' ', u' Any update with \u201csecurity\u201d in the name is usually important, and some versions of OS X can ', u' for you. Security patches are designed to close off vulnerabilities in the software and generally keep your Mac safer.', u' has been annually updating OS X for the last several years and the new versions can bring some nice features. As with any operating system update, though, you could experience quirks, bugs and a learning curve as you get used to it. Depending on your hardware, a new system may run more slowly on older Macs than on the newer models, although system updates are usually intended to improve speed. Apple ', u' if your Mac feels sluggish, including clearing space on an overstuffed hard drive. ', u' usually have their own advice as well.', u'If you are nervous about updating to a new version of OS X or installing a major upgrade to a favorite app, wait a few days after its release and then check Apple\u2019s ', u' or Mac-blog forums; the support pages for your other Mac apps may also detail any known issues. If there are major problems plaguing the software, odds are someone will be complaining about it online and you can better decide if the update is worthwhile for you. The crowd-sourced ', u' has tested more than 600 apps to see if they run on various versions of OS X, and is another good site to consult.', u'Apple is not shy ', u' advertising each new edition of OS X in the Mac App Store, even if you have decided to skip it. To avoid seeing OS X update notices all the time, open the App Store by clicking its icon in the Mac\u2019s Dock. When the Store window opens, click the Updates tab. When you see the large banner urging you to upgrade, right-click (or hold down the Control key and click) on the banner and choose \u201cHide Update.\u201d', u'Apple\u2019s ', u' begins on June 8', u', and the company traditionally uses the event to announce its next iteration of OS X. If you have not upgraded to the current OS X Yosemite yet, another new version of the Mac\u2019s operating system will most likely be available before the end of the year.', u' ', u' Most power adapters do feel quite warm to the touch, especially if you have the laptop turned on and are working as you recharge. This is normal. Just make sure you have plenty of ventilation around the charger and laptop while they are plugged in so heat does not get trapped under mounds of magazines, papers and other desk debris.', u'But if the charger is so hot that it hurts to hold it \u2014 or it smells like burning plastic when it is plugged in \u2014 you should disconnect it immediately and investigate further. Check the length of the cord for damage to the outer casing, particularly if you have house pets that like to chew, as some animals have a taste for electronic accessories.', u'You should also examine the tip of the cord and the power jack on the laptop. Look for broken or bent pins inside \u2014 or anything else obstructing the plug and port. An incomplete or faulty connection could be preventing the charger from working properly.', u'If you have the power adapter plugged in and the laptop on, check the computer\u2019s battery icon to see if it is actually charging. If the charging icon in not steadily visible, the adapter may be malfunctioning.', u'Broken power adapters for electronic devices are potential fire hazards. To be on the safe side, consider getting a replacement approved by your laptop\u2019s manufacturer, or just ordering another one directly from the company. Third-party adapters are often less expensive but can vary in quality, so research any product before buying it. The ', u' has occasionally issued recalls for ', u' from manufacturers, and the agency\u2019s database is worth a search if you want to be really diligent.']), ([u'Ellen Pao Sought $2.7 Million to Settle Kleiner Lawsuit-Filing'], [u'(Reuters) - Ellen Pao, a former partner at Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers, sought a $2.7 million settlement after a jury rejected her claims that the venture capital firm discriminated against her, according to a court filing on Friday.', u"A San Francisco jury cleared Kleiner Perkins in March of claims it short-circuited Pao's career because she is a woman, a case that helped spark a wide discussion about gender at the center of the U.S. technology industry. Pao has said she will appeal.", u'After the verdict, Kleiner sought to recover about $973,000 in litigation costs from Pao, a figure Pao claims is unwarranted. Kleiner offered to waive its costs request if Pao chose not to appeal.', u'In a court filing on Friday, Kleiner said Pao offered after the verdict to drop the case for $2.7 million. Kleiner spokeswoman Christina Lee said the firm "has no intention of accepting this unreasonable demand."', u'A spokeswoman for Pao declined to comment. The $2.7 million figure was earlier reported by tech website Re/code.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine in New York; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Charter Tells FCC Net Neutrality Has Not Affected Its Investments'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  New U.S. ', u' regulations have not affected how Charter Communications Inc invests in building its telecoms networks, Chief Executive Tom Rutledge told Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler this week.', u"In a meeting with Wheeler and other FCC officials, disclosed in a government filing on Friday, Rutledge discussed Charter's $56 billion takeover bid for bigger rival Time Warner Cable Inc, which the FCC must approve.", u"One big issue overshadowing telecom mergers is the FCC's recent passage of new Internet traffic regulations, which AT&T and trade groups representing cable and wireless broadband providers, including Charter, are fighting in court. In their court case, they cite threats to innovation and investment among other factors.", u'Rutledge, however, told Wheeler that "the commission\u2019s decision to reclassify broadband Internet access under Title II has not altered Charter\u2019s approach of investing significantly in its network to deliver cutting edge services," according to the disclosure of the June 2 meeting.', u"A federal appeals court is currently weighing the telecom and cable companies' request to delay implementation of the net neutrality rules, which are slated to go into effect on June 12.", u"The industry particularly has rejected the FCC's move to reclassify broadband Internet as a more heavily regulated telecommunications service under Title II of the communications law, though Charter executives have in the past suggested that the new regulatory regime may be acceptable as long as the FCC waives unrelated parts of Title II as promised.", u'All large cable and wireless carriers, including Charter, have said they do not object to the specific net neutrality rules that prohibit them from blocking and slowing down access to websites and applications, or striking deals with content companies for prioritized delivery of their traffic.', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Peter Galloway)']), ([u"White House: 'No Conclusion' on Who Is Behind Cyber Breach of U.S. Data"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The White House said on Friday that "no conclusion" had been reached about the origin of a massive cybersecurity breach at the U.S. agency that collects personnel information for federal employees.', u'White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the scope of the attack on federal government data was still being investigated. He said the Office of Personnel Management on Monday would begin notifying employees whose data may have been accessed.', u'(Reporting by Roberta Rampton and Susan Heavey; Writing by Emily Stephenson; Editing by Doina Chiacu)']), ([u'U.S. Investigating Cyber Breach as National Security Matter: Official'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  A cyber breach into U.S. government workers' personnel data is being investigated as a national security matter, meaning it may have originated from a foreign government, a U.S. official told Reuters.", u'National security investigations are used to probe actions thought to have originated from a state entity or terrorist organization, and the actor in the recent breach is not thought to be a terrorist organization, the official said.', u'Investigators have been probing China as a possible culprit, U.S. officials said on Thursday, though it was unclear at the time whether a government or citizens acting independently were responsible.', u'The hackers broke into ', u'ernment computers, possibly compromising the personal data of 4 million current and former federal employees.', u'The FBI said it is investigating the attack and aimed to find those responsible.', u'Asked about the role China may have played, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said on Friday there is "no conclusion about the attribution" of the attack.', u'The Chinese Embassy in Washington said on Thursday that jumping to conclusions was "not responsible, and counterproductive."', u'(Reporting By Julia Edwards; Editing by Sandra Maler)']), ([u"Medical Data, Cybercriminals' Holy Grail, Now Espionage Target"], [u'SINGAPORE \u2014  Whoever was behind the latest theft of personal data from U.S. government computers, they appear to be following a new trend set by cybercriminals: targeting increasingly valuable medical records and personnel files.', u'This data, experts say, is worth a lot more to cybercriminals than, say, credit card information. And the Office of Personnel Management (OPM) breach revealed on Thursday suggests cyberspies may now also be finding value in it.', u'Cyber investigators from iSight Partners said they had linked the OPM hack to earlier thefts of healthcare records from Anthem Inc, a health insurance company, and Premera Blue Cross, a healthcare services provider. Tens of millions of records may have been lost in those attacks.', u'All three breaches have one thing in common, said John Hultquist of Dallas-based iSight. While cyberespionage usually focuses on stealing commercial or government secrets, these attacks targeted personally identifiable information.\xa0', u'The stolen data "doesn\'t appear to have been monetized and the actors seem to have connections to cyberespionage activity", said Hultquist, adding that none of the data taken in the earlier attacks had turned up for sale on underground forums.', u'A source close the matter said U.S. authorities were looking into a possible China connection to the breach at OPM, which compromised the personal data of 4 million current and former federal employees.', u'Several U.S. states were already investigating a Chinese link to the Anthem attack in February, a person familiar with the matter has said.', u'China routinely denies involvement in hacking, and on Friday a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry in Beijing said suggestions it was involved in the OPM breach were "irresponsible and unscientific".', u'Hultquist said iSight could not confirm that China was behind the attacks, but similar methods, servers and habits of the hackers pointed to a single state-sponsored group.', u'BLACK MARKET FLOODED', u'Security researchers say that medical data and personnel records have become more valuable to cybercriminals than credit card data.', u'The price of stolen credit cards has fallen in online black markets, in part because massive breaches have spiked supply.', u'"The market has been flooded," said Ben Ransford, co-founder of security start-up Virta Laboratories.\xa0', u'The result: medical information can be worth 10 times as much as a credit card number.', u'Fraudsters use this data to create fake IDs to buy medical equipment or drugs that can be resold, or they combine a patient number with a false provider number and file made-up claims with insurers.', u'State-sponsored hackers may not be after money, but would also be interested in such data because they could then build a clearer picture of their target.', u'That, said Philip Lieberman of security software company Lieberman Software, would increase the chances of any targeted email attack, or spear phish, successfully obtaining confidential data.', u'Others said that, given the data affected included job histories, those targets might be in other government departments. "It\'s likely this is less about money and more about gaining deeper access to other systems and agencies," said Mark Bower of HP Security Voltage, a data security company.\xa0', u'This interest in more granular data is pushing hackers of all stripes into more inventive ways of penetrating the defenses of hospitals and other institutions holding such data.', u'TrapX, a cybersecurity company, said it had discovered criminal gangs from Russia and China infecting medical devices such as X-Ray systems and blood gas analyzers to find their way into servers from which they stole personnel and patient data.\xa0', u'Other security researchers agreed this kind of attack was becoming more common.', u'Billy Rios, founder of security company Laconicly, said he had found infected systems while working with several healthcare organizations. "Clinical software is riddled with security vulnerabilities," he said.', u'A survey by think-tank the Ponemon Institute issued last month said that more than 90 percent of healthcare organizations surveyed had lost data, most of it to hackers.', u'"This is going to get worse before it gets better," said Carl Wright, of TrapX, which discovered the breaches via medical devices.\xa0', u'(Editing by Alex Richardson)']), ([u'Iranian Entrepreneurs Thirst for Foreign Funding, Expertise'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Tohid Tasoujian is a co-founder of online fashion store Taxi Moda and one of a growing breed of Internet entrepreneurs in sanctions-hit Iran.', u'He set out his stall this week at a conference of more than 80 Iranian start-ups in Berlin, the biggest event of its kind outside Iran, as the country gears up for a possible easing of sanctions imposed because of its nuclear program.', u'A graphic designer, Tasoujian went back to school three years ago to study for an MBA at the University of Tehran. When he graduated, ecommerce was on the rise, and he persuaded a friend to found the digital shopping platform with him.', u'"I liked graphic design but I thought: \'We can do more,\'" the 38-year-old told Reuters.', u"The desire to do more is gripping an increasing number of young, tech-savvy Iranians, who have used their country's isolation under U.S. and EU sanctions as well as domestic censorship of foreign rivals to develop home-grown versions of Amazon, eBay or YouTube.", u'A support system of mentors, seed funders and venture-capital funds has begun to take shape, but financing can still be hard to find and, while Iran produces many top-class computer engineers, business experience is still scarce.', u'"Access to finance for start-ups is still at a very nascent stage," Mohsen Malayeri, co-founder of the Iran Entrepreneurship Association, told Reuters at the iBridge conference.', u'"We have talented engineers but understanding market dynamics is different."', u"Some Iranian start-ups have flourished with backing from Sarava, Iran's first venture-capital fund, which has invested in online retailer Digikala and Google Android app store Cafe Bazaar, two of Iran's best-known Internet companies.", u"Digikala went on to attract a $10 million investment from a European fund last year, making headlines as this valued the company at $150 million, while Cafe Bazaar's co-founder Hessam Armandehi is a poster child for Iran's high-tech scene.", u'"We tried to create a Silicon-Valley culture inside Iran. It\'s a hard thing to create. It\'s very different from the mindset of investors and the government there," said 29-year-old Armandehi, who has founded two other start-ups.', u"Cafe Bazaar, which offers mostly Iranian apps for social media, messaging and other uses, is already used by 21 million of Iran's estimated 30 million smartphone owners and is growing at a rate of about 35 percent every quarter, Armandehi said.", u'His example has given hope to other entrepreneurs that they need not leave Iran to find success in the United States or Europe - as many continue to do in a brain drain that has been going on for decades.', u"That is also the hope of the conference's organizers, a community of expatriate Iranians that started in Silicon Valley, home to many prominent entrepreneurs of Iranian origin including former eBay chairman Pierre Omidyar and ex-Yahoo technology chief Farzad Nazem.", u'TIPPING POINT', u'"We said maybe we should hold a conference because whenever Iran is mentioned in the media it\'s always bad news," said iBridges core member Kamran Elahian, co-founder of multiple start-ups including Cirrus Logic and now primarily a venture capitalist and philanthropist.', u"The first iBridge conference was held at the University of California, Berkeley, last year and just 20 Iranians managed to get visas. A key reason for holding the next one in Berlin was the German government's willingness to give 300 visas, he said.", u"Silicon Valley angel investor Dave McClure, a friend of Alahian's, was a star attraction at the Berlin conference and found himself surrounded by dozens of hopefuls frantically pitching their companies.", u'McClure, though, said he had no imminent plans to invest in Iran, although its 81 million-strong population dominated by well-educated people under 35 made it an intriguing prospect.', u'"I\'m here to meet people who are interesting and smart," he told Reuters. "We will do some investment in Iran as soon as the U.S. lets us."', u'That cautious approach is echoed by most, but not all, foreign investors.', u'The European fund that bought the Digikala stake - which has not gone public about its investment - got a license from its home government because the business was not in a sanctioned industry. But the process was difficult, said Griffon Capital co-founder Xanyar Kamangar, who advised on the deal.', u"And Germany's Rocket Internet, which is building a global ecommerce empire by replicating proven Internet businesses in emerging and frontier markets, is poised to enter Iran through a joint venture with South Africa's MTN.", u'The venture, Middle East Internet Group (MEIG), was founded in 2013 and has operations in six countries in the region, mainly in the Gulf. Telecoms operator MTN is a minority shareholder in Iranian carrier Irancell.', u'MEIG however is not operating in Iran yet, a Rocket spokesman said.', u"Any lifting of sanctions is to be welcomed but will be a mixed blessing for Iran's still-fragile high-tech scene, said Malayeri, who runs a start-up accelerator firm alongside his work at the Iran Entrepreneurship Association.", u'Asked whether the industry was resilient enough to withstand an influx of companies such as Rocket, he said: "Not yet."', u'"This year will be a tipping point," Malayeri said. "We either win or we lose the whole thing."', u'(Additional reporting by Sam Wilkin in Dubai; Editing by Giles Elgood)']), ([u"Exclusive: In 'Year of Apple Pay', Many Top Retailers Remain Skeptical"], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  In a January earnings call with investors, Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook made a confident prediction: "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay," he said.', u'Since then, the company has aggressively courted retailers - and claimed significant success. "We\'ve spoken to all of the top 100\xa0merchants in the U.S., and\xa0about half will accept Apple Pay this year, with many more the following year," a company spokesperson recently told Reuters.', u"But interviews with analysts, merchants and others suggest that Apple's forecast may be too optimistic and that many retailers remain skeptical about the payment system.", u"The service is one of Apple's biggest bets, a chance to tie customers more tightly to its phones and its new smart watch, as well as to take a tiny bite from every retail transaction.", u"To assess Apple's progress, Reuters worked from the National Retail Federation's list of the top 100 U.S. retailers, surveying the 98 that had brick-and-mortar outlets (two of the top 100 sell only online). Eighty-five supplied detailed responses, and 11 others supplied information only about whether or not they accept Apple Pay. Two did not respond.", u"While some of the country's top merchants said they use and like the mobile payment system, fewer than a quarter of the retailers said they currently accept Apple Pay, and nearly two-thirds of the chains said categorically they would not be accepting it this year. Only four companies said they have plans to join the program in the next year.", u'The top reasons retailers cited for not accepting Apple Pay  were insufficient customer demand, a lack of access to data generated in Apple Pay transactions and the cost of technology to facilitate the payments. Some merchants said they were holding out because they plan to participate in a new mobile payment system to be launched by a coalition of retailers later this year.', u'A SMALL BUT GROWING MARKET', u'Reliable statistics on mobile wallet payments are difficult to obtain. Neither the companies offering payment systems nor credit card issuers will disclose detailed data about usage. But analysts agree that they are used for only a tiny percentage of U.S. retail transactions.', u'An online survey conducted by Verifone and  Wakefield Research released in January 2015 found that mobile wallets accounted for about 4 percent of the overall payments market for in-store retail transactions in the U.S.', u'How that market is divided up among the major players is not entirely clear. An ITG Investment Research study conducted in November, soon after Apple Pay was launched, found that the service accounted for 1 percent of digital payment dollars, while Google Wallet accounted for 4 percent.', u'Since then, analysts agree, Apple Pay\'s market share has grown dramatically. "In the last six months or so there has been more acceptance of Apple Pay," said Steve Weinstein, senior internet analyst for ITG. "Google Wallet has kind of stalled out."', u'In January, Apple\'s Cook, citing internal data, said Apple Pay accounted for two out of three dollars spent in "contactless payments," but the company did not provide data to back up those numbers.', u'Still, it is clear Apple Pay has made considerable progress in signing up vendors, with more than 700,000 sites as of March 9, the last time Apple updated its numbers, including self-service terminals such as vending machines, laundromats and parking meters.', u'Interviews with retailers suggest that the company has relied on aggressive marketing to recruit participants. "They have been pushing hard and it\'s been that way for months," said the representative of one large retailer that has no plans to accept Apple Pay. "They have called and tried to persuade us even after we communicated our decision to them." The company hasn\'t adopted Apple Pay, he said, because not even a "small percentage" of its customers have asked for it.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0SPEED, CONVENIENCE AND SECURITY', u'Many companies that accept Apple Pay report that they and their customers are happy with it. Whole Foods spokesman Michael Silverman said that Apple Pay transactions accounted for 2 percent of its sales dollars as of March and that it expects use to rise.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "Our shoppers are really enjoying the speed, convenience and security of Apple Pay," he said.', u'But for other retailers and consumers, Apple has yet to answer the question "what is in it for us if we use Apple Pay?" said Alberto Jimenez, program director for mobile payments at IBM, which provides technology to mobile wallet makers and retailers. Jimenez would not say whether Apple is among their customers.', u"The program doesn't offer loyalty rewards to customers, as companies such as Starbucks do with their mobile applications, nor does it provide customer information to retailers about Apple Pay users.", u'For 28 of the retailers surveyed by Reuters, lack of access to data about customers and their buying habits is a key reason they don\'t accept Apple Pay.  "One of the biggest concerns is data control," said Mario De Armas, senior director, international payments at the world\'s largest retailer, Wal-Mart Stores Inc.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 When a credit card is swiped through a terminal, the retailer gets the name and card number, which when combined with publicly available demographic data like address, phone and email, helps retail chains send well-targeted promotions to customers.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Wal-Mart and 18 of the other top retailers are part of a coalition challenging Apple Pay with a mobile wallet called CurrentC, which is scheduled to launch in mid-2015.', u"Retailers participating in CurrentC won't be allowed to accept any other mobile wallet until 2016, according to a senior official at MCX, the company launching CurrentC. For that reason alone, 19 of the NRF's top 100 retailers will not be able to accept Apple Pay before the end of the year, although three of them said they plan to accept Apple Pay by early 2016.", u'Another reason cited for not accepting Apple Pay by retailers surveyed by Reuters was the cost of terminals and computer upgrades required to accept a mobile wallet.', u'"What is the return on investment?" asked Maureen Elworthy, director of treasury at Ahold USA, which runs supermarket chains like Stop&Shop, during a panel discussing Apple Pay at an industry conference. "The [return] is negative," she said.', u'She told Reuters that Ahold USA does not plan to accept any wallets because they see it as an investment cost without immediate returns.\xa0', u'The cost to merchants of accepting a mobile wallet is highly variable depending on what technology they already have in place.', u'Retailers face an October deadline to upgrade their credit card terminals to accept cards with microchips, and the new terminals will typically also support contactless payments such as Apple Pay.', u'But mobile payments also require back-end systems that can be costly, especially for a large retail chain accepting multiple types of mobile payment systems, said Rick Dakin, chief executive of Coalfire, a security systems and IT infrastructure firm.', u'Apple declined to comment on the cost to retailers of accepting Apple Pay but referred Reuters to Ian Drysdale, Executive Vice-President at payment processor Elavon, which works with Apple.', u'Drysdale downplayed the cost issue.', u'"As long as the retailer is upgrading to the new payment terminals, which are enabled with contactless payment technology, there is very little additional cost to accept Apple Pay," he said.', u'\xa0\xa0 Ultimately the success of Apple Pay may rest with iPhone users like Scott Braeckel, an iPhone 6 owner who has used Apple Pay - but only once.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Braeckel said he liked the Apple Pay experience, but he generally pays with a credit card, even at places like McDonald's, which accepts the mobile wallet.", u'A survey released in March by shopper insight firm InfoScout and ', u' of more than 1,000 iPhone6 users found that while 15 percent of them had tried the payment system, only 6 percent said they continued to use it.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "It was an interesting curiosity but hasn\'t moved into daily use for me because frankly, I don\'t really shop at places it\'s taken," Braeckel said. "The places I mostly shop, which are my grocery store and pharmacy, don\'t accept it."', u'(Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago and San Francisco, Editing by Peter Henderson and Sue Horton)']), ([u'Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator'], [u'TAIPEI \u2014  Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday.', u"Alibaba submitted its new application a month ago and it is currently being reviewed, Emile M.P. Chang, executive secretary for the Investment Commission under Taiwan's economics ministry, told Reuters.", u'The commission is responsible for reviewing foreign and Chinese investments into Taiwan, and had fined Alibaba and its online marketplace Taobao for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company.', u"The regulator had also given Alibaba until August to put in another application to operate in Taiwan or pull out of the island. Last month, the commission also set a six-month deadline for Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao operations.", u'An Alibaba spokesperson declined to discuss the details of the review.', u'The Chinese e-commerce giant entered Taiwan in 2008 through Singapore-registered Alibaba.com Singapore E-commerce Private Ltd, which Alibaba says established operations in Taiwan in accordance to regulations at the time.', u"Alibaba's Taiwan unit of Taobao had registered on the island as a branch of Taobao in Hong Kong.", u'Chinese investments into the island are regulated strictly because mainland China is still considered a political enemy despite growing trade and economic ties since the late 2000s.', u'China deems Taiwan a renegade province and has not ruled out the use of force to take it back, particularly if the island makes a move toward independence.', u'(Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u'Data Hacked From U.S. Government Dates Back to 1985: U.S. Official'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Data stolen from U.S. government computers by suspected Chinese hackers included security clearance information and background checks dating back three decades, U.S. officials said on Friday, underlining the scope of one of the largest known cyber attacks on federal networks.', u'The breach of computer systems of the Office of Personnel Management was disclosed on Thursday by the Obama administration, which said records of up to 4 million current and former federal employees may have been compromised.', u'A total of 2.1 million current U.S. government workers were affected, according to a source familiar with the FBI-led  investigation into the incident.', u'Accusations by U.S. government sources of a Chinese role in the cyber attack, including possible state sponsorship, could further strain ties between Washington and Beijing. Tensions are already heightened over Chinese assertiveness in pursuit of territorial claims in the South China Sea.', u'The hacking also raises questions about how the United States would respond if it confirmed that the Chinese government was behind it.', u'Several U.S. officials, who requested anonymity, said the hackers were believed to have been based in China but that it was not yet known if the Chinese government or criminal elements were involved.', u'Another U.S. official said the breach was being investigated as a matter of national security, meaning it may have originated from a foreign government.', u'The cyber attack was among the most extensive thefts of information on the federal work force, and one U.S. defense official said it was clearly aimed at gaining valuable information for intelligence purposes.', u'"This is deep. The data goes back to 1985," a U.S. official said. "This means that they potentially have information about retirees, and they could know what they did after leaving government."', u"Access to data from OPM's computers, such as birth dates, ", u' numbers and bank information, could help hackers test potential passwords to other sites, including those with information about weapons systems, the official said.', u'"That could give them a huge advantage," the official said.', u'According to a U.S. House of Representatives memo seen by Reuters, OPM knows what types of data were exposed to the hackers but not what data was taken. The memo was sent to House staff by Chief Administrative Officer Ed Cassidy, whose office provides support services to the House, including cyber security services.', u'In addition, the State Department said in a memo to its employees that most of them had not been exposed to the breach because their data was not housed on the hacked OPM systems. Only those who had previously been employed by another federal agency may have been exposed, it said.', u'Investigators have linked the OPM breach to earlier thefts of personal data from millions of records at Anthem Inc, the second largest U.S. health insurer, and Premera Blue Cross, a healthcare services provider.', u"It was the second computer break-in in less than a year at OPM, the federal government's personnel office, and the latest in a string of cyber attacks on U.S. agencies, some of which have been blamed on Chinese hackers.", u'A Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman said such accusations had been frequent of late and were irresponsible. Hacking attacks were often cross-border and hard to trace, he said.', u'White House spokesman Josh Earnest said, "It\'s not clear who the perpetrators are," but he noted that President Barack Obama and his aides regularly raise with their Chinese counterparts concerns about Chinese behavior in cyberspace.', u'Disclosure of the latest computer breach comes ahead of the annual U.S.-China Strategic and Economic Dialogue scheduled for  June 22-24 in Washington, D.C. Cyber security was already expected to be high on the agenda.', u"U.S. officials said the talks would proceed as scheduled, as would Obama's plans to host Chinese President Xi Jinping on a state visit to Washington in the fall.", u'U.S. LIKELY TO MOVE CAUTIOUSLY', u"At Friday's White House briefing, Earnest dodged the question of whether Washington might retaliate if it was determined that a state had been involved in the hacking.", u"In December, U.S. officials moved swiftly to accuse North Korea of being behind a high-profile attack on Sony over a movie depicting the assassination of North Korea's leader, and Obama vowed that the United States would respond.", u"Some lawmakers and defense officials want a more aggressive U.S. stance against cyber breaches, including legislation to strengthen U.S. cyber defenses. But the administration is likely to move cautiously in response to any Chinese role, mindful of the potential harm from escalating cyber warfare between the world's two biggest economies.", u'The Federal Bureau of Investigation has launched a probe of the OPM attack, and vowed that it would bring to account those responsible for the hacking.', u"OPM detected new malicious activity affecting its information systems in April and the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) said it concluded early in May that OPM's data had been compromised and about 4 million workers may have been affected.", u"Hackers hit OPM's IT systems and its data stored at the Department of the Interior's data center, a shared service center for federal agencies, a DHS official said on condition of anonymity.", u"Chinese hackers were also blamed for penetrating OPM's computer networks last year, The New York Times reported last July, citing unidentified U.S. officials.", u"James Lewis, a cyber security expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies think tank, said the U.S. disclosure of the hacking could signal Washington's plan to push hard on cyber issues at this month's talks.", u'\u201cThe Chinese have been saying privately, and somewhat in public, that we want the summit to go really well. \'Let\u2019s not talk about espionage. Let\u2019s talk about how we can work together\'," said Lewis, a former State Department official.', u'"This might be a U.S. response to that: \'No, we are going to talk about espionage.\'"', u'(Additional reporting by Phil Stewart, David Brunnstrom, Julia Edwards, Roberta Rampton, David Lawder and Susan Cornwell; Editing by Jason Szep, Doina Chiacu, Toni Reinhold)']), ([u'Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator'], [u'TAIPEI \u2014  Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday.', u"Alibaba submitted its new application a month ago and it is currently being reviewed, Emile M.P. Chang, executive secretary for the Investment Commission under Taiwan's economics ministry, told Reuters.", u'The commission is responsible for reviewing foreign and Chinese investments into Taiwan.', u'(Reporting by J.R. Wu; Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u'Chinese Premier Encourages Start-Up Firms to List Locally'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  Chinese premier Li Keqiang said the government would promote domestic listings of start-up firms with "special ownership structure", part of China\'s efforts to encourage innovation and boost funding for productive sectors of the economy.', u"At a conference held by China's state council, or cabinet,  on Thursday, Li also encouraged the development of the venture capital industry, and urged local governments to give tax incentives to start-up firms, incubators and angel investors who back innovation, according to the central government website.", u'Many Chinese companies, including technology start-ups and internet giants such as Alibaba, Baidu and Tencent have adopted the so-called variable interest entity (VIE) structure.', u"Because foreign ownership in China's internet sector is blocked, and Chinese internet startups have difficulty meeting profitability requirements to list onshore, the VIE structure was developed to satisfy the ownership requirements of overseas security regulators without technically breaking Chinese law.", u'But China plans to relax rules for domestic listings, and is also vigorously developing over-the-counter equity markets to give start-up firms easier access to funding.', u'(Reporting by Samuel Shen and Pete Sweeney; Editing by Shri Navaratnam)']), ([u'LG Display Shares Hit Lowest in Almost a Year After Fall in Panel Prices'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Shares of LG Display Co Ltd fell sharply in early trade on Friday, hitting their lowest point in almost a year, after data from researcher DisplaySearch showed industry-wide display panel prices were broadly lower.', u"LG Display shares fell as much as 4.5 percent, touching their lowest intraday level since June 10, 2014. DisplaySearch's data tracks panel spot prices for mainstream consumer technology products like televisions and liquid crystal display monitors.", u'(Reporting by Yeawon Choi and Se Young Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u'Apple to Unveil Tool Kit for Watch App Developers   '], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  When ', u' began selling the ', u' Watch in April, Phillip Ryu did not rush to create an app for it. Because apps on the device have limited animation and the software takes several seconds to load, Mr. Ryu, a founder of Impending, which makes mobile games, said he was constrained in terms of what programs he could create for the watch.', u'Now, he is rethinking that decision. On Monday, Apple will begin its annual developer conference, where the company is set to release new tools for software developers to create smarter apps that will gain deep access to the watch\u2019s heart-rate and motion sensors, among other components.', u'\u201cIt feels like we have both our hands tied behind our backs, and that\u2019s why you haven\u2019t seen anything really impressive,\u201d Mr. Ryu said about apps for the watch, which was released with around 3,500 programs. Now, \u201cit sounds like they plan on untying our hands.\u201d', u'Gaining more apps for Apple Watch is crucial to ', u', Apple\u2019s chief executive. The device is his first new product since taking the reins of the company in 2011. Apps from outside developers helped increase sales of Apple\u2019s iPhones and iPads by vastly expanding their capabilities. Likewise, third-party apps could become important selling points for the watch, which now is primarily an expensive timepiece that requires an ', u' to operate.', u'Apart from more powerful watch apps, Apple\u2019s developer conference is also set to showcase software advancements for OS X, the Mac operating system, and iOS, the mobile operating system powering iPhones and iPads. In addition, Apple plans to unveil a ', u' ', u', the music company it acquired for $3 billion last year, according to people briefed on the situation, who declined to be identified because the details were confidential.', u'Yet one much ballyhooed device will be absent from the conference: a new Apple TV, Apple\u2019s set-top box for televisions. The company planned as recently as mid-May to use the event to spotlight new Apple TV hardware, along with an ', u' and a tool kit for developers to make apps for the entertainment device. But those plans were postponed partly because the product was not ready, according to two people briefed on the product.', u'Apple declined to comment.', u'Apple, which introduced the watch in April after months of promotion, is selling the device in nine countries and expects to expand that distribution this month. The company is keeping mum about sales, however. On its earnings call in April, Apple would only say that consumer demand for the new product had exceeded supply.', u'\u201cWe couldn\u2019t be happier about how things are going,\u201d Mr. Cook said about the number of apps now available for the watch, adding that customer response so far seemed to be \u201c100 percent positive.\u201d', u'Jeff Williams, Apple\u2019s senior vice president for operations, said last month ', u' that developers would soon be able to write apps directly for the watch. Now, developers have to modify an ', u' app to include \u201cextensions\u201d that run on the watch. In other words, the brains of the watch apps live on the iPhone, and the smartphone beams data to the watch. As a result, some consumers have said, watch apps have loaded sluggishly and what they can do has been limited. The expanded tool kit will be introduced to developers next week, and improved watch apps should arrive by fall, Mr. Williams said.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019s going to make watch apps much more interesting, just because you get access to so much more stuff,\u201d said Brian Mueller, the developer of Carrot, a suite of productivity apps. \u201cRight now, watch apps are sort of another feature to an iPhone app.\u201d', u'For iOS and OS X, Apple is expected to do some fine-tuning after widespread criticism that its latest systems, iOS 8 and OS X Yosemite, were released with many bugs, according to people briefed on the software system. Last September, Apple released an iOS update that broke the iPhone\u2019s fingerprint sensor and caused some users to lose cell service, among other issues. The company will make under-the-hood improvements to iOS and OS X \u2014 for example, mobile apps will be able to run more efficiently, which could help improve battery life, these people said.', u'Sales of Mac computers, while generating a small portion of Apple\u2019s revenue, remain a bright spot for the company, even as the rest of the PC industry shrinks. Last quarter, Apple strengthened its overall Mac sales, thanks in large part to its momentum in China, where Mac sales grew 31 percent from the same period a year ago.', u'Those eager for a new Apple TV, however, will have to wait. The company decided to hold off an announcement because the product was not ready to be demonstrated, according to people briefed on the device.', u'A major setback for the Apple TV involves content. Apple plans to offer its Apple TV, iPhone and ', u' customers a ', u' that is smaller and cheaper than the large catalog of offerings in a typical cable subscription, according to people briefed on the service, who discussed the incomplete plans on the condition of anonymity. Media executives have been coy about the existence of the coming Apple TV service \u2014 the chief executive of CBS said last week that his network would \u201c', u'\u201d sign a deal with Apple. Separately, Showtime ', u' on Wednesday a new Internet streaming service that would debut on Apple devices in July for a monthly fee of $11.', u'But in the background, content providers have also ', u' ', u' with Apple to offer an Internet-based TV service, largely because they have not come to an agreement on price, rights and technology issues, according to people briefed on the discussions.', u'Despite the delay, many developers remain intrigued by the idea of making apps for the Apple TV. This year, Apple published a graphic that resembled its hockey-puck-shaped Apple TV on a ', u' promoting the developer conference, hinting that TV apps would be coming soon.', u'\u201cThe context of everyone sitting down in front of a large-format display will be totally different,\u201d said Luke Muscat, a director of the app studio Prettygreat and creator of the games Fruit Ninja and Jetpack Joyride. \u201cIt\u2019s hard to imagine what\u2019s going to happen.\u201d']), ([u"Chinese Embassy Says Accusations Over U.S. Data Breach 'Not Responsible'"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The Chinese Embassy in Washington, responding to reports that China was behind a massive cyberattack on U.S. government computers, said on Thursday that jumping to conclusions was "not responsible, and counterproductive."', u'Embassy spokesman Zhu Haiquan said China had made great efforts to combat cyberattacks and that tracking such events conducted across borders was difficult.', u'"Jumping to conclusions and making hypothetical accusation is not responsible, and counterproductive," Zhu said in emailed comments to Reuters.', u'(Reporting by David Brunnstrom; Editing by Peter Cooney)']), ([u'Apple Watch Challenges Developers to Make Games That Take Seconds'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  When Maximo Cavazzani, creator of the popular mobile game Trivia Crack, learned about Apple Inc's plan for a new smart watch, it seemed like a logical step to adapt his game for the new product. But the little watch had some big limitations.", u"The tiny screen and compact processor required simpler animation, which meant scaling back the game's trademark trivia wheel. And some things, such as pop-up ads that help make phone apps profitable, weren't possible when designing for the watch.\xa0", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Designers, including Cavazzani, are generally optimistic about the possibilities of the new watch, the first product developed under Chief Executive Tim Cook, but many are finding that designing for tiny screens requires a new approach.', u"Just as the development of apps has been crucial to the success of Apple's iPads and iPhones, the Apple Watch's popularity, and ultimately its sales, will depend in large part upon the apps outside developers come up with to expand its usefulness.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "You can do some cool stuff, but of course it has limitations," Cavazzani said, and making money "is a little bit complicated if it\'s not a paid app - there\'s no way of putting ads and no way to do in-app purchases."\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'Apple has touted health and fitness tracking, communication and style as the chief reasons to buy its wearable, but games are some of the most lucrative apps on the iPhone.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Of the more than 5,600 apps created for the timepiece so far, about 10 percent are games, compared with 20 percent of iOS apps overall, according to App Annie, a mobile analytics firm.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Pioneers are looking for ways to promote very short bursts of play. Some games keep progressing without the wearer, for instance.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "Most people are super skeptical," said Tero Kuittinen, a managing director of Frank N. Magid Associates who consults with app developers. "You have to rethink every assumption you have" about keeping players engaged.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Apple is planning more flexibility, as well. At its Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco next week it will show off a bigger tool kit for developers to help create apps that capitalize on the watch's array of components.", u"Jeff Williams, Apple's senior vice president of operations, said at a recent conference that the first batch of apps built with the new tools will likely arrive in the fall. Developers say they expect to be able to create apps that are quicker and richer with the new tools.", u'Other changes may also come. The Watch is not technically incapable of carrying ads, for instance, but many major ad networks do not support the watch yet.', u'Major players are trying Apple Watch: game titan Electronic Arts is developing apps for two popular games for the time piece, Real Racing 3 and FIFA 15 Ultimate Team.', u'"It turns out you can do a lot of fun things on a small screen," said Matt Bromberg, an executive at Electronic Arts. Rival game maker Zynga has yet to release any Apple Watch apps, though. It declined to comment.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0SIMPLICITY', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Most developers agree simplicity is a virtue for games to be played on gadgets with screen sizes measuring 38 or 42 millimeters.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The developers of Runeblade, a fantasy game developed for the watch, achieved that by freeing users up from the job of actually playing the game: Players make key decisions in a war against corrupt gods and monsters, and then the game keeps running as they move on to other tasks. The game challenges players to stop ancient gods who have returned to wreak havoc.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 In the time it takes to wait out a red light, players can cast spells to propel them forward in the game. Though players typically drop into the fantasy world for just five to 15 seconds, some are returning as much as 100 times a day, said Aki J\xe4rvilehto, CEO of Everywear Games, the Finnish studio behind Runeblade.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0The Apple Watch is always "a glance away," he said. "We are thinking it\'s the game platform of 2015."', u'(Editing By Peter Henderson and Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Sharing Data, but Not Happily'], [u'Should consumers be able to control how companies collect and use their personal data?', u'At a dinner honoring privacy advocates this week in Washington, Timothy D. Cook, the chief executive of Apple, gave a speech in which he endorsed this simple idea. Yet his argument leveled a direct challenge to the premise behind much of the Internet industry \u2014 the proposition that people blithely cede their digital bread crumbs to companies in exchange for free or reduced-priced services subsidized by advertising.', u' during the event held by EPIC, a nonprofit research center. \u201cBut we don\u2019t think they\u2019re worth having your email or your search history or now even your family photos data-mined and sold off for God knows what advertising purpose.\u201d', u'Now a study from the Annenberg School for Communication at the University of Pennsylvania has come to a similar conclusion: Many Americans do not think the trade-off of their data for personalized services, giveaways or discounts is a fair deal either. The findings are likely to fuel the debate among tech executives and federal regulators over whether companies should give consumers more control over the information collected about them.', u' 55 percent of respondents disagreed or strongly disagreed that \u201cit\u2019s O.K. if a store where I shop uses information it has about me to create a picture of me that improves the services they provide for me.\u201d', u'About seven in 10 people also disagreed that it was fair for a store to monitor their online activities in exchange for free Wi-Fi while at the store. And 91 percent of respondents disagreed that it was fair for companies to collect information about them without their knowledge in exchange for a discount.', u'\u201cCompanies are saying that people give up their data because they understand they are getting something for those data,\u201d said ', u' at Penn\u2019s Annenberg School for Communication and the lead author of the study. \u201cBut what is really going on is a sense of resignation. Americans feel that they have no control over what companies do with their information or how they collect it.\u201d', u'The report on consumers\u2019 attitudes to commercial surveillance comes at a pivotal moment for online marketers and advertisers. Companies are scrambling to develop new techniques to influence people who increasingly use mobile devices to shop, bank and socialize. Yet, even as millions of people embrace these data-driven services, many are mistrustful of the kinds of inferences that companies might make based on information gathered about them.', u'Some marketing companies, for instance, segment individuals into ', u' or \u201csmall town, shallow pockets\u201d or categorize them by waistband size.', u'The potential risk of inferior treatment is one reason that an increasing number of Internet users are downloading ', u' that allows consumers to see and control online tracking by data brokers, advertising networks and other third parties.', u'Consumers will share information with sites they trust because they want to get personalized ads and content, said Scott Meyer, Ghostery\u2019s chief executive. \u201cBut they will turn off the tracking technology if they are looking up painkillers for their mother because they don\u2019t want the Internet to think they are addicted to opiates.\u201d', u'The conflicted feelings are hardly a new phenomenon. An article published 15 years ago in InformationWeek carried the headline: \u201cPrivacy Paradox: Consumers Want Control \u2014 and Coupons.\u201d', u'But the Penn survey concluded that many people are now resigned to having little say over how companies use and interpret their information.', u'Among people who took part in the survey, 84 percent strongly or somewhat agreed that they wanted to have control over what marketers could learn about them; at the same time, 65 percent agreed that they had come to accept that they had little control over it. The randomized telephone survey of 1,506 adult American Internet users, conducted by Princeton Survey Research Associates International in February and March, has a margin of error of plus or minus 2.9 percent.', u'Although he did not take the survey, Jeff Allen, a manager at a school yearbook company in the Atlanta area, is one of the reconciled.', u'Mr. Allen said he regularly used Uber, the ride-hailing app, on business trips, fully cognizant that the service\u2019s drivers needed to know his whereabouts to pick him up.', u'Yet he said he was troubled last week after he learned that Uber was ', u' to explicitly allow the company to record the location of customers\u2019 devices even when they were not actively using the app.', u'\u201cI think it\u2019s none of their business where I am up until the moment when I elect to use their service,\u201d ', u' said. Nevertheless, he said he planned to continue using Uber, at least for the moment, because he found it more convenient than taxis.', u'\u201cData is being collected on you all the time,\u201d Mr. Allen observed. \u201cYou either don\u2019t have a clue about it, or you\u2019re resigned to the fact that this is the way it is in 2015.\u201d', u'Companies that are more transparent about why they collect certain customer details and how they use them may find it easier to maintain customer trust. Certainly, millions of people have signed up for store loyalty cards and frequent-flier programs that offer deals or upgrades based on consumers\u2019 purchases. And for the many people who relish personalized services, the idea that Amazon, Facebook, Google Maps or Pandora may remember and learn from their preferences represents an advantage, not a problem.', u'\u201cPeople are always willing to trade privacy and information when they see the direct value of sharing that information,\u201d said Mike Zaneis, the chief counsel for the ', u', an industry group in Washington.', u'But the Penn researchers found that many consumers may not fully comprehend the data-mining practices that occur when they use sites and apps. For instance, 58 percent of survey respondents wrongly believed that when a website had a privacy policy, it meant that the site would not share their information without their permission.', u'The more concrete situations the survey described, the more likely people were to reject deals. For instance, 43 percent of respondents said they would accept a discount if the supermarket where they shopped kept detailed records of their purchases. But only 19 percent said they would accept discounts if the supermarket could use their purchasing history to make assumptions about their race or ethnicity.', u' at Forrester Research, describes consumers\u2019 experience with sophisticated data-mining systems as \u201cfrog-in-the-caldron syndrome.\u201d', u'\u201cYou start off by putting the frog in tepid water,\u201d Ms. Khatibloo said, \u201cand then you raise the temperature so the frog doesn\u2019t realize it\u2019s cooking.\u201d', u'Like Mr. Cook of Apple, she contends that companies that offer consumers more control over and insight into how their information is used may differentiate themselves from their competitors.', u'But many companies behave more like Uber.', u'The company\u2019s new privacy policy, scheduled to take effect on July 15, says that if customers permit the Uber app to connect to location data, the app may collect the precise locations of their devices whether the app is running in the foreground or the background. Whether or not customers turn on that permission, the app still may deduce their general location based on other signals from their devices.', u'And, if consumers use the ride-hailing app on or after that date, the company will conclude that they have read and agreed to the terms, Uber said in a recent email to customers.', u'In other words, Uber customers may resign themselves to having their data extracted \u2014 or forgo the service altogether.']), ([u'Questions on Spectrum Animate T-Mobile-Dish Merger Talks'], [u'At the center of ', u' between ', u' and Dish Networks is the value of spectrum, the airwaves that carry communications signals.', u'Spectrum brings to life everything from baby monitors and motorized garage doors to cellphone connections and television shows. But it is a limited resource, which puts it in high demand, particularly among wireless carriers who must respond to ever-rising data use on mobile phones in the United States.', u'Different types of spectrum \u2014 ranging in frequency from low to high \u2014 are suited to different uses; the type that carries mobile phone communications most reliably, known as low-frequency spectrum, can travel far and through buildings and trees.', u'In the wireless industry, three-quarters of low-frequency spectrum is in the hands of ', u' and ', u', giving those companies a major competitive advantage and leaving ', u', Sprint and other smaller phone carriers struggling to deliver reliable service and expand their networks.', u'Recognizing that, the federal government is ', u' low-frequency spectrum from local TV stations \u2014 who claimed significant swaths of that desirable spectrum in the days before cellphones existed \u2014 to wireless phone carriers.', u'The ', u' is planning to buy spectrum from TV stations and auction it off to phone carriers, a complicated exchange that is expected early next year.', u'The F.C.C. plans to set aside some of the prized resource for smaller carriers, who have said they cannot afford to bid against AT&T and Verizon. But just how much spectrum is carved out for those smaller carriers, and just how deeply it is discounted, has been a major point of contention.', u'The questions surrounding the auction may be partly motivating T-Mobile to engage in merger negotiations. Dish Network has amassed a large amount of spectrum in recent years, to the puzzlement of many in the industry, with analysts left wondering what the satellite provider\u2019s plan for that resource was.', u'\u201cT-Mobile is holding on by a thread,\u201d said Ellen Satterwhite, a former F.C.C. employee and director of Glen Echo Group, a strategic communications firm focused on technology and telecommunications issues. \u201cAnd if the F.C.C. isn\u2019t going to make enough low-band spectrum available, I can see the agency offering approval of this merger as a chew toy to advocates for competition.\u201d', u'But much of Dish\u2019s spectrum is mid-frequency spectrum, not low, meaning it cannot travel as far but has the capacity to carry more information.', u'\u201cIt doesn\u2019t stand to reason for me that a T-Mobile-Dish merger would mean immediate competition,\u201d Ms. Satterwhite said. \u201cHow do you use that mid-band spectrum to get the kind of coverage you need to compete with AT&T and Verizon?\u201d', u'Still, some have suggested that as technology evolves, the value of various types of spectrum might change, perhaps making Dish\u2019s mid-band spectrum, with its capacity to carry more data, more valuable to carriers like T-Mobile.', u'Craig Moffett, senior analyst and partner at MoffettNathanson Research, called low-frequency spectrum critically important for offering service in rural areas. But, he said, it is less important in urban areas, where signals do not have to travel as far. And in a world in which phones are regularly used for Internet access, the ability to transport more information over shorter distances might prove increasingly important.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s a legitimate debate now over what\u2019s most valuable,\u201d Mr. Moffett said. \u201cIt may have been true once upon a time, in the world of voice, that low-frequency was the best. But in the world of data, higher frequency may be just as good.\u201d']), ([u'Deal Between T-Mobile and Dish Could Spell Trouble for Sprint'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A merger of T-Mobile US Inc and satellite TV company Dish Network Corp could force Sprint Corp to pursue a deal or partnership itself.', u'T-Mobile and Dish are in early-stage merger talks, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters.', u"Dish's trove of wireless airwaves, or spectrum, would turn No. 4 U.S. wireless company T-Mobile into a much stronger competitor to Sprint, the current No. 3. It also comes as bigger rivals AT&T and Verizon have been investing in strengthening their networks and looking to extract revenue from online video content in addition to wireless services.", u'"If Dish buys T-Mobile they\'ll become a lot stronger, their spectrum portfolio will double and they will have a real competitive edge against the rest of the industry," New Street Research analyst Spencer Kurn said.', u'Sprint is in the midst of a turnaround plan to stanch subscriber losses and improve its balance sheet. The company, which is sitting on excess spectrum of its own, has been burning cash to sign up subscribers and upgrade its wireless network.', u'It "is running out of good options," Craig Moffett, an analyst with MoffettNathanson said.', u'Kurn and Moffett agreed on one route: Sprint itself could bid for T-Mobile.', u'Sprint abandoned just such a deal last year due to regulatory concerns. The question is whether it could find a way to try again, ideally waiting until after the 2016 U.S. presidential election, assuming a more business-friendly Republican president wins the White House.', u"Japan's cash-rich SoftBank Corp, which owns an 80 percent stake in Sprint, acquired the company with the hope of merging it with T-Mobile.", u'"If T-Mobile is acquired before they get that chance, Sprint\'s in a world of hurt," Moffett said.', u"SPRINT'S OPTIONS", u'Besides trying its luck again with a T-Mobile bid, heavily indebted Sprint could sell off its own spectrum assets.', u'With viewing habits shifting from television to online devices, the pay-TV and wireless industries are converging, and Sprint could also potentially partner with a cable company looking to enter the wireless market, analysts said.', u'Sprint representatives could not be immediately reached for comment.', u"A $48.5 billion merger of AT&T with Dish's biggest rival DirecTV is expected to receive approval with some conditions in coming weeks. Charter Communications Inc is seeking to remake the U.S. cable television industry by acquiring No. 2 cable company Time Warner Cable Inc for $56 billion, after regulators rejected the bid by their biggest rival Comcast Corp.", u'"Sprint is going to need to do something following the recent M&A wave we\'ve seen just over the last 12 months," S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said.', u'By hooking up, cable or satellite TV providers and wireless companies can pool resources and spectrum to scale up and also capture growth in the online video market.', u'Comcast could be a potential suitor for Sprint from the cable industry, but it may not have the appetite. Regulatory opposition led Comcast to drop a plan to buy Time Warner Cable, and it may not be ready for another fight yet, analysts said.', u'Another possibility may be to try to push T-Mobile aside and hook up with Dish. In 2013, Dish made a bid for Sprint, although it dropped out and SoftBank took a controlling stake.', u"The chance for a merger with Sprint could still be on Dish Chief Executive Charlie Ergen's mind, New Street's Kurn said.", u'"Ergen is a man who keeps his options open."', u'(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; additional reporting by Greg Roumeliotis; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'Foreign Entity or Government Believed Behind U.S. Data Breach: Law Enforcement Official'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  A foreign entity or government is believed to be behind a massive cyber breach that compromised the data of about 4 million current and former U.S. government employees, a law enforcement official said on Thursday.', u'The official would neither confirm nor deny that China was the principal suspect.\xa0Media reports said U.S. officials suspected the cyber attack originated in China.', u'The breach was spotted about two weeks ago and has been under investigation since then, the official said.', u'(Reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Peter Cooney and Sandra Maler)']), ([u'Yahoo to Shut Down Maps, Some Other Services'], [u'(Reuters) - Yahoo Inc said it was shutting down a few of its services, including Yahoo Maps, as it realigns itself to focus on search and digital content.', u" will shut down by the end of this month, Amotz Maimon, Yahoo's chief architect, said in a blog post, as the service faces intense competition from Google Inc's Maps service.", u"Yahoo's search and other services including photo-sharing website Flickr will still support Yahoo Maps, Maimon said.", u'These steps follow efforts by Chief Executive Marissa Mayer  to revive meaningful revenue growth with a string of acquisitions and product revamps.', u"Mayer has been under pressure to make quicker progress in strengthening the company's media and advertising business.", u"Yahoo is scaling back mail support on the built-in Mail app for older versions of Apple Inc's iPhone operating system, Maimon said on Thursday. (", u')', u'Yahoo said the Philippines homepage would be shuttered. It will also close Yahoo Music services in France and Canada and Yahoo Movies in Spain.', u'Media services such as Yahoo TV and Yahoo Autos will be stopped in the UK, France, Germany, Spain and Italy at the end of June.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Only Bigger Platform Would Prompt Spotify Owner Ek to Sell: DN'], [u'STOCKHOLM \u2014  Daniel Ek, founder of Spotify, would only consider selling the online music streaming service if it meant a bigger platform for its music, he told Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter.', u'Unlisted, Stockholm-based Spotify, which provides free on-demand music or ad-free tunes for paying customers, faces competition from the likes of Apple and YouTube and was reportedly valued at about $8 billion recently.', u'"We want to go further with our platform," Daniel Ek told Dagens Nyheter in a rare interview. "The only case where we would be interested in selling the company is if someone would offer the possibility of a larger platform."', u'Spotify, which saw revenues leap 45 percent to top 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) last year, recently announced it would soon provide video content from musicians, news organizations and TV networks..', u'The company, which said earlier this year it had reached 15 million subscribers and 60 million active users, does not disclose details about its ownership but Ek and co-founder Martin Lorentzon have sold stakes and no longer own a majority.', u'"I really don\'t know anymore how many shares I own, but it\'s still a lot, so I\'m looking at how to further develop the company," Ek said.', u'($1 = 0.8890 euros)', u'(Reporting by Johan Ahlander; editing by David Clarke)']), ([u'Twitter Appoints Robert Kaiden as Chief Accounting Officer'], [u'(Reuters) - Twitter Inc appointed Robert Kaiden, 48, as chief accounting officer.', u'Gordon Lee, the interim chief accounting officer, will continue to work as controller at the microblogging company.', u'Kaiden, who has worked at Deloitte & Touche LLP [DLTE.UL] for about 14 years, will receive gross salary of $350,000 at an annualized rate at Twitter. (http://', u')', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru)']), ([u"Exclusive: CACI, Booz Allen, Leidos Eye CSC's Government Unit-Sources"], [u"(Reuters) - CACI International Inc, Booz Allen Hamilton Holdings and Leidos Holdings Inc have held exploratory discussions to acquire Computer Sciences Corp's public sector division, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.", u'The discussions took place after CSC, a technology consulting services provider, said on May 19 it would split into two public companies \u2014 one to serve commercial and non-government clients globally and one to serve public sector clients in the United States.', u'Discussions with the interested parties are in their early stages and may not result in a transaction, said the people, who requested anonymity because the matter is confidential.', u'Representatives for CSC and Booz Allen declined to comment. CACI and Leidos did not respond to requests for comment.', u"CSC's North American public sector division offers IT and operations-related services to the U.S. Department of Defense and civil agencies of the federal government, as well as foreign, state and local government agencies. CSC estimated it would have revenues $4.1 billion for its 2015 fiscal year.", u"CSC's U.S. public sector business is seen as attractive to potential buyers because of the high barriers to entry for competitors.", u'The separation from the remaining division, global commercial, is anticipated by October. The second business, which provides information technology services and solutions partner for Fortune 1,000 companies and non-U.S. government clients, was expected to have $8.1 billion in revenue for 2015.', u'The breakup of CSC, which has a market capitalization of close to $9.6 billion, follows multiple attempts by the Falls Church, Virginia-based company to sell it self over several years.', u'Prior to its announcement of the break-up, CSC drew buyout interest from French consulting company Cap Gemini SA, computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co and Canadian consulting firm CGI Group Inc, as well as private equity firms, Reuters previously reported.', u'(Additional reporting by Nadia Damouni in New York; Editing by Tom Brown)']), ([u'Facebook Rolls Out New Android App for Emerging Markets'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Facebook Inc rolled out a new Android app for its social media service on Thursday that uses less data and runs faster in regions with spotty connections.', u'The app, called Facebook Lite, is available in countries across Asia and will soon make its way to parts of Latin America, Africa and Europe, Vijay Shankar, product manager for Facebook Lite, said in an interview. In many of those countries, people still use 2G networks, which are much slower and have less power than the 4G networks in many developed nations.', u'"We want to offer people a choice so if there are limitations, they can still get the full Facebook experience," Shankar said.', u"The app uses less than one-half of a megabyte of data to limit data usage and rates for those in emerging markets. While it still supports Facebook's News Feed, status updates, notifications and photos, it does not support videos and advanced location services.", u"Facebook Lite is part of the world's largest social media network's expansion into emerging markets. Earlier this year, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg announced Internet.org, a platform developed with six technology partners to connect 4.5 billion people with no current access to the Internet.", u'(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'U.S. Was Warned of System Open to Cyberattacks'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The inspector general at the Office of Personnel Management, which keeps the records and security clearance information for millions of current and retired federal employees, issued a report in November that essentially described the agency\u2019s computer security system as a Chinese hacker\u2019s dream.', u'But by the time the report was published, Chinese hackers had already cleaned out tens of thousands of files on sensitive security clearances, and were preparing for a much broader attack that ultimately obtained detailed personal information on at least four million current and former government employees. Even today, the agency is struggling to patch numerous vulnerabilities.', u'A number of administration officials on Friday painted a picture of a government office struggling to catch up, with the Chinese ahead of them at every step.', u'The agency did not possess an inventory of all the computer servers and devices with access to its networks, and did not require anyone gaining access to information from the outside to use the kind of basic authentication techniques that most Americans use for online banking. It did not regularly scan for vulnerabilities in the system, and found that 11 of the 47 computer systems that were supposed to be certified as safe for use last year were not \u201coperating with a valid authorization.\u201d', u'The problems were so severe for two systems that hosted the databases used by the Federal Investigative Service, which is responsible for the background investigations for officials and contractors who are issued security clearances, that the inspector general argued for temporarily shutting them down because the security flaws \u201ccould potentially have national security implications.\u201d', u'Hackers in China apparently figured that out months before the report was published. Last summer a breach was detected that appeared aimed directly at the security clearance records \u2014 information that could help a determined hacker gain access to email or other accounts belonging to those entrusted with the nation\u2019s secrets.', u'While upgrades were underway, a much broader attack occurred, apparently starting in December. Before it was detected, personal information on at least four million people was apparently downloaded by a patient, well-equipped adversary \u2014 and the number is likely to grow.', u'As one senior former government official who once handled cyberissues for the administration, who would not speak on the record because it could endanger the person\u2019s role on key advisory committees, said on Friday, \u201cThe mystery here is not how they got cleaned out by the Chinese. The mystery is what took the Chinese so long.\u201d', u'Researchers and government officials have determined that the Chinese group that attacked the office was probably the same one that seized millions of records held by the health care firms Anthem and Primera. Based on the forensics, experts believe the attackers were not part of the People\u2019s Liberation Army, whose Third Department oversees much of the military\u2019s cyberintelligence gathering. Rather they believe the group is privately contracted, though the exact affiliation with the Chinese government is not known.', u'For the Obama administration, which came to office holding East Room events on cybersecurity and pressing Congress, for years, to pass legislation that would allow the private sector to share information with the government, what has happened at the Office of Personnel Management can only be described as a case study in bureaucratic lethargy and poor security practices.', u'In the most egregious case cited by the inspector general, outsiders entering the system were not subjected to \u201cmultifactor authentication\u201d \u2014 the systems that, for example, require a code that is sent to a cellphone to be entered before giving access to a user. Asked about that in an interview, Donna Seymour, the chief information officer at the Office of Personnel Management, said that installing such gear in the government\u2019s \u201cantiquated environment\u201d was difficult and very time consuming, and that her agency had to perform \u201ctriage\u201d to determine how to close the worst vulnerabilities.', u'The agency now plans to install two-step authentication across its network, Ms. Seymour said. A longtime data security official, she also defended the decision to ignore the inspector general\u2019s advice to shut down two systems that contain the security clearance information. Ms. Seymour said that the investigators were using an outdated assessment of the security measures \u2014 and that the agency was in the process of getting tighter controls when the intrusion happened. Another senior official said that with the agency under pressure to clear a huge backlog of security clearances, halting the process was \u201ca nonstarter\u201d with Congress.', u'During the installation of new security scanning software, officials said, they found evidence of the broad downloading of millions of files.', u'But administration officials said a lack of management focus on the problems contributed to the slow response \u2014 combined with a lack of focus on protecting systems that are not part of the national security infrastructure but that contain large amounts of data. And a number of administration officials in interviews on Friday painted a picture of Chinese adversaries who appear to be building huge databases of information on American citizens, useful for intelligence gathering and other purposes.', u'\u201cThey didn\u2019t go to sell the data, which is what criminal groups usually do,\u201d said James Lewis, an expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies. \u201cIt\u2019s biographic databases that really give an intelligence benefit \u2014 and that get into an opponent\u2019s skin.\u201d Such databases indicate where a government official was posted, and security clearance information would list their foreign contacts \u2014 useful if there was an effort to track down Chinese citizens in contact with Americans.', u'The chronology of attacks against American targets matches China\u2019s stated economic and strategic objectives, members of Congress were told in briefings held by the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies. \u201cI\u2019m angry and frustrated that we are at a place where this kind of attack can be successful,\u201d said Rep. Jim Langevin, a Rhode Island Democrat who sits on both a subcommittee on cyberissues and the Armed Services Committee. The attackers, he said, \u201ccould have been inside the systems for weeks or months.\u201d In fact, investigators believe they were there for at least three months, before being detected in April.', u'Government officials in the United States have been tracking several such privately contracted Chinese groups since 2008 and believe they operate at the behest of the state. One, based out of Guangzhou in southern China, has been tied to thousands of attacks on victims in the United States, Britain, Canada, Europe, Russia and Africa that develop missile, satellite, space and nuclear propulsion technology.', u'At the White House, officials were struggling to explain on Friday how the breach could have happened after warnings from the inspector general and others. Michael Daniel, the White House\u2019s top cyberofficial, declined to speak on the record about the attack, and Lisa Monaco, who has been handling cyberissues as one of Mr. Obama\u2019s top national security officials, declined to be interviewed.', u'\u201cThe threat that we face is ever-evolving,\u201d said Josh Earnest, the White House press secretary. \u201cWe understand that there is this persistent risk out there. We take this very seriously.\u201d', u'Mr. Earnest said Mr. Obama\u2019s efforts to push legislation would bolster the nation\u2019s data.', u'\u201cWe need the United States Congress to come out of the Dark Ages and actually join us here in the 21st century to make sure that we have the kinds of defenses that are necessary to protect a modern computer system,\u201d he said.']), ([u"Lattice Semiconductor Open to Sale for 'High Premium': CEO"], [u"(Reuters) - Lattice Semiconductor Corp - one of just a handful of programmable-chip makers left after Intel Corp's deal to buy Altera Corp - is open to a sale, but only for a bigger premium than that offered by Intel, CEO Darin Billerbeck said.", u"Billerbeck singled out Qualcomm Inc and Taiwan's MediaTek Inc as good fits, but would not comment on whether Lattice was holding talks with either company.", u'"They see the flexibility we bring in ... but then there are also some of the communication guys, which see us pretty strong in programmability," Billerbeck said in an interview.', u'Qualcomm and MediaTek could not immediately be reached.', u'Lattice, which has a market value of about $740 million,  makes programmable logic chips and related software used in everything from smartphones to cars.', u'After the Intel-Altera deal, Lattice and Xilinx Inc are the only reasonably large standalone companies left in the programmable chip industry.', u'Lattice caters to the low-end of the market, while Xilinx focuses on higher-end products.', u"Intel, the world's biggest chipmaker, agreed to buy Altera last week for $16.7 billion, or $54 per share.", u"That represented a premium of just 10.5 percent to Altera's previous-day close, but was 56 percent more than the stock's price before the Wall Street Journal reported in March that the two companies were in merger talks.", u'"If someone walks in the door and gives us a solid offer at a high premium we are going to consider it," Billerbeck said.', u'FBR Capital analyst Christopher Rolland said Lattice was a "high probability acquisition target".', u'"They are sub-scale and would earn far more under a larger company umbrella," Rolland said.', u'Billerbeck said he did not think Lattice was an immediate takeover target, given the chip industry\'s current focus on large acquisitions. "However, that can change rapidly," he said.', u"Lattice, whose shares have fallen about 8 percent this year, reported revenue of about $366 million in 2014, an increase of about 10 percent. The stock was trading at $6.38 at midday on Thursday, up about 0.5 percent from Wednesday's close.", u'(Reporting By Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr)']), ([u'Leaked Documents Show U.S. Widened Internet Spying: N.Y. Times'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Documents leaked by Edward Snowden show that the U.S. government has widened the National Security Agency's warrantless surveillance of Americans' international Internet traffic in the hunt for hackers, the New York Times reported on Thursday.", u'The classified documents came from Snowden, the former NSA contractor who lives as a fugitive in Russia, and were shared with the Times and the investigative journalism non-profit ProPublica, the newspaper reported.', u'In mid-2012, Justice Department lawyers wrote two secret memos allowing the NSA to begin hunting on Internet cables, without a warrant and inside the United States, for data linked to computer intrusions originating abroad, the Times reported, citing the documents. It said the data included traffic that flows to suspicious Internet addresses or contains malware.', u'The disclosure of the documents come as U.S. financial institutions, businesses and government agencies are increasingly being targeted in cyberattacks, the Times noted.', u'The Times reported that the Justice Department permitted the NSA to monitor only addresses and "cybersignatures," patterns tied to computer intrusions, that it could link to foreign governments. But the documents showed that the spy agency sought to target hackers even when it could not establish links to foreign countries.', u'During a briefing, White House spokesman Josh Earnest said he was "not in a position to talk in a lot of detail about any sort of covert government programs that may or may not exist." But he said President Barack Obama\'s administration will remain vigilant about an "ever-evolving" cyber-threat that is increasing in frequency, scale, sophistication and severity.', u'Brian Hale, spokesman for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, was quoted by the Times as saying, "It should come as no surprise that the U.S. government gathers intelligence on foreign powers that attempt to penetrate U.S. networks and steal the private information of U.S. citizens and companies."', u'Hale also was quoted as saying that "targeting overseas individuals engaging in hostile cyberactivities on behalf of a foreign power is a lawful foreign intelligence purpose."', u'(Reporting by Will Dunham and Lisa Lambert; Editing by Doina Chiacu and Mohammad Zargham)']), ([u'Apple Watch to Hit Retail Stores on June 26'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it would start selling some models of its watch at its retail stores this month, and also roll out the gadget in seven more countries.', u'The watch has been on display in Apple stores around the world since April 10, when it became available for preorder online and at shops including trendy fashion boutiques in Paris, London and Tokyo.', u"Apple had directed people to order online, preventing long queues around its stores that have become a norm with the company's rollout of new products.", u'"We believe making the Apple Watch available for customers to purchase at an Apple retail store will drive increased sales volumes," Cantor Fitzgerald analysts wrote in a note.', u'The company said all orders, except one model, placed through May would be shipped to customers within two weeks.', u'"The response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way," said Jeff Williams, senior vice president of operations. "We\'re also making great progress with the backlog of Apple Watch orders."', u'The company has not given any sales figures for the watch since it began taking orders, but has often said demand was outstripping supply.', u'"We believe the company has made significant progress in reducing its backlog as production ramps," S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino said in an email.', u'Shipments of at least 30 million watches were plausible next year, Zino said.', u'Apple Watch will be launched in Italy, Mexico, Spain, South Korea, Singapore, Switzerland and Taiwan on June 26, the company said. The watch is currently available in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan and the UK.', u"Apart from online stores, customers in these countries can also buy the devices at Apple's retail stores and some authorized resellers.", u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Arathy Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'Alcoa Supplying Aerospace Aluminum for Samsung Galaxy 6 Phones'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Metals company Alcoa Inc said on Thursday it is supplying aerospace-grade aluminum to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for its Galaxy S6 and S6 edge models, enabling the smartphone maker to produce more durable and sleeker phones.', u'Phones made with 6013 Alcoa Power Plate, which is 70 percent stronger than standard aluminum are available now globally, Alcoa said.', u"This latest announcement fits New York-based Alcoa's strategy of moving away from costly traditional smelting and refining toward more value-added businesses such as automotive and aerospace.", u"\u201dAlcoa\u2019s Power Plate is the perfect fit to create the phones that our customers want: thinner, lighter, and stronger,\u201d DJ Koh, executive vice president of Samsung's mobile communication business said in a statement put out by Alcoa.", u"Part of aluminum's strength comes from heat treatment. The plates are a few millimeters thick and are produced in South Korea.", u"Sales of Samsung's flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones reached 6 million units at the end of April, less than a month after their launch, researcher Counterpoint said on Tuesday.", u"Counterpoint said it expected sales for the new Samsung flagship phones to reach 50 million by the end of the year, which could make it the world's top-selling smartphone ahead of the iPhone 6 series from rival Apple IncO>.", u'While the flat-screen S6 sold more in April, the researcher said sales of the curved-screen S6 edge would have been higher had it not been for supply constraints.', u'Samsung has said supply problems for the edge model will be resolved within the current quarter.', u'(Reporting by Nick Carey; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Apple Watch: Soon Available for Sale in Stores'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Soon you'll be able to buy an Apple Watch like you'd buy most other watches \u2014 in a store.", u"Two months after Apple began taking online orders for its newest product, the company said Thursday it plans to begin selling some models in its retail stores in two weeks. Apple also said it's cutting through a backlog of online orders, with most watches ordered by end of May shipping within two weeks.", u"The smartwatch has been on display in Apple stores in the United States and eight other countries, where customers could examine and try them on. But they couldn't buy one and wear it out the door. Apple has said that was because supplies were limited.", u"Just how many watches Apple has sold is up for debate. The Cupertino, California, company hasn't released any sales figures, prompting some industry analysts to speculate demand was lower than expected. Others cite reports of manufacturing problems in Asia as evidence that supplies were unexpectedly constrained.", u'Apple also said Thursday that it will begin selling the watch in more countries later this month, adding Italy, Mexico, Singapore, South Korea, Spain, Switzerland and Taiwan.', u'In a statement Thursday, Apple Senior Vice President Jeff Williams said "the response to Apple Watch has surpassed our expectations in every way." He did not offer details.']), ([u"Israeli Arabs Seeking Greater Share in Country's Tech Start-Up Success"], [u'TEL AVIV \u2014  Israel\'s Arab minority is seeking its share of high-tech success in a "start-up nation", a quest that has already turned Jesus\'s boyhood town of Nazareth into an incubator for innovation.', u'But scarce funding, long-entrenched discrimination and the disadvantage, in Israel, of not serving in its military are all obstacles the Arab community faces in breaking new ground.', u'Over the past decade about 7,000 tech companies have been founded in Israel, where high-tech goods and services account for 12.5 percent of gross domestic product.', u"Only 30 Arab-led tech firms, however, the majority of them in software, are generating revenue, according to Israel's Economy Ministry. For example, SolidRun makes small cube-shaped computers sold through distributors in Europe and Australia and throughout the world over the Internet.", u'There are also several dozen, pre-revenue Arab start-ups,\xa0focused on the natural sciences, medical devices, hardware and Internet, mostly in Nazareth.', u"An official source said that from 2010-2015 the Israeli government budgeted $739 million to economic development of the Arab sector including tech entrepreneurship, of which the most notable initiatives are in Nazareth, Israel's biggest Arab town.", u'"We are seeing more Nazareth-based start-ups thriving," said Fadi Swidan, director of the government-funded Nazareth Business Incubator Center (NBIC). Microsoft, IBM and others provide free services to the new companies.', u"But access to start-up funding, especially from key private sources, has often been the biggest challenge: Nazareth, is a 90-minute drive from Tel Aviv, the country's main commercial center, and not on the radar of most investors.", u"And with few Arabs in Israel's army, the source of much of the country's innovation, they cannot tap into relationships built during military service that help many Jewish entrepreneurs. For their part, Arab investors prefer more traditional investments, such as real estate.", u'"Entrepreneurs in Nazareth can be the bridge between Israel and 400 million Arabs (around the Middle East)," said ', u' businessman Abdul Malik Al Jaber, a former CEO of telecoms provider Zain Jordan and founder of MENA Apps, which invests in start-ups in the region.', u'"Imagine if you have a joint Israeli-Palestinian investment in a start-up and it is sold for $1 billion like (Israeli navigation app) Waze. Imagine the impact this would have on the peace process," said Malik, who invested in start-up Edunation, a social-learning platform targeted at universities in Arab countries.', u'Peace negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians have been frozen since April last year.', u'Some 2,200 Arabs worked in high-tech in Israel at the end of 2014, many in the northern offices of large firms such as billing software provider Amdocs.', u"Change can already be seen at the Technion University in the northern Israeli city of Haifa. Often referred to as the MIT of Israel, about 21 percent of its undergraduate students in 2014 were Arab - the same proportion as in Israel's overall population of 8.3 million, and up from 11 percent in 2001.", u'VISIBILITY', u'Since its founding in 2012, the NBIC has worked with 70 Arab companies, of which a fifth have secured outside funding.', u'While some graduates of the Nazareth incubator are standing on their own feet, there is still no "success story" like a company acquired for a large sum, said Swidan.', u'He pointed to Maktoob, an Arab-language portal from neighboring Jordan acquired by Yahoo in 2009, as the type of success to which Israeli Arabs should aspire.', u'Swidan is trying to increase the visibility of Arab firms by attracting them to economically thriving central Israel to meet potential investors, such as at an event near Tel Aviv last week sponsored by the U.S. Embassy.', u'One such company is Optima Design Automation, which develops software to solve the problem of "soft errors" -- nuclear particles that disrupt the operation of electronic chips.', u"Optima secured a grant from the Israeli Chief Scientist's Office -- which funds 85 percent of research at Arab-led start-ups compared with the usual 50 percent it allocates to other companies. Its technology is being validated by a chipmaker in California's Silicon Valley.", u"Jamil Mazzawi, Optima's founder, said discrimination faced by Arabs in the sector has diminished in recent years.", u"Although he found a job in 1993 after studying computer engineering at the Technion University, many Arab engineers couldn't find employment and turned to teaching or moved abroad.", u'Government programs to encourage tech firms to hire Arabs have begun to bear fruit in the past five years and Mazzawi said it is much easier now for Arab engineers to land a job. But for entrepreneurs raising investment, conditions remain tough.', u'"I am funding my company for over two years from my own money," he said.', u'(Editing by Jeffrey Heller and Mark Heinrich)']), ([u'Financial Software Maker SunGard Files for IPO'], [u'(Reuters) - SunGard, a financial software maker, filed with U.S. regulators on Thursday for an initial public offering of its common stock.', u'Pennsylvania-based SunGard is also exploring an outright sale with Fidelity National Information Services Inc among the companies that have shown interest, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be identified discussing it publicly.', u'Representatives for Fidelity National Information Services were not immediately available for comment outside regular U.S. business hours.', u'SunGard, which has more than 15,000 customers, mainly provides trading and investment management software to financial firms.', u'SunGard was acquired for $11.4 billion in 2005 by Silver Lake Partners LP [SILAK.UL], TPG Capital LP, Bain Capital LLC, Blackstone Group LP, Goldman Sachs Capital Partners LP, KKR & Co LP and Providence Equity Partners Inc.', u'One of the largest leveraged buyouts that preceded the 2008 financial crisis, SunGard is one of the longest-held investments in private equity history.', u'SunGard had hired investment banks for an IPO that could value the company at up to $10 billion, including debt, Reuters reported last month, citing sources.', u'The filing included a nominal fundraising target of about $100 million.', u'JP Morgan, Barclays and Goldman Sachs are among the underwriters to the IPO, the company said.', u'SunGard reported a 1.7 percent rise in revenue to $2.8 billion for the year ended Dec. 31. The company posted a net loss of $222 million, compared with a profit of $62 million a year earlier.', u'The filing did not reveal how many shares the company planned to sell or the exchange it plans to list on.', u'The amount of money a company says it plans to raise in its first IPO filings is used to calculate registration fees. The final size of the IPO could be different.', u'(Reporting by Neha Dimri in Bengaluru & Gregory Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Huawei Sees Rapid Smartphone Growth in South Africa: CEO'], [u"CAPE TOWN \u2014  China's Huawei Technologies company expects to double smartphone device import to South Africa, reaching 2 million this year, chief executive of the local unit said on Thursday.", u'"Last year we sold 1 million devices and this year in 2015 we will double the shipment," Steven Wu told reporters on the sidelines of a conference.', u"Huawei is keen to take advantage of Africa's smartphone growth potential, which analysts suggest will continue to boom as cheaper phones accelerate penetration that will rise from about 79 million at end 2012 to 412 million by 2018.", u'Besides South Africa, Huawei was eyeing greater investments in Angola, Nigeria, Egypt and Mozambique.', u'(Reporting by Wendell Roelf; Editing by Tiisetso Motsoeneng)']), ([u'Upload the Pictures, and Let Google Photos Do the Rest'], [u'I DON\u2019T take a lot of photographs. I have a pretty decent camera with me at all times \u2014 my iPhone 5s \u2014 but organizing hundreds or thousands of photos has never seemed worth the effort.', u'My habits may change now that I\u2019ve tried ', u', a free service introduced last week that may do for image storage what Gmail did for email.', u'The premise behind Google Photos is simple, and it works. Take all the photos you want, back them up automatically into the cloud and use Google\u2019s powerful image search abilities to find them later \u2014 no sorting necessary.', u'Photos has its roots in Google Plus, the company\u2019s less-than-popular social networking service, which had photo backup and editing tools, although not to this degree. But Katie Watson, a spokeswoman for Google, said Photos was \u201cmore than just a shift over from Google Plus Photos and rather an entirely new experience.\u201d', u'My photo library wasn\u2019t exactly bursting at the seams, so to give this software something to work with, I uploaded about 8,000 of my wife\u2019s photos from my desktop computer using some ', u' offers. The uploading ran overnight and was finished by the time I woke up in the morning.', u'The experience is simple and clean and will be familiar to Google users. The photos initially are displayed in a chronological stream. Scroll down and the years roll by. Pinch to zoom and the display can show just a few pictures or zoom out for smaller thumbnails and quicker scrolling.', u'Searches are impressive. I knew I had a lot of dog photos, but I didn\u2019t realize I had so many photos of waterfalls and mountains. It automatically sorts the pictures into People, Places and Things, and the facial recognition is eerily accurate. It showed me dozens of people who recur in my photographs and did a pretty good job of sorting them accurately.', u'The photos are easy to edit. Click a picture and tap the icons for editing and filters, or post the picture on Twitter or send it as a Snapchat.', u'Google says there is free unlimited storage, and that is true with a couple of caveats: Photos can be no bigger than 16 megapixels and high-definition movies can top out at 1080p.', u'Since Photos seems aimed primarily at smartphone shutterbugs, this should not be a major concern.', u'The iPhone 6 has an eight-megapixel camera and shoots up to 1080p video. The Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge, the latest model of this popular Android phone, has a 16-megapixel camera \u2014 right at Google\u2019s ceiling for photo resolution. However, the S6 Edge shoots video in the ultrahigh-definition format known as 4K, so those video clips stored free with Google will be downsized.', u'Even at the smaller file sizes, some of the photos and videos get compressed, losing some detail if you want to print them large. To store photos and videos at their original size without compression, or above those size limits, they count against ', u'. The first 15 gigabytes are free, and after that, 100 gigabytes will run $2 a month; one terabyte costs $10 a month.', u'All that free storage is great. But the real magic of Google Photos lies in search and the service\u2019s array of features known as the Assistant.', u'With the 8,000 images I uploaded, the Assistant \u2014 part editor and part wizard \u2014 had been hard at work. The feature automatically creates stylized photos, making a pretty landscape into something more surreal, or a Las Vegas street scene gritty and black and white. (There are filters the user can apply as well, in a solid but simple suite of editing tools.) The Assistant will also automatically stitch together photos it suspects are suitable for panoramas, put together collages and create animations from sequences of photos.', u'The animations aren\u2019t always perfect. I wish I\u2019d taken more photos at the far turn during the Kentucky Derby a few years back \u2014 three or four photos don\u2019t make for a particularly good animation. Another, of players during a baseball game, turned out great.', u'The panoramas, in particular, are well executed. Pictures of the Manhattan skyline seen from Queens during the 9/11 Tribute in Light became even more striking, no Photoshop necessary.', u'The Assistant also creates \u201cStories,\u201d essentially a photo album with a few neat tricks. The best of these are albums from vacations. The Stories neatly compiled day-by-day trip reports using our vacation photos. There are little map animations, too, so a trip that started in Madrid is traced with a red line to Zaragoza, Spain, because the data knows our date and location. (That information is generally embedded in smartphone images.)', u'These pictures have so much personal information with them that privacy concerns are a given. Ms. Watson, the Google spokeswoman, said user photographs would never be used commercially, unless Google asked for the user\u2019s explicit permission. For a little extra security, Google will strip out the location data when you share any images. (To make that change, select the last item in the Settings menu.) If you are comfortable with Gmail, Photos should not be a concern.', u'The initial draw for Google Photos is probably going to be all that storage. But don\u2019t be surprised when the search power and the sweet personal touches of the Assistant keep you coming back again and again.']), ([u'Changing the Look of Excel'], [u' ', u' Just as you ', u' for the documents you create in Microsoft Word, you can ', u' for Excel files. In recent versions of Microsoft Excel for Windows, click the File tab in the Ribbon toolbar and then click Options. In the Excel Options box, click the General tab.', u'In the \u201cWhen creating new workbooks\u201d section of the Options box, use the drop-down menus to choose a new default font and a different font size. The General Options has other settings to adjust too, like the overall Excel color scheme and the number of sheets in a workbook.', u'When you have made your changes, click the OK button and restart Microsoft Excel. The new workbooks you create from now on should reflect your new default font settings and whatever else you changed in the Options box.', u' ', u' Those telescoping monopods typically connect to the phone wirelessly over Bluetooth, or by a cable that plugs into the phone\u2019s headphone jack. Once the phone is linked electronically to the accessory, you press a button on the end of the stick to capture your self-portrait.', u'Some models include a small Bluetooth remote control to use as a shutter button. Certain cheap selfie sticks are basically just long poles with clamps to hold the phone; you take a photo by setting the timer in the camera app.', u'If you plan to get a stick to document your summer vacation travel, you may want to check ahead. Many ', u' because of safety and crowd-control concerns.', u' The inability to distinguish colors can make navigating a computer\u2019s operating system harder, but the accessibility features built into ', u' and ', u' might help. (Mobile devices have similar settings of their own.)', u'In Windows 7 and Windows 8, you can increase the color contrast for some of the text and images on the screen so you can see them better. To ', u' in most editions of Windows 7, go to the Start button, select Control Panel and search for \u201cChange window colors and metrics.\u201d In the Basic and High Contrast Themes areas, select the color combination that is easiest for you to see. In ', u', you can get to the High Contrast settings in the desktop mode by pressing the Windows and U keys, or by clicking (or tapping) the Ease of Access icon in the lower-left corner of the Windows 8 sign-in screen.', u'In OS X, click the System Preferences icon in the Dock. In the box that appears, click the Accessibility icon and then Display to ', u'the screen colors. Mac ', u' let you change the screen even faster. On a Mac laptop, press the Function, Command, Option and F5 keys to open the Accessibility Options box, where you can invert the screen colors and adjust the contrast; on a Mac desktop computer, press the Command, Option and F5 keys instead.', u'Browser extensions that help compensate for partial colorblindness can be another aid for some people. The recently released ', u' (free in the Google Chrome Store) is one such option out there; it uses an adjustable filter to help with color perception when web-browsing.']), ([u'In Tech: Microsoft Tries to Win Mobile Friends'], [u'Looking for a new app for making "to-do" lists on your Apple or Android phone? You could use Apple\'s Reminders or Google\'s Keep. But Microsoft is hoping you\'ll try Wunderlist, created by a German tech startup that Microsoft bought this week.', u"Microsoft's acquisition of German firm 6Wunderkinder this week for an undisclosed sum is part of its broader effort to win friends in the mobile world. It is still promoting its Windows operating software for smartphones, but relatively few consumers are buying Windows phones. So the company is also building a stable of apps for devices that run on Apple's iOS and Google's Android platforms.", u"That includes Android and iOS versions of Microsoft's Office programs, which the Redmond, Washington, company created in-house and released earlier this year. Then there's a mobile calendar called Sunrise, made by a company Microsoft bought in February. Microsoft Corp. also bought the startup behind an email app called Accompli, which \u2014 like Sunrise and Wunderlist \u2014 has won praise from tech reviewers for its clean design and useful features.", u'Microsoft has since rebranded the Accompli app as "Outlook" for mobile devices. But it\'s still offering the Sunrise calendar and Wunderlist apps under their original names, while planning to use some of their features in other services. All the apps have a free version. Microsoft hopes they\'ll eventually win people over to services that make money from subscriptions or ads.', u'___', u'TAKING A MAGIC LEAP THAT STRADDLES REAL AND VIRTUAL WORLD', u'Magic Leap, a secretive startup backed by Google, is working on a breakthrough that it promises will make people feel like wizards starring in their own personal ', u' movie.', u'Although the technology is still shrouded in mystery, Magic Leap CEO Rony Abovitz describes it as a way to manipulate "rivers of light" so digital content normally seen on the screens of personal computers and mobile devices appears as holograms. Geeks typically refer to this concept as "augmented reality." Abovitz prefers to think of it as "cinematic" or "mixed" reality.', u'"We are giving people a paintbrush to paint all the world," Abovitz said Tuesday during a rare appearance at a San Francisco conference presented by the MIT Technology Review.', u'Abovitz is still being cagey about when Magic Leap will begin selling its products, but it might not be too much longer. He revealed that the Dania Beach, Florida, company is planning to manufacture a "photonic lightfield chip" in a 300,000-square-foot plant. The expansion is being financed by Google Inc. and other prominent investors, including Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen, who have poured $592 million into Magic Leap so far.', u'Another sign of progress: Magic Leap is getting ready to release a software kit that will enable outside developers create games and other content that will work with the technology.', u'"We are a dream factory where you dream something and then make it happen," Abovitz said.', u'___', u'INSTA-ADS? PHOTO APP BOOSTS ADVERTISING', u"Instagram's more than 300 million users will soon see a lot more advertisements in their feed of travelscapes, breakfast scones and stylish babies.", u"When Facebook bought Instagram in 2012, the popular, free photo-sharing app had no ads. Since then, Instagram has been careful to only show a few, hand-picked ads in users' feeds, for fear of alienating its fiercely loyal following \u2014 or marring the Instagram experience. But we all knew that wouldn't last.", u'This week, Instagram announced that it will make ads on its app "available to businesses of all types and sizes." Advertisers will also be able to target their messages to users based on their age, location and gender, as well as their interests and things they follow on Instagram.', u'"Working with Facebook, we will enable advertisers to reach people on Instagram based on demographics and interests, as well as information businesses have about their own customers," reads a blog post from Instagram.', u'To start, Instagram will be open to what it calls a "select group" of Facebook marketing partners and agencies, and will expand worldwide throughout the year.', u'___', u'With contributions from AP Technology Writers Brandon Bailey and Michael Liedtke in San Francisco and Barbara Ortutay in New York.']), ([u'A Talking Teddy Bear Practicing in the Pediatric Hospital'], [u'Can a robotic teddy bear help alleviate anxiety, pain and isolation for children in a hospital?', u'That is the hope of Dr. Peter Weinstock, the director of a training program at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital called the Simulator Program, and Cynthia Breazeal, the director of the personal robots group at ', u'\u2019s Media Lab. The two have collaborated to bring ', u', a social robot prototype developed at the lab, into the hospital, which is financing a 90-person study to determine whether the robot can have therapeutic value for children who have to endure long hospital stays.', u'The device, essentially a high-tech puppet, can talk and play with patients with the aid of a remote operator. For the continuing study, one-third of the children play with Huggable, another third interact with an image of it on a tablet and the rest are given a regular plush teddy bear. All the children are recorded on video and wear a bracelet, called a ', u', that measures physiological changes.', u'The hospital is beginning to collect and analyze the data with the help of researchers from Northeastern University. Dr. Weinstock hopes the study will help doctors better understand children\u2019s emotional states, something he has referred to as the fourth vital sign. \u201cWe think a lot about heart rate, ', u' and how much oxygen is in the blood, but we don\u2019t have a great monitor for how the child is feeling right now,\u201d he said. \u201cWhat we do know is that children who are happier, who feel better, it can have a big effect on healing.\u201d', u'Boston Children\u2019s has invested $500,000 in social robotics research, including the Huggable study, according to the hospital.', u'For her part, Dr. Breazeal said she wanted to work toward making Huggable capable of operating autonomously, without the aid of a puppeteer. The robot could be a soothing distraction and simultaneously capture data and information from patients, which would be fed to hospital staff, improving the continuity of care.', u'\u201cWe could someday see this as a standard of care, where every child who comes into the pediatric hospital might get something like this,\u201d Dr. Breazeal said. \u201cIt\u2019s not only the health and emotional and recovery benefits, but also logistical and financial, improving efficiency to the overall health system.\u201d ']), ([u'Spotify Wants Listeners to Break Down Music Barriers'], [u'In the last few weeks, my two children, ages 4 and 2, have suddenly become obsessed with Simon and Garfunkel.', u'At their insistence, the 1960s folk duo is the only music we listen to during car rides. My son, the older child, can recite several lines of \u201cThe Sound of Silence,\u201d a single that hit the pop charts nearly half a century before he was born. Their interest in 1960s-era folk came on the heels of their deep dive into Maroon 5, the annoyingly catchy pop group; a monthslong mania for Michael Jackson; and an intermittent passion for a staggering range of singles from every era and genre.', u'Their cultural acumen is entirely the product of technology \u2014 in particular, being introduced to new artists through Spotify, the world\u2019s largest subscription music-streaming service. According to executives at Spotify, my children offer a peek at the future of music consumption. Spotify, which has just introduced a new version of its app, says that because online streaming services let us call up and listen to anything we like, and because its curated playlists push us toward new stuff, we are all increasingly escaping rigid genres.', u'That trend looks sure to accelerate as streaming becomes ubiquitous. At its ', u' on Monday, ', u' based on its acquisition of Beats, the company co-founded by the music impresarios Dr. Dre and Jimmy Iovine, and best known for its headphones.', u'There\u2019s also ', u', the radio service that claims nearly 80 million listeners, and Rhapsody, a streaming service that offers only a paid version, which it recently said has about 2.5 million users. Rdio, another streaming service, recently introduced a plan that goes for $4 a month, less than the standard $10 price. And there\u2019s Tidal, ', u' new service ', u'.', u'Google and Amazon both offer music plans, too, and Google\u2019s subsidiary YouTube, which is in many ways the world\u2019s largest jukebox, ', u'.', u'Spotify itself has about 60 million active users, 15 million of whom pay $10 per month for an ad-free premium version. On average, the company said, the service exposes each of these listeners to one new artist every day. That is making listeners less beholden to music of certain styles and eras. Instead, many of us will try anything, just because we can easily sample it online.', u'Spotify is betting that fixed musical genres will fade away. In ', u' rolling out to iPhone users, the company has expanded its effort to program for moods and activities rather than merely certain kinds of musical tastes.', u'\u201cWhat we want to do is make Spotify more of a ritual,\u201d said Shiva Rajaraman, the company\u2019s vice president of product. \u201cYou\u2019ll begin to use it for a set of habits, and we will start to feed content for every slot in your day.\u201d', u'The app uses a variety of computerized filters to personalize its recommendations, but in general, Spotify is betting on a wider palate. To achieve its goal of programming your entire day, Spotify has to show there\u2019s a lot more to music than the narrow band of songs you think you like; instead, there are many tracks and artists that you may have never considered, but that may match a particular moment or activity the app thinks you\u2019re likely to be doing, from waking up to working to exercising. The company said its data supports this premise: playlists based on moods and activities \u2014 like \u201crunning,\u201d \u201cfocus\u201d and \u201cparty,\u201d which contain songs that may cross many genres \u2014 are just as popular as those for specific genres like rock, pop and hip-hop.', u'If Spotify is right about our increasing willingness to try new stuff \u2014 and critics who follow the pop charts said it may be \u2014 the trend could upend how we think about music.', u'Until recently, because of the narrowcasting ethos of terrestrial radio, music was fiercely segregated by genre. In an era less bound by those niches and instead dominated by an online free-for-all, we may discover new artists more quickly than in the past \u2014 though, on the other side of the coin, we may also develop less fierce attachments to certain artists, flitting, as my children do, between anything and everything. For better or worse, streaming services may turn us into cultural nomads.', u'Spotify\u2019s effort to program beyond genres is also a canny bit of salesmanship. The company\u2019s biggest hurdle may not be competing services but rather artists, many of whom have been vociferous about their disappointment with the economics of streaming music. Last year, Taylor Swift \u2014 whose nimble crossing from country to pop offers perhaps the clearest proof of Spotify\u2019s argument that we are less bound by genres \u2014 ', u'.', u'\u201cI think this is a very focused campaign to try to prove to the industry that they are artist-friendly, and that they are helping to discover new artists,\u201d said Jeffrey Rabhan, chair of the ', u' at New York University.', u'After using Spotify\u2019s new app for a couple weeks, the company\u2019s argument sounded more plausible to me. By suggesting tracks based on my activities and parts of the day, I found the service exposed me to music out of my comfort zone. One early morning, the app suggested \u201cEpic Uplifting Sunrise,\u201d a playlist that consists of soaring ', u' instrumentalists, including the Icelandic band Sigur R\xf3s. I\u2019ve previously found Sigur R\xf3s to be about as pleasant as ', u', but something about listening in the morning, just before coffee, seemed to register. I got into it; it felt uplifting and, indeed, epic, just as promised. I played the playlist every morning for three days, and by the fourth day I was recommending post-rock to my wife.', u'Chris Molanphy, a pop critic and pop chart analyst who writes for Slate and National Public Radio, told me Spotify\u2019s power to expose listeners to new songs resonates beyond the service itself. The Billboard charts now count plays on Spotify and YouTube in their calculation of the country\u2019s top hits. Programmers for radio stations also look at these services to decide what to add to their rotations.', u'As a result, Mr. Molanphy said, Internet plays are pushing quirky new acts to the top of the charts faster than ever. He pointed to Gotye\u2019s \u201cSomebody That I Used to Know,\u201d an unusual hit that catapulted to the top in 2012; \u201cRoyals,\u201d by the New Zealand teenager Lorde, which was an early online hit before it topped the charts in 2013; and Hozier\u2019s \u201cTake Me to Church,\u201d which dominated radio last year.', u'\u201cThese were all songs that were different from what radio was playing, and radio tends to be a homogeneous medium,\u201d Mr. Molanphy said.', u'That\u2019s the good news. The bad news is that many of the new artists tend to be one-hit wonders; in fact, 2014 was one of the ', u'. \u201cThere\u2019s just far less loyalty, and many artists are having a hard time following up on their hits,\u201d Mr. Molanphy said \u2014 Taylor Swift being the sole notable exception.', u'Streaming services have bred a musical culture that more closely resembles a cocktail buffet than a sit-down dinner: We sample widely, and when we find something we like we binge, but we don\u2019t necessarily stick around to savor. I expect that soon my children will forget about Paul Simon. My son is already asking about Dylan.']), ([u'Video Feature: Streaming Music Apps for a Variety of Tastes'], [u'Apple, which helped popularize digital music, has ', u' in recent years as consumers have moved toward streaming music services and away from music downloads through its iTunes service. Next week, ', u', based on Beats Music, which it ', u' last year.', u'So it\u2019s a good moment to take stock of the streaming music apps that are already available. There are many that you can try, and they are often free.', u' may be the best known of the bunch. Instead of having just a few music files stored on your phone, you can get access to the roughly 20 million songs in Spotify\u2019s catalog and listen to the tracks streamed over the airwaves to your device.', u'The app \u2014 free to download on ', u', ', u' and ', u' \u2014 is similar on all three operating systems. You can search for a particular track or artist, and stream free music. You can build a playlist of various tracks like a mix tape, or just play a single song or album. A social media feature lets you see what music your friends have been listening to, and share your music choices.', u'In addition, Spotify has a radio stationlike system that will play a sequence of tracks from a particular artist, a genre like pop or even moods like \u201cchill.\u201d The downside is that you may find yourself frequently pressing skip because of poor track choices.', u'On Spotify\u2019s free service, you cannot play a single track at a time; you have to shuffle-play a particular artist or playlist, and you are allowed only six skips an hour. Ads embedded in the audio stream can become annoying and might encourage you to buy the ad-free service for $10 a month.', u' is similar to Spotify, with more than 35 million tracks. It can be searched for songs, albums or artists, or users can take advantage of recommendations to find new music based on a chosen genre or mood.', u'Rdio has a \u201cYou FM\u201d radiolike streaming service that is particularly good because it is tailored to your musical taste. It also has some social media features based on Twitter and Facebook, so you can see other users\u2019 listening habits and share your own. Like Spotify, it has an offline mode so if you know you are going off the grid for a while, you can download tracks you want to listen to then. And the interface is less complex than Spotify\u2019s.', u'The app is free on ', u', ', u' and ', u'. It offers good audio quality as part of its free ad-supported subscription level, but if you pay for the premium levels, you can choose higher quality. Premium services start at $5 a month for an ad-free experience that has limited offline downloads, and rises to $10 a month for a level without restrictions.', u'Google, too, has its own music streaming system,', u'. The system has about the same number of tracks in its catalog as Spotify, with similar audio quality. The app works best on ', u', as you might expect since Google helped develop Android. If you already buy music from Google Play, Google Play Music is a great companion service. There is a limited ', u' version of the app.', u'While Google Play Music has a free listening subscription level, you still have to enter your credit card details. The app is also less visually attractive than its rivals. Its ', u' is $10 a month.', u', ', u', is a newer streaming music app. The selling point for Tidal is its high-quality audio; it also pays artists more than other services. Tidal has more than 20 million songs in its catalog, as well as thousands of music videos and interesting articles. Yet its interface is nothing special, and there is no free listening tier. Subscriptions start at $13 a month, and very high-quality audio costs $25 a month. The app itself is free on ', u'and ', u'.', u'Lastly, ', u' is an unusual streaming service. This app delivers a playlist of 10 songs every Monday at noon, Pacific time. The tracks are curated by a team that scans top music blogs to discover the most interesting new music. Though Noon Pacific updates weekly, you can also listen to more than 100 previously curated playlists. Noon Pacific is free on ', u' and ', u'.', u'The productivity app expert Readdle has a new email offering for iOS called ', u'. The intent is to take the strain out of managing your email accounts. Spark also has Apple Watch integration, which allows you to respond to emails from your watch. Try it ', u'.']), ([u'Computer Scientists Are Astir After Baidu Team Is Barred From A.I. Competition'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A group of researchers at the Chinese web services company Baidu have been barred from participating in an international competition for artificial intelligence technology after organizers discovered that the Baidu scientists broke the contest\u2019s rules.', u'The competition, which is known as the \u201cLarge Scale Visual Recognition Challenge,\u201d is organized annually by computer scientists at Stanford University, the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and the University of Michigan.', u'It requires that computer systems created by the teams classify the objects in a set of digital images into 1,000 different categories. The rules of the contest permit each team to run test versions of their programs twice weekly ahead of a final submission as they train their programs to \u201clearn\u201d what they are seeing.', u'However, on Tuesday, the contest organizers posted ', u' noting that between November and May 30, different accounts had been used by the Baidu team to submit more than 200 times to the contest server, \u201cfar exceeding the specified limit of two submissions per week.\u201d', u'Jitendra Malik, a University of California computer scientist who is a pioneer in the field of computer vision, compared the accusations against Baidu to drug use in the Olympics. \u201cIf you run a 9.5-second 100-meter sprint, but you are on steroids, then how can your result be trusted?\u201d Mr. Malik said.', u'The episode has raised concern within the computer science community, in part because the field of artificial intelligence has historically been plagued by claims that run far ahead of actual science.', u'Indeed, as early as 1958, when Frank Rosenblatt introduced the first so-called neural network system, ', u' suggested that it might lead to \u201cthinking machines\u201d that could read and write within a single year.', u'In the 1960s, when John McCarthy, the scientist who coined the term \u201cartificial intelligence,\u201d proposed a new research laboratory to Pentagon officials, he claimed that building a working artificial intelligence system would take a decade. When that did not happen, the field went through periods of decline in the 1970s and 1980s, which have since been described as \u201cA.I. winters.\u201d', u'Now rapid progress in a hot artificial intelligence field known as \u201cdeep learning\u201d has touched off a computing arms race among powerful companies like Facebook, Google, IBM, Microsoft and Baidu, and scientists at each company have trumpeted improved performance in vision and speech recognition.', u'As the companies compete in new services as varied as self-driving cars or online personal assistants that converse with mobile phone users, the technologies have moved from the backwater of academic journals to front-page news.', u'With that has come controversy. In the past year, technologists and scientists like Elon Musk, founder of Tesla; Stephen Hawking, the celebrated physicist; and Bill Gates, co-founder of Microsoft, have warned that the potential emergence of self-aware computing systems might prove to be an existential threat to humanity.', u'But artificial intelligence researchers have a more basic concern: that their work will once again fall short of expectations, leading to yet another fallow period for their field.', u'And the Baidu controversy adds to the fretting.', u'This year, Baidu announced that it had built a custom supercomputer named Minwa with the intention of dedicating it to the image recognition contest. Baidu researchers subsequently made a series of announcements about the success of the computer, including one playing up a result more accurate than an earlier score by Google scientists.', u'On May 4, Baidu posted an article on its technology blog headlined \u201cBaidu Achieves Top Results on Image Recognition Challenge.\u201d The article has since been removed.', u'Contest organizers said in a statement that by submitting many slightly different solutions it was possible for Baidu to \u201cachieve a small but potentially significant advantage\u201d and \u201cchoose methods for further research.\u201d', u'Because Baidu had submitted so many more times than was permissible, it would not be possible to fairly compare its results with those of other teams, the statement said. \u201cWe therefore requested that they refrain from submitting to the evaluation server or the challenge for the next 12 months,\u201d the judges said.', u'The computer science community has been buzzing.', u'\u201cWe are all wondering what scenario took place behind this debacle,\u201d said Yann LeCun, a Facebook artificial intelligence researcher and one of the creators of the deep learning field. \u201cWas it the actions of a lone young researcher under intense pressure to deliver, and under weak oversight by his senior co-authors?\u201d', u'The Baidu episode raises broader questions about scientific research in an era when the lines have begun to blur between basic science and new technologies that have huge commercial potential.', u'Image- and speech-recognition technologies are being used to deploy a variety of powerful new services in the Internet and computing markets. For example, Microsoft is expected to make the improved quality of its speech technology a major selling point in its new Windows 10 operating systems, due to be released in July.', u'A number of computer science researchers said they were concerned about the episode but declined to speak on the record, in part because it is not yet clear what the motive of the Baidu researchers actually was.', u'Scientists organizing the competition, also called the ImageNet Challenge, posted a comment by a Baidu researcher, Ren Wu, who is based in the company\u2019s Silicon Valley research office.', u'\u201cWe apologize for this mistake and are continuing to review the results. We have added a note to our research paper, ', u' and will continue to provide relevant updates as we learn more,\u201d the statement read. \u201cWe are staunch supporters of fairness and transparency in the ImageNet Challenge and are committed to the integrity of the scientific process.\u201d']), ([u'Apple Takes On a Market Full of Streaming Services'], [u'When it comes to streaming music, is ', u' arriving too late or right on time?', u'The music industry is pondering that question as ', u' prepares for an event in San Francisco on Monday at which it is ', u'the most sweeping changes to its music offerings since it introduced the iTunes store 12 years ago and revolutionized the way songs were bought and sold.', u'The new features will include a subscription streaming plan to ', u', as well as updates to the iTunes Radio service that will go up against both Pandora and traditional broadcasters, according to people briefed on the company\u2019s plans, who spoke on condition of anonymity.', u'With these changes, Apple is embracing streaming music, which has grown quickly over the last few years even as sales of downloads have dropped.', u'Yet Apple will be entering a market where others, including Spotify, Deezer and Rhapsody, have already taken root among some of the most active music consumers. Spotify, for example, the largest streaming service, started in 2008 and has signed up 60 million users around the world, 15 million of whom pay for monthly subscriptions.', u'At the same time, analysts say, Apple\u2019s sheer size and reach \u2014 it has sold over 700 million iPhones alone \u2014 gives the company an advantage over every other player, and may allow it to dominate a fast-growing market.', u'\u201cApple is not too late, but they are certainly playing catch-up,\u201d said Jan Dawson, an independent technology analyst for Jackdaw Research. \u201cIt\u2019s a crowded market, and they will have to find ways to set themselves apart.\u201d', u'Apple is said to still be haggling with record labels and music publishers over licensing terms, according to executives briefed on the talks. If those talks fail, Apple\u2019s announcement could potentially be changed or even postponed, these executives said, though they added that Apple has often completed such deals at the last minute in the past.', u'Neither Apple nor the major record labels would comment.', u'For the music companies, the sticking points include how much Apple should pay with new features like far more extensive radio programming and a promotional tier in which artists can upload free content for their fans. The subscription streaming service will cost $10 a month, with free trial periods of perhaps two or three months, according to people briefed on the talks. A social networking component is also expected.', u'\u201cThey don\u2019t want to launch just a Spotify competitor,\u201d said one major-label executive, who spoke on condition of anonymity in order to discuss Apple candidly. \u201cThey want to launch an all-singing, all-dancing music experience.\u201d', u'Apple\u2019s service is expected to make downloads, streaming and radio all available in a redesigned version of Apple\u2019s music app. (A version of it is also expected to be available on Google\u2019s competing mobile platform, Android.)', u'In the app, customers would have access to their existing music libraries and would also be able to sign up for the new subscription service. That combination would give users a choice but has left music executives bracing for financial turbulence: Sales of downloads \u2014 still one of the labels\u2019 biggest sources of income \u2014 will inevitably drop when customers switch to subscriptions. Download sales around the world fell 8 percent in 2014 from the year before, while subscription services were up 39 percent in the same period, according to the International Federation of the Phonographic Industry, a trade group.', u'The radio features are said to include both a revamped version of iTunes Radio \u2014 the Pandora-like service that Apple introduced in 2013 \u2014 and a new set of \u201clinear\u201d programming that would more closely resemble a traditional radio station. Apple has signed up a range of music celebrities, like Drake and Pharrell Williams, to create playlists and host programs, and the company has also hired radio professionals like Zane Lowe, a former BBC D.J. and interviewer.', u'According to music executives, Apple is negotiating for separate licenses for iTunes Radio and its new radio service, which is code-named \u201cBeats One.\u201d Separate licenses may point to highly different plans for the two radio services, these executives said. Among those planning the new service are Jimmy Iovine and Trent Reznor, who joined Apple through its $3 billion purchase last year of Beats and report to Eddy Cue, Apple\u2019s longtime iTunes boss.', u'While music was a crucial part of Apple\u2019s resurgence under Steven P. Jobs, music sales have become an ever smaller part of the company\u2019s overall business. Analysts said that, even if the streaming service is successful, music is a marginal financial opportunity for the company. Last year music subscriptions around the world generated $1.6 billion in wholesale revenue for the recording industry; by comparison, Apple reported nearly $183 billion in total sales for its most recent fiscal year, which ended in September.', u'\u201cIn the grand scheme of Apple\u2019s financials, a streaming service is inevitably going to be a rounding error,\u201d said Toni Sacconaghi, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein.', u'But within the music world, Apple\u2019s arrival is widely seen as the force that could take streaming into the mainstream. While the use of streaming services has grown quickly, music and technology executives alike have frequently complained that services like Spotify have been slow to take off with ordinary consumers.', u'In the United States, only 7.7 million people paid for streaming music subscriptions last year, according to the Recording Industry Association of America. That lags the performance of single companies like Sirius XM satellite radio, which has 27.7 million customers in the United States, and Netflix, which has 40.3 million paying United States subscribers.', u'\u201cOne of the biggest issues for the streaming industry is that consumer understanding is still limited,\u201d said Hans-Holger Albrecht, the chief executive of Deezer, which has some six million paying subscribers around the world. \u201cWhen a company like Apple moves into this sector, it starts to educate consumers. It will lift the market potential.\u201d', u'A slam-dunk success is by no means guaranteed for Apple, whose other music projects in recent years have turned in mixed results. ITunes Radio remains a distant competitor to Pandora, and Ping, a social network connected to iTunes, was introduced in 2010 but withdrawn two years later.', u'Still, Mr. Dawson, the Jackdaw analyst, said that given Apple\u2019s enormous customer base, its music service could \u201ceasily\u201d sign up 100 million subscribers over the next few years.', u'\u201cThey have the demographic that is most likely to pay for music pretty well locked up,\u201d Mr. Dawson said.']), ([u'Yahoo Wins Rights to Live Stream Bills-Jaguars N.F.L. Game'], [u' may be well past its glory days, but its quarterback, ', u', can still score a touchdown now and then.', u'The company announced on Wednesday that it had struck an exclusive deal with the ', u' to host the first free, live global webcast of a regular-season game, the Oct. 25 matchup between the Buffalo Bills and the Jacksonville Jaguars, which will be played in London.', u'For the N.F.L., the streamed game is an experiment to understand the complex economics of digital streaming and gauge the audience for watching American football in the rest of the world.', u'For ', u', winning the digital rights to the popular game is a rare victory against more successful rivals like Google and Facebook, who compete with it for attention and ad dollars.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a real kudo for Yahoo, a company that\u2019s trying to regain its confidence,\u201d said Brad Adgate, senior vice president of research at Horizon Media. \u201cIt will really help them do a lot of promotions for their other content, like for Katie Couric.\u201d Ms. Couric is the Internet company\u2019s global news anchor.', u'Ms. Mayer, Yahoo\u2019s chief executive, personally wooed the N.F.L.\u2019s commissioner, Roger Goodell, during the negotiations, according to people at both organizations. Under her leadership, Yahoo has been trying to ', u' as it seeks to expand its user base and rebuild its weakened business.', u'The N.F.L. deal could give Yahoo an inside track in future negotiations if the league expands the number of games it streams.', u'\u201cYou\u2019re seeing where the world is going and how and where people are getting their content,\u201d said Hans Schroeder, the N.F.L.\u2019s senior vice president for media strategy, business development and sales. \u201cOver a longer period of time, there will be different parties that want to get into the sports distribution business.\u201d', u'Yahoo and the N.F.L. declined to disclose how much Yahoo had agreed to pay for the digital rights.', u'However, Ed Desser, a sports media consultant, said he believed that the league would receive a seven-figure fee from Yahoo. \u201cThe N.F.L. didn\u2019t get where it is by giving things away gratis,\u201d he said.', u'Adam Cahan, the Yahoo senior vice president who oversees video and several other emerging businesses, said that under the deal, his company would sell TV-style video ads and sponsorships around the game and keep the revenue.', u'He said that if the N.F.L. experiment was successful, Yahoo could try to expand further into live sports. \u201cIt\u2019s an area that could be truly exclusive and unique and differentiated,\u201d Mr. Cahan said. \u201cIf you look at platform shifts historically, many of them have been defined by sports rights.\u201d', u'Yahoo, whose sports sites remain popular, will show the Bills-Jaguars game free to football fans around the world. Viewers will be able to watch via smartphone, computer, game console or smart TV. The game will also be broadcast on television in the Buffalo and Jacksonville, Fla., markets and shown on Sky\u2019s cable network in Britain. Rights in China will be sold separately, the N.F.L. said.', u'Mr. Schroeder said the N.F.L. chose Yahoo as a partner because of its connections to advertisers, its wide reach of a billion users worldwide and its technical ability to handle a large number of simultaneous viewers.', u'Although the league has offered overseas fans the ability to buy a digital subscription to a season\u2019s games for several years, that viewership is small compared with what the free game is expected to draw.', u'The digital distribution rights to many N.F.L. games are locked up until 2022 and 2023, Mr. Schroeder said, but the league is on a year-to-year contract with CBS for \u201cThursday Night Football\u201d and is considering whether to open streaming of those games to new partners.', u'\u201cWe\u2019ll see,\u201d he said. \u201cWe\u2019ll know a lot more after we do this test with Yahoo.\u201d', u'For the N.F.L., the long-term question is how to generate more revenue from streaming games without cannibalizing its lucrative broadcast deals. The foray with Yahoo may be a way of prompting the networks to pay more for rights fees that include streaming rights in the future.', u'\u201cIs this an effort to eventually create a bidding competition for streaming rights to N.F.L. games? I would suspect yes,\u201d said Neal Pilson, a media consultant who was president of CBS Sports for 14 years. \u201cBut I\u2019m convinced they won\u2019t take any steps that imperil or dilute their current television arrangements.\u201d']), ([u"Japan's Rakuten to Raise $1.5 Billion in New Share Issue, Stock Slides"], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc said it would raise $1.5 billion through new share issuance to repay debt,  and its stock slid 6 percent on the planned dilution.', u'The highly acquisitive company, which bought messaging service provider Viber Media and U.S. rebate site operator Ebates last year, said it wanted to improve the flexibility of its financial strategy.', u'In the biggest secondary offering by a Japanese company so far this year, it will issue about 100 million new shares, boosting the number of its shares by 7.5 percent.', u'The shares will be offered in both Japan and overseas and the price will be determined between June 23 and June 26, it said.', u'Rakuten said 90 percent of the proceeds would go towards repaying debt and the rest would be used in investments, including bolstering its network infrastructure and developing or acquiring new software for its e-commerce site.', u'(Reporting by Chang-Ran Kim and Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u"Facebook COO Says Mourning Over Husband Left Her '30 Years Sadder'"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Facebook\'s Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg took to the social media site on Wednesday to say she felt "thirty years sadder" after the 30-day mourning period she observed following her husband\'s sudden death.', u"Sandberg's husband, SurveyMonkey Chief Executive Dave Goldberg, died on May 1 after falling off a treadmill during a vacation in Mexico.", u'Sandberg posted an online tribute four days after the death of Goldberg, who built a company valued at $2 billion. She has also periodically shared posts about her mourning and pictures of Goldberg.', u'Her 1,731-word post Wednesday marked the end of sheloshim, the traditional Jewish 30-day period of mourning for a spouse.', u'"I have lived thirty years in these thirty days," Sandberg wrote. "I am thirty years sadder. I feel like I am thirty years wiser."', u'Sandberg also said Goldberg\'s death helped her gain a "more profound understanding of what it is to be a mother," and that she rejoiced that her children were alive each day.', u"She ended the post with lyrics from Bono, who sang at Goldberg's Silicon Valley memorial service last month.", u'"\'There is no end to grief ... and there is no end to love,\'" she posted. "I love you, Dave."', u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Tom Brown)']), ([u'Yahoo to Live-Stream October 25 NFL Game'], [u'(Reuters) - Yahoo Inc will broadcast the Oct. 25 National Football League game between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars in London in the first live-stream of an NFL game.', u'The International Series game will be streamed exclusively free of charge on Yahoo sites including Yahoo Sports, Yahoo Screen and Tumblr, Yahoo and the NFL said on Wednesday.', u'Yahoo and the NFL did not disclose terms of the deal.', u'Technology news site Re/code, however, reported that Yahoo paid at least $20 million for the streaming rights, citing industry executives familiar with the negotiations.', u'Yahoo will have exclusive advertising rights to the game, which will also be available in a 30-minute on-demand version, Senior Vice President of product and engineering Adam Cahan said in an interview.', u'The on-demand version will include commercials that viewers would not be able to skip.', u'Yahoo was hopeful of more such partnerships in the future, Cahan said. The company has been trying to fight stalling revenue growth by turning towards video ads as its once-hot Web portal and email service lag those of rivals such as Google Inc.', u'It bought automated advertising service BrightRoll for $640 million in November, saying the deal would make its video ad platform the largest in the United States.', u'The Oct. 25 game will also be telecast in the Buffalo (WIVB-TV) and Jacksonville (WTEV-TV) markets.', u'A decision on whether the NFL will partner with streaming service providers for future games has not been made, spokesman Alex Reithmiller said.', u'"This is a first step ... taking this first step is a signal that there will probably be other steps to come," he said.', u'(Additional reporting by Narottam Medhora and Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u"FAA to Name Adviser to Handle 'Crush' of Industry Drone Queries"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday that it would place a higher priority on integrating ', u' into the national air space by appointing a senior adviser to coordinate relations with industry and other outside stakeholders.', u'FAA Administrator Michael Huerta said the new position would deal with "an absolute crush" of outside interest from the private sector and allow regulators within the agency\'s Unmanned Aircraft Systems (UAS) integration office to concentrate on crafting new regulations for commercial drone use.', u'He said the aim was to put "more resources" on drone integration "to elevate its profile within the agency."', u'The job, which has not yet been filled, is the latest FAA action to enhance its accommodation of commercial drones in the face of mounting pressure from Congress and private industry.', u'The FAA, which hopes to have final regulations in place by the start of 2017, has also taken steps to broaden the corporate use of drones on a case-by-case basis.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s almost an external focus on how we can ensure that we\u2019re being responsive to industry and the global community, while at the same time actually getting the work done that\u2019s getting things into the air space system,\u201d Huerta told reporters.', u'The Small UAV Coalition, which includes e-commerce companies Amazon.com and Google Inc, said the change could further expedite FAA movement on commercial drones.', u'"Elevating and more fully resourcing the UAS industry at the FAA is long overdue but a welcome recognition," said coalition executive director Michael Drobac.', u'The change essentially splits in two the position of former FAA drone office manager James Williams, who recently retired.', u'The new senior UAS adviser will report to FAA Deputy Administrator Michael Whitaker and have broad scope to deal with the public, the aviation industry, state and local governments, members of Congress and others.', u"A job posting for the senior adviser's position, which closed May 29, included a salary range of $123,700 to $174,200.", u"Williams' regulatory duties will also be elevated within FAA. The new drone office director, who has yet to be named, will report to Margaret Gilligan, associate FAA administrator for aviation safety. Williams reported instead to the agency's flight standards director.", u'Huerta told reporters that the UAS integration office will retain its concentration on rulemaking and the granting of interim exemptions from a near-ban on commercial drones.', u'(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Christian Plumb and Chizu Nomiyama)']), ([u'Clinton Campaign Snares Box CEO in Courting Young Tech Millionaires'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The last time Hillary Clinton ran for the White House in 2008, Aaron Levie was too busy building his start-up company to pay much attention to politics.', u'But earlier this year, the 30-year-old Levie led his company, Box, through an initial public offering, helping free a small portion of his time to support the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016. A few weeks ago, Levie, whose company is worth more than $2 billion, agreed to host a fundraiser for Clinton.', u'He sees big stakes for the tech sector in this election, Levie told Reuters, on issues ranging from improving the patent system to securing visas for foreign workers and limiting government surveillance.', u"\u201cThere\u2019s more intersection between the technology industry and policy than ever before,\u201d said Levie, whose trademark mad-scientist hair showed signs of gray, countered by youthful bright orange sneakers. He said he was backing Clinton because Democrats' social policies, for example on marriage equality, resonated more with him than Republican ones.", u'The campaigns of various White House hopefuls are looking to reel in the younger Silicon Valley influencers like Levie who could help raise some money for their candidates and also bring along some of the tech sector\u2019s energy and cachet.', u'Levie, whose company helps store data remotely in the \u201ccloud,\u201d is among several young Silicon Valley executives Clinton\u2019s campaign has been courting.', u'"Young, innovative entrepreneurs are key to growing and strengthening our economy," said a Clinton campaign spokesman.', u'SILICON VALLEY A CHALLENGE', u'But recruiting tech entrepreneurs can prove a challenge. Many lack enthusiasm for politics. For example, in April venture capitalist Marc Andreessen told Fortune he was "struggling between the anti-science party and the anti-economics party" and felt tempted to sit out the next election.', u'Fundraising officials who declined to be named said they hoped the imprimatur of a few will make it easier to attract others, and Democrats have a long list of prospects.', u'\u201cThe next crowd is Twitter, Facebook, Airbnb," said venture capitalist Steve Westly, who served on President Barack Obama\u2019s national finance committee during the 2008 election. While some of those companies have been around for years, many of their employees are relatively new to their wealth.', u"Twitter and Airbnb representatives didn't respond to requests for comment. A Facebook spokesman declined comment.", u'Many in Silicon Valley gravitate toward Democrats, because the party is seen as more in sync with the tech community on social issues such as gay marriage. But Republican 2016 hopefuls such as Kentucky Senator Rand Paul are trying to woo the technorati on economic and regulatory issues. A packed room of start-up workers at his San Francisco office opening last month suggested he may be having some success.', u'Some big names in technology are already involved in politics. Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo is a longstanding Democratic donor, while Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg gives to candidates of both parties.', u'COLLEGE DROPOUT', u'Levie said he has donated only once to a candidate, Senator Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York. He still hasn\u2019t registered to vote in California, his home for almost a decade, relying instead on\xa0his parents to forward him his ballot from Washington state.', u'A dropout from the University of Southern California, Levie founded Box with some friends and ran it for a time out of his uncle\u2019s garage near San Francisco before landing hundreds of millions in venture capital backing.', u'Friends and business associates such as Emanuel Yekutiel, deputy finance director for Clinton, helped spark his interest in her campaign, Levie said.', u'The clincher: a May 1 meeting in Palo Alto where Clinton campaign officials, including chief technology officer and former Google executive Stephanie Hannon, met with about 50 executives and venture capitalists and highlighted the importance of building a cash reserve for the campaign.', u'Among the invitees: Palmer Luckey, the 22-year-old co-founder of Oculus Rift, a virtual-reality company bought last year by Facebook for $2 billion, according to someone involved in the event.', u'Though Levie says campaign support will take a backseat to running Box, he weighs in on election issues with vigor.', u'Last month, he criticized Rand Paul on Twitter over his comments at a congressional hearing where he compared the \u201cright to healthcare\u201d to the enslaving of doctors.', u'"Dude, you should be a script writer for `The Hunger Games`, not running for President," Levie wrote on Twitter, referring to the movie about death matches in a dystopian, ruthless society.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride, editing by Caren Bohan)']), ([u'Apple Recalls Some Beats Pill XL Speakers'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc said it is recalling some Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard caused by overheating batteries.', u'The iPhone maker will recall about 222,000 speakers in the United States and about 11,000 in Canada, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) said on Wednesday.', u'Apple has received eight reports of overheating speakers, the CPSC said in a statement.', u'The company did not disclose the number of speakers affected by the recall or the number of complaints it received, but said the recall does not affect any other Beats or Apple products.', u'Apple said it will issue store credit or a refund worth $325 within about three weeks of receiving the faulty speakers, which were introduced by Beats in November 2013.', u'Apple agreed to buy Beats for about $3 billion in May 2014 in an effort to jump-start an uneven attempt to make headway in music streaming as iTunes sales were declining.', u'This is not the first time that Apple has had to recall products.', u'The company had launched an iPhone replacement program in August last year after admitting some smartphones sold between September 2012 and January 2013 had faulty batteries. (', u')', u"In 2011, network connectivity issues had forced Apple to recall some iPad2 tablets that were designed to run on Verizon's network. (", u')', u"(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das and Savio D'Souza)"]), ([u'Mobile Phone Access in Africa Set to Double in Next Five Years'], [u'CAPE TOWN \u2014  Eighty percent of sub-Saharan Africa\u2019s 800 million people should have access to mobile telephones by the end of the decade, double the current rate, although government help is needed to reach far-flung areas, industry body group GSMA said Wednesday.', u'The growth of mobile data - an even more powerful economic tool than simple voice services - also hinges on authorities allocating sufficient spectrum, said Mortimer Hope, the Africa director of GSMA.', u'"We expect data to keep growing dramatically, and to facilitate that you need more spectrum to handle that data growth," he told Reuters on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum Africa in Cape Town.', u'To unleash the full potential of mobile Internet services, he said, governments should also consider cutting taxes on web-enabled handsets to make them more affordable to consumers on the poorest continent.', u'At the moment about 15 percent of Africans have access to the Internet via their mobile phones.', u'"It\'s very early days for data but we would like it be everywhere you have voice. The extra physical infrastructure deployment is not as big as you would think."', u"Mobile phones have been one of the factors behind Africa's recent growth spurt, by freeing people from the shackles of the continent's awful landline infrastructure and allowing them to communicate and transact at minimal personal and financial cost.", u"The simple SMS - and more recently mobile social media - have also become powerful political tools, used by grassroots political movements to mobilize support against oppressive states, such as happened in the north African 'Arab Spring'.", u'Governments across the continent are aware of the economic potential of mobile telephony but are sometimes slow to implement the legal frameworks needed to allow phone companies to expand, Mortimer said.', u'"Many governments across Africa have developed broadband plans. The issue is that those plans very often just sit on a shelf, not being implemented," he said.', u"Africa's biggest mobile phone company is Johannesburg-based MTN. Other major operators are South Africa's Vodacom and France's Orange.", u'(Reporting by Ed Cropley; Editing by Mark Heinrich)']), ([u'Orange Says Plans to Expand in North Africa'], [u'CAIRO \u2014  The chief executive of French telecoms operator Orange said on Wednesday that his firm planned to expand in North Africa.', u'Stephane Richard said at a news conference in the Egyptian capital Cairo that the expansion would be through new operations in Tunisia and Morocco.', u'(Reporting by Ehab Farouk; Writing by Yara Bayoumy; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'PillPack Harnesses Interest in Healthcare Firms to Raise $50 Million'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Medications-by-mail company PillPack said it had raised $50 million in funding, underscoring the continuing appeal of healthcare companies to venture capital backers.', u'PillPack is taking on established U.S. pharmacies such as CVS, Rite-Aid and Walgreens, betting its tweaks, such as delivering rolls of individual-dose packs labeled by time and date, will help it win convenience-focused customers.', u"While technology has helped simplify other types of services and purchases, entrepreneurs have largely overlooked the pharmacy market, said George Zachary, a partner at Charles River Ventures, who led the funding round and will take a seat on PillPack's board.", u'Retail prescription drug sales in the U.S. last year totaled $259 billion, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation, a research organization.', u'Some 15 percent of prescriptions are filled via mail order, including from the pharmacy giants, PillPack Chief Executive TJ Parker said in an interview on Tuesday. While his company is exclusively mail-order for now, it expects to open retail locations later this year.', u'Trends such as the aging baby-boomer generation and national health-care reform are leading to increased spending on medicine, which in turn is drawing increased interest from financial backers.', u'Last quarter, life sciences drew $2.2 billion in venture backing, according to the National Venture Capital Association. That placed it second only to the software sector, with almost a one-third increase from $1.69 billion in the same quarter of 2014.', u'Accel Partners, Atlas Venture (CQ), Menlo Ventures, and Sherpa Ventures also participated in the funding round. Boston-based Pillpack was founded two years ago and launched last year.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u"India Launches 'Lost and Found' Website to Find Missing Children"], [u'NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The Indian government has launched a "Lost and Found" website to help families trace the tens of thousands of children in the country who go missing every year - often abducted for forced labor or sexual exploitation - and are never found.', u'The "Khoya Paya", or "Lost and Found", website ', u" was launched by India's Minister for Women and Child Development Maneka Gandhi, who said the portal would allow parents to register details of missing children and citizens to report sightings.", u'The information will be shared in real time with police and state authorities, who are mandated to register the complaint and investigate the case.', u'"It was felt that we could have this portal, where if a child goes missing, families can put the details and the picture onto Khoya Paya," Gandhi said on Tuesday at an event to launch the website, which is the first of its kind in India.', u'"Then if you see the child anywhere, you can upload information and then the police see if they can correlate it."', u'Around 70,000 children go missing every year in India, Gandhi said, citing figures from the National Crime Records Bureau. But only 73,597 children have been traced between January 2012 and April 2015, she added.', u"Child rights activists and government officials say that many of the country's missing children come from poor rural areas or urban slums where they are at high risk.", u'"Most of the missing children are trafficked for labor, for sexual exploitation, abducted, or kidnapped ... They could be runaways from home, or simply be lost," said a government statement.', u'"This is the reason that it is not only important to get the information related to these missing children, but it is equally important that the information is exchanged speedily to locate the children."', u'It said that social media could play "a pivotal role" in the search for missing children, as it would mean faster reporting.', u"Child rights activists welcomed the initiative and dismissed claims that it would only serve a small fraction of the country's population, around 25 percent of whom are Internet users.", u'"Even if people do not know how to use the Internet or have access, they can enlist the help of the village council members, an NGO, or local officials to register their case," said Ravi Kant, president of Shakti Vahini, an anti-trafficking charity.', u'"Many NGOs like ours have already being going out into communities where children are at high risk and informing people of Khoya Paya and how they can use it. It is a good step towards finding our missing children."', u"(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, editing by Alisa Tang. Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit ", u')']), ([u'Kashmir Battles to Restore Mobile Services After Militant Attacks'], [u'SRINAGAR, India/MUMBAI \u2014  Authorities in Indian-administered Kashmir battled on Wednesday to restore mobile phone coverage paralyzed after a series of attacks by a previously unknown militant outfit on people who cooperated with service providers.', u'Networks have crashed across the region of seven million people, which has long suffered a separatist insurgency and been fought over repeatedly by India and Pakistan since independence and partition.', u'Two people have been killed and four others hurt in attacks by a group called Lashkar-e-Islam on landlords hosting cellphone towers and owners of recharge outlets, panicking others into shutting up shop.', u'As many as 2,500 telecom towers were affected, an industry group said, but authorities were bringing them back online gradually as police tightened security.', u'"We expect the problem to be resolved in the next few days, and normalcy to return to telecom services in the area by the end of the week," said Rajan S. Mathews, head of the Cellular Operators Association of India.', u'Indian police, army and paramilitary forces in Kashmir, one of the most heavily militarized regions in the world, have stepped up patrols and detained more than a dozen people over the attacks.', u'The perpetrators have not been publicly identified and their motives are unknown, beyond warning posters they have hung in areas that they have attacked. The mystery deepened further when they were denounced by a militant umbrella group.', u'"There are black sheep using the name of militant groups and people must unmask such elements wherever they find them," the United Jihad Council said in a statement to local newspapers.', u'Telecom towers may be shifted near security posts to improve safety, said K. Rajendra, director general of the Jammu & Kashmir police. "Wherever the need arises for providing security to towers, we will provide it," he said.', u"Subscribers of six firms were affected by the disruptions: State-owned BSNL, Airtel, Aircel, Vodafone, Idea, and Reliance Communications, according to the operators association. Aircel is a unit of Malaysia's Maxis Communications Bhd [MXSCC.UL].", u'One industry source estimated losses to the telecoms operators at as much as 800 million rupees ($13 million) a month if the outages persist. The impact on local businesses could be far higher.', u'"We are suffering huge losses," said Mohammad Yasin Tuman, Managing Director of Mascot Travels in Srinagar, whose internet has been down for two days, stopping him from checking emails and making hotel bookings. "It is like a paralytic attack."', u'(Writing by Douglas Busvine)']), ([u'Global Smartphone Subscriptions to Double by 2020: Ericsson'], [u"STOCKHOLM \u2014  Global subscriptions for smartphones will more than double by 2020, helping mobile data traffic to ninefold, the world's largest telecoms network gear maker Ericsson predicted on Wednesday.", u'The Swedish company said it expected there will be 6.1 billion smartphone subscriptions globally by the end of 2020, up from 2.6 billion in 2014.', u'"Advanced mobile technology will be globally ubiquitous by 2020 with 70 percent of people using smartphones and 90 percent covered by mobile broadband networks," it said in its semi-annual Mobility Report.', u'Ericsson made no major changes compared to its previous forecast in November.', u'It said video is expected to increase its share of total mobile traffic in 2020 to 60 percent, up from an earlier projection of 55 percent and compared to around 45 percent in 2014.', u'(Reporting by Olof Swahnberg; Editing by Jussi Rosendahl)']), ([u'Banks to Start Collecting Orders for Inwit IPO Next Week: Source'], [u'MILAN \u2014  Banks will start collecting orders for the initial public offering of Telecom Italia tower unit Inwit next week, a source close to the matter said on Wednesday.', u'Telecom Italia aims to sell up to 40 percent of Inwit in the IPO to raise money to upgrade its networks and return its domestic business to growth.', u'Inwit could be worth up to 2.6 billion euros ($2.9 billion) according to research notes from Mediobanca Securities and Banca IMI, which are global coordinators of the share sale.', u'(Reporting by Elisa Anzolin; writing by Francesca Landini; editing by Luca Trogni)']), ([u'Softbank to Invest $1 Billion in Korean e-Commerce Site Coupang'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japanese telecoms group SoftBank Corp is investing $1 billion in South Korean online retailer Coupang as part of a plan to step up its overseas expansion and as it struggles to turn around U.S. carrier Sprint which it bought in 2013.', u"SoftBank has been turning to overseas deals for growth amid a lackluster Japanese economy and shrinking demographics. The latest move comes two days after SoftBank said it had increased its controlling stake in Supercell, the Finnish mobile games maker best known for its hit title 'Clash of Clans'.", u"The funding, which is expected to close in July, brings the total sum Coupang has raised over the past year to $1.5 billion, the companies said in a joint statement on Wednesday. They did not disclose the size of SoftBank's stake in Coupang following the deal.", u"Coupang, founded in 2010 by Harvard dropout Bom Kim, offers daily deals on goods ranging from beauty products to tickets for travel and is South Korea's top online commerce firm by revenue.", u'E-commerce has grown rapidly in South Korea, where consumers routinely buy goods ranging from toilet paper to designer handbags through their computers or smartphones.', u"But intense competition and high promotion costs have raised questions about the industry's profitability. Coupang reported an operating loss of 122 billion won ($110.52 million) last year.", u"SoftBank's investment comes after Groupon Inc's announcement in April that it would sell a 46 percent stake in Ticket Monster, its South Korean e-commerce business, for $360 million to a partnership formed by KKR and Anchor Equity Partners.", u'($1 = 1,103.8600 won)', u'(Additional reporting by Vincent Lee in SEOUL; Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Accor Steps Up Digital Push and Changes Name'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Accor said on Wednesday it would spend 22 million euros ($25 million) to enable independent hoteliers to offer their rooms on its booking website as it seeks ways to fight back against online travel agents such as Expedia and ', u'.', u'The world\'s fourth-largest hotel group, which is undergoing a reorganization initiated by Chief Executive Sebastien Bazin, is also changing its name to "AccorHotels", in line with its website, as part of the strategy.', u'"The transformation of our distribution platform into an open market place is a major step for the group and reflects a new approach," Bazin said in a statement.', u'Accor, which competes with InterContinental, Marriott and Starwood, said the investment comes on top of the 225 million euros it has announced it would spend to beef up its digital business between 2014 and 2018.', u'Accor has 3,700 hotels worldwide ranging from the luxury Sofitel to the budget Ibis brands. Its goal is to triple its online offering to 10,000 hotels by 2018 via this new service to be launched in July.', u"Europe's largest hotel group faces challenges ranging from rising competition from online travel agents (OTAs), who are hitting the margins of traditional hoteliers and earning commission fees that can reach 20 percent of the cost of a room, to the growing popularity of online home-sharing site Airbnb.", u'Accor makes a third of it sales online, evenly split between bookings made via its own website and bookings made via OTAs.', u'Accor last year bought French start-up Wipolo, a travel software company that offers mobile and web itinerary management services.', u'In April, it bought FASTBOOKING, a digital services provider for the hotel industry, whose expertise Accor will use to offer online booking services to selected independent hoteliers.', u'Accor will charge a commission that Vivek Badrinah, deputy CEO in charge of digital, told Reuters would be below that charged by rival OTAs.', u'Bazin, a private equity specialist who took over in August 2013, has split Accor into two divisions, HotelServices and HotelInvest, to separate its hotel services business from its property activities to boost profitability.', u'The restructuring has started to pay off, with Accor posting a record profit last year.', u'(Reporting by Dominique Vidalon)']), ([u'Tech Tips: Your Guide to the Myriad Phone-Upgrade Options'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Upgrading your phone is no longer as simple as paying $100 or $200 and extending your service contract by two years.', u'Phone companies have been shifting away from contracts and trying to get you to pay full price \u2014 $600 to $700 for a high-end phone. Installment plans are available, along with a leasing option from Sprint.', u"To understand your options, it's best to break down the typical monthly phone bill into three components:", u'\u2014 The cost of the phone, which can be the monthly installment, or zero for a traditional contract plan.', u'\u2014 A per-phone "access" charge for unlimited voice and texts. With contract plans, you\'re paying $40 to connect a smartphone. With full-price or leasing plans, you\'re paying $15 or $25. That sounds like a deal, but you\'re paying more for the phone itself.', u"\u2014 The data bucket, typically sharable if you're part of a group plan. This charge varies depending on how much data you need, but it's not affected by how you buy your phone. (At T-Mobile, access and data is a combined charge.)", u'Are you better off with a contract plan knowing you pay less for the phone but more in service fees?', u'___', u'BUY IT THE TRADITIONAL WAY', u"Verizon, AT&T and Sprint still offer subsidies in exchange for two-year contracts. You pay $100 or $200 up front, with no additional charges for the phone itself. However, you pay $15 or $25 more each month through the access charge. That's how phone companies make up for the cost of the subsidies.", u"Verizon and AT&T also charge a $40 upgrade fee when you're getting a new phone on contract; there's no fee when you're paying full price for the phone. Sprint charges a $36 upgrade fee to get a new phone through the company, regardless of how you pay, while T-Mobile has no fees for its main phone plans.", u'___', u'PAY THROUGH INSTALLMENTS', u'All four national carriers let you pay the full cost of phones in monthly installments. T-Mobile no longer offers subsidies at all, so this is your best option there. Elsewhere, the installment plans go by Edge at Verizon, Next at AT&T and Easy Pay at Sprint.', u'For an ', u" 6 and other phones that retail for $650, the subsidy is worth $18.75 a month over the two-year life of the contract. So if the installment plan has you paying a $15 access charge, you're saving $25 off the $40 access charge you would normally pay to get subsidies. That savings is more than what you're giving up in subsidies, so this is a good deal for you. But if the installment plan has you paying a $25 access charge, the savings is only $15 \u2014 yet you're giving up $18.75.", u"In general, you're paying the $15 rate (and getting the bigger savings) if you're on a higher data plan \u2014 starting at 6 gigabytes at Verizon, 8 GB at Sprint and 10 GB at AT&T. Individuals and couples probably don't need to pay for that much data, so their rate would be $25. Again, that's just $15 off the regular $40 access charge, or less than what you're giving up in subsidies, so it's not a good deal. However, installment plans typically let you upgrade phones more often, so it might still be worth paying more for that. With subsidies, you have to wait two years.", u"Sprint and T-Mobile charge $10 a month for the flexibility to upgrade early, before your phone is paid off. In T-Mobile's case, the charge includes insurance for loss and damage. AT&T and Verizon include free upgrades with the installment plans, though some of its other fees are higher. In all cases, you must turn in the old phone to upgrade early.", u'___', u'BUY IT OUTRIGHT', u"Installment plans don't charge interest, so you're not really saving anything paying the full price up front. If you don't have good credit, this might be your only option. This is also for those looking for a used phone from a friend or from eBay.", u'Another advantage: You can get an unlocked version of a phone, letting you switch carriers more easily. Be forewarned, though, that not all phones will work with all carriers. AT&T and T-Mobile phones are typically interchangeable, but Sprint and Verizon have different networking technology.', u'___', u'RENT IT', u"Sprint offers a leasing program with monthly charges that are lower than the installment plan. It's even waiving those charges for some phones on unlimited data plans. The catch: You don't end up owning the phone.", u"With other plans, you can resell the phone or give it to a friend once it's paid off. With leasing, you turn in the old model for a new one when the lease runs out in 12, 24 or 30 months. Or you can pay the difference between the full cost of the phone and the amount you've already paid to lease it. If your old phone is simply going to sit in a desk drawer when you upgrade, leasing could help you save money each month.", u'___', u'... OR WAIT', u'Do you really need to upgrade now?', u"It might be a good time if you use Android, as new models from Samsung and HTC just came out. LG's G4 phone is due out soon.", u'A new iPhone is expected in September, at which time current models will probably be cheaper. Waiting might be your best option if your iPhone is still working.']), ([u'Nextel Operator NII to Stay in Brazil, Its Last Latam Operation'], [u'SAO PAULO \u2014  Nextel operator NII Holdings Inc is stepping up investment in Brazil to expand its tiny share of the mobile telephone market and has no plans to sell out despite an economic slowdown, its chief operating officer said.', u'The downsized company will plow into Brazil a good part of the resources generated by the recent $1.8 billion sale of its Mexican operations to AT&T, NII Holdings COO and Nextel Brazil president, Gokul Hemmady, told Reuters.', u'Reston, Virginia-based NII Holdings has sold its operations in Chile and Peru and is in talks to sell its Argentine unit this year, leaving Brazil as its sole Latin American operation.', u'Hemmady dismissed speculation that his company, which is expected to emerge from bankruptcy protection within weeks, also plans to exit Brazil.', u'"We have no intention of selling our operation here. We have left five countries, when we sell Argentina, to stay in one," he said in an interview on Tuesday. "Having said that, there is always a price for every sale," he added.', u'Nextel will launch more competitive packages next week for voice and data customers in Brazil, said Hemmady, who did not give a dollar number for the planned investment.', u"Despite a slowdown that is pushing Brazil into recession, Nextel's Brazilian unit turned a profit of $3.5 million in the first quarter, compared to a $49.3 million loss a year earlier.", u"Nextel's network has not attracted potential buyers in the recent wave of telecom mergers in Brazil because much of it still works on decades-old radio technology that lets customers use their cell phones like walkie-talkies. Modern smartphones have an array of instant messaging options that have made the push-to-talk function obsolete.", u'By moving to a network built on smartphones, Nextel has begun to gain subscribers for its 3G plans in Brazil, while the number of radio users has declined. Of its 4.2 million customers in Brazil today, more than half are on voice and data plans.', u"To expand its fourth generation (4G) network from Rio de Janeiro to Sao Paulo, its largest market, Nextel will need to buy spectrum in the 1.8 GHz frequency that the government plans to auction this year, the company's marketing and sales vice president George Dolce said.", u"Nextel is Brazil's fifth operator with just 0.67 percent of the wireless market. Grupo Oi SA, America Movil SAB de CV, TIM Participa\xe7\xf5es SA, which is controlled by Telecom Italia SpA, and Telefonica Brasil SA each have between 18 and 29 percent.", u'(Writing by Anthony Boadle; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Samsung Electronics to Expand Mobile Payments Service to China, Europe'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday that it will expand its Samsung Pay mobile payments service to markets such as China and Europe after an initial launch in South Korea and the United States later this year.', u'Rhee Injong, a Samsung executive vice president, told investors at a company event in Seoul that the firm is looking at a "September time frame" for the initial launch of the mobile payments service in South Korea and the U.S., coinciding with the launch of the firm\'s next flagship smartphone model.', u'He said Samsung will also launch the service in areas such as South America and Australia without giving a specific timeline.', u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u"Toyota to Explore Ford's SDL In-Car Smartphone App Interface"], [u"(Reuters) - Toyota Motor Corp said it reached an agreement with Ford Motor to explore collaboration for the implementation of Ford's SmartDeviceLink (SDL) technology in future Toyota and Lexus vehicles.", u'SDL is an open source platform that integrates smartphones apps with vehicles through dashboard buttons, display screens and voice recognition technology.', u'Toyota is engaging with the SDL project and investigating further partnership with Ford and its wholly-owned subsidiary Livio, the project maintainer for the SmartDeviceLink software, Ford said in a statement.', u'"The in-car app market is quickly evolving. Developing robust, flexible, safe and user-friendly connected services is a priority for us," Toyota said in a separate statement on Wednesday.', u'Toyota and Ford agreed to collaborate on development of next generation standards for in-car telematics in August 2011, Toyota said.', u'Ford created the SDL software in February 2013 to contribute to its in-car smartphone app interface called Applink as an open-source project, Ford said.', u'(Reporting by Zara Mascarenhas in Bengaluru; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u'HP CEO Says Split Effective From November 1'], [u'(Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co Chief Executive Meg Whitman said the separation of HP Inc and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise would be effective on Nov. 1.', u"Whitman made the announcement during the company's technology event, HP Discover 2015, in Las Vegas on Tuesday.", u"The world's No. 2 personal computer maker said in October it would split into two listed companies, separating its computer and printer businesses from its faster-growing corporate hardware and services operations.", u'(Reporting By Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Synchronoss Technologies Explores Sale Worth Over $2 Billion: WSJ'], [u'(Reuters) - Software maker Synchronoss Technologies Inc is working with financial advisor Qatalyst Partners LP on a possible sale that could be valued at more than $2 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter.', u'Synchronoss has drawn interest from a number of private-equity firms, however, it might be possible that a deal for the company will not materialize, the newspaper reported.', u'Shares of the company, which is based in Bridgewater, New Jersey, were up nearly 17 percent at $49.50 in after-hours  trading.', u'Qatalyst Partners and Synchronoss Technologies were not immediately available to comment on the report.', u'The company has a current market capitalization of $1.84 billion.', u'(Reporting by Anet Josline Pinto in Bengaluru)']), ([u'U.S. Plan to Cede Internet Domain Control on Track: ICANN Head'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  A controversial Obama administration plan to cede oversight of the non-profit that manages the Internet's infrastructure is on track to gain government approval by next year's presidential elections, the organization's chief said in an interview.", u'Some Republican lawmakers have raised concerns about the plan to hand over the stewardship of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) to a global multi-stakeholder body, worried that it may allow other countries to capture control.', u'But ICANN CEO Fadi Chehad\xe9 said such opposition was fading and that some opponents would come around once they see the accountability mechanisms and other assurances put in place.', u'"I think they see now that this is actually a good thing for the Internet. The fragmentation of the Internet is bad for everyone," he said.', u'"I\'m never comfortable, but I am optimistic and I believe that all interests are now aligned... Everybody sees that this makes sense."', u'Since 1998, the United States, which gave birth to the Internet, has contracted out, through the Commerce Department, the management of the master database for top-level domain names like .com and .net and their corresponding numeric addresses to ICANN.', u'The Commerce Department has long expected to phase out its oversight and planned to do it at the end of the current ICANN contract in September, though the timing may slip slightly and may require an extension.', u'ICANN members are working to draft a proposal for how the group would operate as an independent body run by stakeholders from across the world, including academics and business and government representatives.', u'Chehad\xe9, who plans to leave ICANN in March, said the community should produce the proposal by the end of the year for the U.S. government, including the administration and Congress, to review. He said the review process, according to government estimates, would take 60 to 90 days.', u'Chehad\xe9 said he remained optimistic that those steps could be concluded before the U.S presidential election in November 2016, which may result in a Republican hostile to an ICANN power shift controlling the White House.', u'Once the review process was completed, ICANN members would work to implement the plan. It remains unclear how long that process would take.', u"The White House on Tuesday issued a veto threat to a bill proposed in the Republican-controlled House of Representatives that would restrict the Commerce Department's ability to use its funding to relinquish ICANN oversight.", u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u"U.S. Expects Commercial Data-Sharing Deal With EU 'Very Soon'"], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  The United States expects it will be able to clinch an agreement "very soon" with the European Union on a deal allowing companies to easily transfer data across the two blocs, a U.S. government representative said on Tuesday.', u"The European Commission, the EU executive, reopened the Safe Harbour agreement, which makes it easier for companies to transfer EU citizens' data to the United States, after revelations about U.S. mass surveillance activities involving European citizens sent shockwaves across the continent.", u"As a condition for not scrapping Safe Harbour, which facilitates the everyday business activities of some 3,000 companies, both European and American, Brussels demanded guarantees from the United States that the collection of EU citizens' data for national security purposes would be limited and proportionate.", u'The initial aim of completing a revised deal by the end of last summer lapsed because the Commission did not feel that the United States was offering enough to assuage its privacy concerns.', u'But Catherine Novelli, U.S. Under Secretary of State for Economic growth, Energy and the Environment, said on Tuesday that an agreement on Safe Harbour would come "very, very soon."', u'"We are very optimistic that we are going to be able to come to an agreement soon on Safe Harbour," she said at a press event in Brussels.', u'Asked to clarify, she said it would not take months.', u'"It\'s very important that we find ways to preserve data flows. Because so much of this is business to business and because of the cross-investment, we don\'t want to be shooting ourselves in the foot by hampering this economic activity."', u"A study by the Boston Consulting Group in 2012 estimated that EU citizens' data was worth 315 billion euros ($350 billion) in 2011 and could grow to 1 trillion euros by 2020.", u"Safe Harbour allows U.S.-registered companies to transfer Europeans' data to the United States by self-certifying that they comply with the EU's data protection rules.", u'(Reporting by Julia Fioretti; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)']), ([u'Instagram to Open Its Photo Feed to Ads'], [u' is cranking up its money machine, and that means a lot more ads in your photo feed.', u', which bought Instagram in 2012, has kept the mobile photo-sharing service mostly free of advertising, allowing only a handful of big brands to put a few carefully drafted commercial messages on the service.', u'But on Tuesday, the company announced plans to ', u', from the local tattoo parlor to global food makers, later this year. Marketers will be able to target ads to the service\u2019s 300 million users by interest, age, gender and other factors, just as they can on ', u'.', u'Instagram will also begin testing a type of ad that allows viewers to click on a link to buy a product or install an app that is advertised.', u'The commercialization of Instagram, while sure to disappoint some users, was probably inevitable. Major social networks like Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest have committed to keep their services free to users, and they have turned to advertising to pay the bills.', u'Instagram offered its first ads in November 2013, but since it has been subsidized by Facebook, it has had time to develop an ad strategy.', u'The advertising expansion has long been anticipated by marketers and investors, who see big money for Facebook and the brands in ads shown to Instagram\u2019s users \u2014 a generally young, passionate group who share, like, click and comment on posts at a much higher rate than users of other services, including Facebook.', u'One Wall Street firm, RBC Capital Markets, has estimated that Instagram ads could bring in $1.3 billion to $2.1 billion in additional revenue to Facebook this year alone, depending on how quickly its new ad offerings are introduced.', u'Consumer brands and retailers have been particularly eager for an easy way to lead people who, for instance, like an Instagram photo of a pair of ballet flats, to a place where they could buy the shoes.', u'Right now, that experience is clumsy, especially on mobile phones, when users are forced to cut and paste a link into their browsers or search for the shoes on a retailer\u2019s site.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not fun as a user and hard to track as a brand,\u201d said Kfir Gavrieli, chief executive and co-founder of ', u', a Los Angeles maker of foldable ballet flats that sells its wares entirely online. Mr. Gavrieli, whose company has about 400,000 Instagram followers, was briefed by Facebook on the coming changes and said he was eager to try the company\u2019s new targeting and click-to-buy options.', u'Nevertheless, increased advertising could also turn off Instagram users. The service\u2019s founder, Kevin Systrom, who still runs the service within Facebook, built it to be a place to relax and appreciate beautiful photos and videos posted by people and companies that users have chosen to follow. When Facebook bought Mr. Systrom\u2019s company for $1 billion, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook\u2019s chief executive, said he wanted to preserve that experience.', u'Filling the feed with unexpected ads from random companies could alter that.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not necessarily going to be the beautiful imagery that fans are used to, \u201d said Debra Aho Williamson, a principal analyst at eMarketer, who was briefed in advance about the company\u2019s plans. She cited the infamous Facebook ads promoting belly-fat reduction as an example of \u201cugly\u201d ads that could soon show up in Instagram feeds.', u'Instagram insists that it is treading carefully to balance the desires of its advertisers and its users and does not want to appreciably change the user experience.', u'\u201cVisual storytelling for brands has more resonance. People remember it more,\u201d said James Quarles, Instagram\u2019s global head of business and brand development. \u201cBut we want to make sure the ads they see are for things that matter to them.\u201d', u'Instagram has roughly the same number of users as Twitter. But Instagram has been much slower than Twitter and its own sister network, Facebook, in allowing ads on the service and building sophisticated targeting tools to help marketers reach potential customers.', u'Google has also been creative. Last week, for example, it began public testing of a tool that allows people to buy products from within a YouTube video. And Pinterest, another growing social network, ', u' that it would allow sellers to add \u201cbuy\u201d buttons on items they post to the site.', u'Instagram has \u201ctaken it in a very gradual way to maintain as much of the purity of the environment as they can,\u201d said Brian Wieser, a media analyst with Pivotal Research.', u'Collectively, the expanded advertising options signal that Facebook is becoming serious about making money from Instagram, which has a younger audience than the main Facebook social network, whose core users are middle-age mothers.', u'\u201cWho are brands obsessed with? High-income teens and people in their 20s,\u201d said Scott Galloway, a New York University marketing professor and chairman of L2, a research firm that studies how consumer brands use social media. \u201cThose people are leaving Facebook. Where are they going? Instagram. Facebook has shored up its rear flank with this important cohort with Instagram.\u201d', u'There is little doubt that Instagram is a powerful storytelling platform for marketers. But so far, most of them have not advertised on the service but instead have used it for more subtle forms of marketing.', u'The Oreo cookie brand, for example, just finished \u201cTiny Tasty World,\u201d a campaign on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter that turns Oreos into miniature life scenes. In one, ', u' that rest on top of a golden Oreo in the sand. That post drew nearly 25,000 likes and more than 200 comments on Instagram.', u'\u201cThe visual style really resonates with people,\u201d said Kerri McCarthy, a brand manager for Oreo North America.', u'So far, Oreo has only posted images on its Instagram account and has not paid for advertising, Ms. McCarthy said. While that has been successful \u2014 since December, the size of Oreo\u2019s audience has doubled to roughly half a million followers \u2014 paid advertising could further increase the brand\u2019s reach.', u'That opportunity to reach people who are not yet fans but have the demographic traits that make them likely customers is part of Facebook\u2019s appeal to advertisers.', u'And over the coming months, the company says, it will bring that targeting to Instagram, which could appeal even to brands with large numbers of followers.', u'GMC, the truck brand of General Motors, for example, uses such targeting to advertise on Facebook to potential truck buyers, a group it has identified through outside marketing data as well as Facebook\u2019s data about its users.', u'By contrast, the automaker\u2019s first Instagram ad, a panoramic experiment that made its debut last week, was sent to all American Instagram users ages 25 to 54.', u'\u201cInstagram, at this point, doesn\u2019t have the level of sophistication that Facebook has,\u201d said Janet Keller, GMC\u2019s marketing director. \u201cIdeally, down the road we would have access to a lot more targeting and filtering.\u201d', u'Mr. Quarles of Instagram was much more cautious about promising the other feature that advertisers really want: the ability to embed a link in a post so that interested viewers can click to buy a product or learn more.', u'Instagram will begin testing such \u201ccall to action\u201d buttons soon, but only in ads and only in Spain, Mr. Quarles said.', u'\u201cOur sense is that the time from being inspired to making that purchase is probably a longer one than a single session on Instagram,\u201d he said.', u'Retailers would beg to differ.', u'Many of them already use third-party workarounds, such as Curalate\u2019s Like2Buy tool, to allow fans to shop their Instagram feeds. Visitors to the Instagram pages of Target, Nordstrom, Forever 21, Williams-Sonoma and other retailers can click on a special link that the store posts in its account description that leads to a mirror image of its Instagram feed \u2014 but one where photos are clickable and link to product pages where a shopper can buy the items.', u'\u201cWe have a lot of marketers who post beautiful photographs, and it\u2019s inspiring, and it causes people to want those products,\u201d said Apu Gupta, chief executive of Curalate.', u'Instagram\u2019s lack of product links has not only frustrated marketers, he said, \u201cit\u2019s frustrated consumers, too.\u201d']), ([u'Republicans Resist F.C.C. Proposal for Lifeline Broadband Subsidies'], [u'Republicans pushed back on Tuesday against a plan from the chairman of the ', u' ', u'.', u'At a Senate subcommittee hearing, no one disputed that broadband can be critical to filing job applications and completing schoolwork. But many lawmakers questioned just how costly the undertaking might be.', u'The plan from Tom Wheeler, the chairman of the ', u', would extend the reach of Lifeline, the program now used to provide low-income Americans with mobile and landline phone service. But Republicans at the hearing said that the program had been mismanaged and that it made little sense to expand it before eradicating what they called excessive fraud.', u'\u201cThere are many benefits of broadband,\u201d said Senator ', u', a Republican from Mississippi and chairman of the Senate subcommittee on communications, technology, innovation and the Internet, who called the hearing. Still, he said, \u201cbefore again expanding the program, we need to consider what problems remain and how we can address them since consumers are funding the program with increasing phone bills.\u201d', u'In a proposal circulated to his fellow commissioners last week, Mr. Wheeler suggested that Internet access had become as essential as a phone connection and ought to be covered by Lifeline. The $1.7 billion program now funds phone service to more than 12 million households; it is financed through a charge applied to phone bills in the United States.', u'A single subsidy is allotted per household, but over the last decade, with lax oversight and the rise of mobile phones, households fraudulently claimed more than one subsidy.', u'In 2012, the F.C.C. added new safeguards, including a central database that confirmed each address had only one subsidy associated with it. Since then, enrollment has fallen by about a third, according to the Government Accountability Office.', u'Still, many on Tuesday suggested that the changes in 2012 may not have gone far enough. Even Democrats conceded as much. \u201cThe program does need an overhaul,\u201d said Senator Brian Schatz, a Democrat of Hawaii and ranking member of the subcommittee. He supported tackling the two things at once: \u201cThat means reforming Lifeline and expanding it to broadband at the same time.\u201d', u'Mr. Wheeler proposed exactly that last week, suggesting that the F.C.C. tighten controls over the program while it explores subsidizing broadband.', u'Mr. Wheeler did not appear at the hearing on Tuesday, which had been scheduled before last week\u2019s announcement and in response to a report by the Government Accountability Office. That report, released in March, suggested that the F.C.C. re-examine the Lifeline program and enact a few additional changes it had promised to adopt in 2012.', u'Senator Richard Blumenthal, Democrat of Connecticut, expressed frustration that the \u201cboogeyman of waste, fraud and abuse\u201d had been repeatedly invoked to argue against giving poor Americans, disproportionately black and Hispanic, access to broadband.', u'\u201cThe so-called digital divide threatens to become a digital chasm,\u201d he said, referring to disparities between those with access to technology and those without it.', u'A few lawmakers on Tuesday took issue with the basic premise of the subsidy program, regardless of what technology it paid for. Senator Deb Fischer of Nebraska called it \u201ca regressive tax\u201d embedded in her constituents\u2019 phone bills.', u'Senator ', u', Republican of New Hampshire, said she was concerned that rural areas might not have opportunities to take advantage of a broadband subsidy if it were approved.', u'\u201cWe can expand Lifeline all we want,\u201d she said, \u201cbut if you don\u2019t have infrastructure for broadband, it\u2019s not going to help.\u201d', u'This week, some Democratic lawmakers introduced bills in the House and Senate to expand the program to cover broadband, in a show of support for the F.C.C.\u2019s proposal. Verizon, the National Cable and Telecommunications Association and CTIA, which represents the wireless phone industry, expressed support for the legislation.', u'Meanwhile, the F.C.C. proposal has drawn praise from service providers like AT&T. James W. Cicconi, a senior executive vice president of ', u' who worked in the Reagan White House when the Lifeline subsidy was created in 1985, said this week that he saw Internet access as \u201cthe more important Lifeline technology for the 21st century.\u201d', u'But he took issue with the burden the program put on service providers. Under the current framework, carriers like ', u' bear the sole responsibility of confirming eligibility, verifying income levels or enrollment in ', u' or the food stamp program. Lifeline is unlike any other federal low-income support program in outsourcing eligibility verification.', u'Even among those who support the idea of subsidizing broadband, questions remain about the cost of the program. Mr. Wheeler has suggested that funding hold steady at $9.25 monthly per household, but some have wondered how feasible that is when offering broadband, or a mix of broadband and wireless phone minutes and texts.', u'Adam Clayton Powell III, a senior fellow at the University of Southern California\u2019s Center on Communication Leadership and Policy, who has supported improving emergency mobile alerts, said he was hopeful that funding for the program did not need to increase.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not just reasonable but politically essential to keep funding stable,\u201d Mr. Powell said. \u201cWe have the wonderful advantage of the increasing power of technology year over year. For the same price, you can buy more.\u201d']), ([u'Instagram Takes Steps to Open Platform to Advertisers'], [u'(Reuters) - Instagram said on Tuesday that it is taking steps to make its ads available to all types of businesses, not just hand-selected brands.', u'Starting in June, Instagram this year is rolling out to advertisers the ability to more closely direct campaigns by zip code and other data sets like interests in the same ways that brands can target consumers on its parent company Facebook Inc.', u'In addition it will let advertisers link to external websites or app stores with buttons such as "shop now," "sign up," "learn more," and "install now."', u"Currently, it works closely with only a handful of brands like Levi's, Banana Republic and Ben & Jerry's. Ads can only be targeted by gender, age and country.", u'"The quality of the ad experience remains a very important point of differentiation for us," Instagram\'s global head of business and brand development James Quarles said in an interview.', u'The move to widen and sharpen the ad platform is a significant one for the popular mobile photo app that has more than 200 million daily active users across the world. It has carefully allowed advertising on its platform starting a year and a half ago. Facebook acquired Instagram for $1 billion in 2012.', u'Quarles added that making ads more relevant and delivering them to the right target is the next stage of development.', u'Still, by opening up to all advertisers, including hundreds of thousands of small businesses, Instagram risks losing quality control of campaigns and potentially irking users.', u'"People are used to seeing beautiful brand imagery in their feeds," said Debra Aho Williamson, principal analyst at eMarketer. "Now they will see some direct response ads and we all know the baggage that comes with that."', u'Still, Williamson expects a "strong ramp-up" from advertisers long eager to do more with the platform.', u'Facebook does not break out Instagram revenue but Pivotal Research estimates it is in the hundreds of millions of dollars.', u'Kfir Gavrieli, co-founder and CEO of Tieks, an online-only retailer known for its ballet flats, said it\'s currently "clumsy and awkward" for an Instagram user to get from a post to a landing page.', u'"The shop now button," he said, "will be much more seamless."', u'(Reporting by Jennifer Saba in New York; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'Vimeo Introduces Monthly Subscription Service'], [u'(Reuters) - Online video platform Vimeo introduced a subscription service on Tuesday that allows creators to charge on a monthly basis.', u'Currently, video makers can sell their material a la carte or through rentals on Vimeo.', u'"Both the supply and demand side for premium paid video is totally proven," said Kerry Trainor, chief executive of Vimeo.', u"He compared Vimeo to pay-TV channel HBO, which is supported by subscriptions. Vimeo competes with Google's YouTube, which derives its revenue from advertising in a similar way to broadcast television.", u'Vimeo has over 600,000 paying subscribers for its tools business that allows film makers and others access to more storage and customization features.', u'The new subscription service will allow content owners to charge at least 99 cents with no ceiling. Vimeo will take a 10 percent cut.', u"IAC/Interactive Corp, which owns Vimeo, does not provide a breakdown of the video platform's revenue.", u'In 2013, Reuters reported that Vimeo made $40 million in revenue.', u'(Reporting by Jennifer Saba in New York)']), ([u'Google Demands Movie Studios Comply With Subpoenas'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Google Inc has asked a federal judge to require three major movie studios to comply with subpoenas it believes may help show they conspired with Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood as he investigated the Internet search company.', u'In a request made public on Tuesday in Manhattan federal court, Google said Viacom Inc, Twenty-First Century Fox Inc and Comcast Corp\'s NBCUniversal "have produced nothing" in response to the March 12 subpoenas, and cannot claim the requested material is irrelevant or privileged.', u'Google sued Hood, a longtime critic, last Dec. 19 in Mississippi to block his probe of whether it should be held civilly or criminally responsible for encouraging sales of objectionable materials, such as illegal drugs and pornography, through its search engine and YouTube video-sharing website.', u'As part of that case, the Mountain View, California-based company accused Hood of effectively being a pawn for the Motion Picture Association of America, whose members it said "have spent years pursuing an anti-Google agenda" as the group tries to halt the distribution of pirated videos on the Internet.', u"Viacom, Twenty-First Century Fox and NBCUniversal are among the MPAA's six members.", u"The subpoenas issued in connection with the Mississippi case seek communications with Hood, communications with other state attorneys general about Google and information about studios' campaign donations to Hood and the Democratic Attorneys General Association. Hood is a Democrat.", u'"Google subpoenaed the studios for information about behind-the-scenes maneuvering that fomented AG Hood\'s violations of Google\'s constitutional and federal rights," the company said in a court filing. "Given the narrow window afforded for discovery in this case, Google can wait no longer."', u"Nathaniel Brown, a spokesman for Twenty-First Century Fox, declined to comment. Viacom, NBCUniversal and the MPAA did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Hood's office had no immediate comment.", u"Google's lawsuit against Hood is pending in federal court in Jackson, Mississippi.", u'Without ruling on the merits, U.S. District Judge Henry Wingate in Jackson on March 27 found a "substantial likelihood" that Hood violated Google\'s First Amendment rights by regulating the company\'s speech based on its content, and retaliated for that speech by having issued a 79-page subpoena to Google in October.', u'The case is Google Inc v. Twenty-First Century Fox Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 15-mc-00150. The Mississippi case is Google Inc v. Hood, U.S. District Court, Southern District of Mississippi, No. 14-00981.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Dan Grebler)']), ([u"Samsung Elec's Galaxy S6 April Sales Suggest Good Start: Researcher"], [u"SEOUL \u2014  Sales of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones reached 6 million units at the end of April, less than a month after their launch, researcher Counterpoint said on Tuesday, suggesting a positive start.", u"Counterpoint said in a statement that combined sales of S6 and S6 edge from the April 10 launch to April 30 were better than Galaxy S5's sales in the same period of 2014.", u"They were also the most popular smartphone models globally after arch-rival Apple Inc's ", u' 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, the researcher said.', u"The data, which counts sales to customers as opposed to shipments, suggests the new flagship devices will help the world's top smartphone maker regain momentum following a disappointing 2014. The new phones were well-received by critics, buoying hopes for an earnings turnaround.", u"Though Samsung executives have maintained the S6 models would set a new company shipments record, the firm has not  disclosed sales numbers so far. Investors have grown worried that sales may not meet expectations, which contributed to the stock's 7.3 percent decline in May.", u'While the flat-screen S6 sold more in April, the researcher said sales of the curved-screen S6 edge would have been higher had it not been for supply constraints. Samsung has said supply problems for the edge model will be resolved within the current quarter.', u'"The Samsung Galaxy S6 series has a chance to become the top selling smartphone overtaking Apple\u2019s iPhone 6 series, if production issues are solved," Counterpoint Research Director Peter Richardson said in a statement, adding the window of opportunity for the Samsung devices to achieve that goal would be small given the intense competition.', u'Counterpoint said it expected sales for the new Samsung flagship phones to reach 50 million by the end of the year, better than what the firm estimates to be its current first-year sales record of 45 million units for the Galaxy S4.', u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Miral Fahmy and Mark Potter)']), ([u'Internet of Things Market to Triple to $1.7 Trillion by 2020: IDC'], [u'(Reuters) - The global market for "Internet of Things", the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet, will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020, research firm International Data Corp said.', u'The IoT market, valued at $655.8 billion in 2014, is set to grow at a compounded annual rate of 16.9 percent, IDC said on Tuesday.', u'"Devices, connectivity, and IT services will make up the majority of the IoT market in 2020," IDC said. "Together, they are estimated to account for over two-thirds of the worldwide IoT market in 2020..."', u'Technology firms including Google Inc, Intel Corp, Cisco Systems, Samsung Electronics and telecoms majors including Vodafone and Verizon are betting heavily on Internet device-connected homes for future revenue and profit.', u'Intel said in February it would buy German network chip maker Lantiq to expand its range of chips used in Internet-connected gadgets.', u'Google bought smart thermostat and smoke alarm-maker Nest Labs Inc for $3.2 billion last year and Samsung Electronics acquired U.S. start-up SmartThings, which makes software that helps control everything from door locks to light switches in homes, for $200 million.', u'(Reporting by Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'Ellen Pao Files Notice of Appeal in Silicon Valley Bias Suit'], [u'Ellen Pao, the woman who lost a gender-bias lawsuit against an elite Silicon Valley venture capital firm, filed a notice of appeal on Monday in San Francisco Superior Court, a procedural move. A San Francisco jury cleared the firm, Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers, in March of claims it short-circuited Ms. Pao\u2019s career because she was a woman, in a case that helped begin a wide discussion about gender and the technology industry. Heather Wilson, a spokeswoman for Ms. Pao, said she declined to comment. Should Ms. Pao decide to pursue an appeal, her case would be heard by California\u2019s First District Court of Appeal. She could face a difficult path. According to Westlaw data, out of 49 decisions involving discrimination and retaliation over the past two years, the First District affirmed 26 of 31 cases where the employer won in the trial court, or 84 percent. Only five cases were reversed. The court, which covers San Francisco and 11 other Northern California counties, handed victory to employers in more than half of the cases they lost in the lower courts, reversing 10 of 18 cases.']), ([u"Apple's Siri Has New Role in New 'Smart' Home Systems"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Hey Siri, turn off the kitchen light.', u'The first "smart" home gadgets that can be controlled by Apple\'s voice-activated digital assistant are going on sale this week, just days after rival tech giant Google announced it\'s building its own software for Internet-connected home appliances and other gadgets.', u'The new products could be an important step forward for the emerging industry of "smart" or "connected" homes, where appliances, thermostats and even door locks contain computer chips that communicate wirelessly. While a number of companies are working on similar products, analysts say Apple could persuade more consumers to try them by making it easy to control different products from a familiar device, such as the iPhone.', u'Apple announced its "HomeKit" software project a year ago, but isn\'t making the new products. Instead, other companies have been working to make devices that meet Apple\'s criteria for compatibility and security. Two manufacturers are now selling products and three more are accepting online "pre-orders" or plan to begin selling in coming weeks.', u'HomeKit-certified products hitting the market Tuesday include wireless hubs from two companies, Insteon and Lutron Electronics. The hubs, about the size of a small home router or cable TV box, act as the central controller for lights and other gadgets. The hubs in turn can be managed with a smartphone app.', u'Lutron Electronics, for example, is selling a $230 starter kit that includes its "Caseta Wireless Smart Bridge" hub and two dimmer units \u2014 either wall switches or plug-in units for lamps \u2014 controlled by the hub. Insteon says its hub will work with compatible lights, power switches and thermostats. Three other companies say they expect to start selling HomeKit thermostats, power plugs and climate sensors in coming weeks.', u"You can already buy similar products from these companies, which have their own smartphone apps to control them. The tie-in with Apple means a user can control those apps with Siri, the voice-activated digital assistant on Apple's iPhones and iPads. Users must link with an Apple TV box to control from outside the home.", u'Apple also says products using HomeKit software must meet standards for compatibility, so they work with HomeKit products made by other manufacturers, and for encryption, which keeps hackers from taking over a system or stealing user information.', u'While Apple wants Siri to play a leading role in "smart" homes, its biggest rivals want in, too. Google announced last week that it\'s creating software called Brillo as a common platform for Internet-connected gadgets in the home or in commercial settings. Microsoft and Samsung are also promoting software to control home systems.']), ([u'Privacy App Maker Files EU Antitrust Complaint Against Google'], [u"BRUSSELS \u2014  U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's ban on its privacy app, accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position.", u'Disconnect, set up four years ago by former Google engineers, says its app protects users of the Android operating system from invisible tracking and malware distributed through advertisements.', u'It said Google had abused its position by blocking the app from the Google Play store last year, and had gained an unfair advantage over competitors by integrating its own privacy and security services into its own products.', u'"They said we interfered with the ability of third parties to serve ads. Google was not willing to engage in a dialogue," Disconnect Chief Executive Casey Oppenheim told Reuters on Tuesday.', u"Google said Disconnect's complaint was groundless.", u'"Our Google Play policies have long prohibited apps that interfere with other apps - such as altering their functionality, or removing their way of making money. We apply this policy uniformly and Android developers strongly support it," spokesman Al Verney said.', u"The European Commission, which opened a probe into Google's agreements with smartphone and tablet makers using its Android operating system in April, confirmed it had received the complaint on Tuesday and said it would assess it.", u"The EU competition authority's Android investigation is one of two into Google's business practices. The other, more advanced, inquiry focuses on whether the company distorts web search results to favor its own shopping service.", u'(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'2 Cisco Presidents Will Leave in a Restructuring'], [u'Two ', u' presidents are leaving the company as Chuck Robbins takes over as chief executive and moves to a \u201cflatter\u201d leadership team. In a blog post on Monday, Mr. Robbins said the president and chief operating officer, Gary Moore, and president of development and sales, Rob Lloyd, would leave Cisco on July 25. Mr. Robbins, a 17-year veteran of the networking communications company, will succeed John Chambers as chief a day later. \u201cTo drive our continued success and leadership, our organization structure must always evolve as the market changes,\u201d Mr. Robbins said in the post. He praised Mr. Lloyd and Mr. Moore for their \u201ctremendous leadership.\u201d Mr. Lloyd has been with Cisco for 21 years and Mr. Moore for 14 years. Mr. Robbins said he would announce his organizational structure and leadership team in the next two weeks.']), ([u'Ellen Pao Will Appeal Gender Discrimination Case Against Kleiner'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Former Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers partner Ellen Pao will appeal the result of a gender discrimination she brought against the powerful Silicon Valley venture capital firm, according to a court document filed on Monday.', u"A San Francisco jury cleared Kleiner Perkins in March of claims it short-circuited Pao's career because she is a woman, in a case that helped spark a wide discussion about gender at the center of the U.S. technology industry.", u"Pao's spokeswoman, Heather Wilson, declined to comment beyond confirming the appeal.", u'Kleiner spokeswoman Christina Lee said: "We remain committed to gender diversity in the workplace and believe that women in technology would be best served by focusing on this issue outside of continued litigation."', u'Pao, now interim chief executive at social-news service Reddit, claimed her standing at Kleiner Perkins crumbled after she ended a brief affair with a partner, Ajit Nazre. She claimed her career deteriorated after both Nazre and Kleiner Perkins started retaliating against her in a climate that was overall unfriendly toward women, her lawyers argued.', u"After the verdict, three jurors told Reuters they had focused on Pao's increasingly negative performance reviews, which undermined her argument that she deserved to be promoted.", u"The venture capital firm is now seeking to recover about $973,000 of its litigation costs, while Pao's lawyers argue she should not have to pay.", u'Kleiner has said it would waive its legal costs should Pao choose not to appeal, an offer which still stands, Lee said.', u'A hearing on costs is set for later this month.', u"Kleiner's offer to withdraw its costs request in exchange for an end to the case is common when defendants prevail in employment lawsuits. Should Pao decide to pursue an appeal, her case would be heard by California's First District Court of Appeal.", u'She could face a difficult path. According to Westlaw data, out of 49 decisions involving discrimination and retaliation over the past two years, the First District affirmed 26 of 31 cases where the employer won in the trial court, or 84 percent. Only five cases were reversed.', u'Meanwhile the court, which covers San Francisco and 11 other Northern California counties, handed victory to employers in more than half of the cases they lost in the lower courts, reversing 10 of 18 cases.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride and Dan Levine; Editing by Chris Reese and Diane Craft)']), ([u'CA Inc Names Xbox Co-Founder as Tech Chief'], [u"(Reuters) - Business software maker CA Inc appointed Otto Berkes, one of the four founders of Microsoft Corp's Xbox console, as chief technology officer.", u"Berkes was most recently the technology chief at Time Warner Inc's HBO and worked on the development of HBO GO amongst other things.", u'Before joining HBO, Berkes spent 18 years at Microsoft.', u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'NetApp CEO Tom Georgens Steps Down'], [u'(Reuters) - Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc said Tom Georgens had stepped down as chairman and chief executive.', u"George Kurian, NetApp's executive vice-president of product operations, will replace Georgens as CEO.", u'Lead independent director Mike Nevens has been elected chairman.', u"The company reported fourth-quarter results below analysts' estimates in May, hurt by lower sales to original equipment manufacturers.", u'NetApp had also said it was cutting about 500 jobs.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Wearable Device Provides Continuous Fetal Monitoring'], [u'Israeli medical experts have developed a wearable mobile monitor to keep a close watch on pregnant women and their fetuses as they go about their everyday lives.', u"The PregSense monitor has sensors woven into an elastic harness to provide data around the clock on the status of the fetus and the mother's health in the later stages of pregnancy.", u"A bluetooth-enabled device attached to the monitor collects and transmits data such as the mother and baby's heart rates to a smartphone and stores it on a secure cloud-based database accessible only to expectant mothers and their physicians.", u'The device is the work of the Nuvo Group, led by Oren Oz. He says a smartphone app will eventually provide a visual representation of the data gathered by the wearable monitor.', u'"Now you can see both you and the baby, the heart and all the data. What you are going to get in the app eventually is visualization that can tell you where the hand is, you\'re going to see if the baby is awake, you can hear your baby\'s heartbeat anytime you want and obviously everything about you as the mom, the activity, if you are relaxed, how you sleep, your activity, your heart activity, everything about your pregnancy will be put into data," he explained as he demonstrated the device for mother-to-be, Michal.', u'Oz founded the Nuvo Group with another pregnancy technological innovation, Ritmo, a strap allowing mothers to stream soothing music from a smartphone to gently stimulate the fetus.', u'The Israeli tech firm hopes the device will reassure anxious mothers like Michal, in week 32 of her pregnancy, who require monitoring without having to see her doctor.', u'"It connects me a lot more with the fetus, I\'ll hear the fetus whenever I want and it will be easier for me. I also won\'t have to be dependent on a doctor, at any given time I\'ll be able to connect, to see and hear," Michal said.', u'The PregSense strap is designed to collect data to help physicians detect symptoms that may lead to complications in pregnancy earlier.', u'"It\'s the first time that you have a huge amount of data of women and babies together about heart rate, kickings, position for fetus etc and we will be able to analyze this data to predict about events of pregnancy, like pre-term labor like pre-eclampsia and more and we will be able to intervene in the right time," said Varda Shalev, a medical informatics expert and active care primary physician. She is an external consultant to the Tel Aviv-based Nuvo Group.', u'The PregSense monitor does not use ultrasound like traditional doppler devices, which require pregnant women to lie still while physicians manually track the heartbeat of the fetus. The sensors use a patented algorithm to filter the signals it picks up into two heartbeat recordings.', u'Its developers say the passive sensors avoid the potential harm to tissue posed by ultrasonic devices and is perfectly safe for both the mother and baby during continuous monitoring.', u'The data collected is of high enough quality to be useful for clinicians and researchers.', u'"The sophistication of the technology and the sophistication of the sensors that we had designed for that is really making what used to be clinical data collection into passive continuous reliable home data collection," said Professor Nathan Intrator, a bio signal expert and chief technology officer for Nuvo Group .\xa0', u"Nuvo Group's advisory board member Professor Simcha Yagel, who also heads the division of obstetrics and gynecology at Hadassah, Hebrew University Medical Centers, said the electrocardiogram (ECG) provides the added value to the device.\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0", u'"I think the new achievement of Nuvo is in the field of detection of the ECG traces of the fetus, not only the sound not only the ultrasound but truly an electronic ECG," he told Reuters during a routine ultrasound scan for a pregnant woman in hospital.', u'Oz said doctors would appreciate not having to use traditional heavy machinery, such as the cardiotocography (CTG) or electronic fetal monitor (EFM) machines to trace the fetal heartbeat. Instead, they could track and diagnose patients remotely, allowing quick detection and intervention.', u'"The immediate impact, the immediate benefit to doctors is that we are replacing the bulky CTG machines which are heavy\xa0 and connected to the wall with the light weight mobility and continuous monitoring." said Oz.', u'The consumer version of the product, known as Ritmo Beats, is to be launched for users by the end of 2015 and will cost around $250 USD, Oz said. The clinical grade FDA-regulated device, to be teamed with a group of physicians to monitor the data and alert the mother of any unexpected events, has a 2016 launch target.', u'Oz is certain his invention will change pregnancy care management and "bring better care to more women at a fraction of the cost".\xa0']), ([u'Companies in Cathode Ray Tube Price Fixing Lawsuit Reach $528 Million Deal'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Five companies including Samsung SDI Co Ltd and Koninklijke Philips agreed to pay a total of $528 million to resolve a class action lawsuit alleging price fixing in the market for cathode ray tubes, according to a court filing.', u'Consumers who bought televisions and computer monitors sued various companies in late 2007 and early 2008, alleging an international conspiracy to fix CRT prices. The case had been set to go to trial this year.', u'Samsung agreed to pay $225 million as part of the settlement, with Philips paying $175 million, according to a court filing made public on Friday. Samsung representatives could not immediately be reached for comment on Monday.', u'In a statement, Philips said the settlement "brings to an end a long ongoing case that we\'ve previously disclosed."', u'Panasonic Corp, Hitachi Ltd and Toshiba Corp also agreed to settle the class action lawsuit.', u'The U.S. Department of Justice and other antitrust regulators had investigated CRT price fixing, to which Samsung agreed to plead guilty in 2011.', u'U.S. authorities had alleged Samsung SDI executives and other co-conspirators held meetings in Taiwan, South Korea, Malaysia, China and elsewhere to set targets for the prices of the tubes, and to allocate market share, even if it meant shutting down production lines.', u'The lawsuit in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is In Re: Cathode Ray Tube Antitrust Litigation, 07-cv-5944.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Chris Reese)']), ([u"3M's New Technology Chief Has a Bigger Budget, Bigger Goal"], [u'ST. PAUL, Minn. \u2014  At a time when many companies are investing a smaller portion of revenues in research and development, 3M Co has given Chief Technology Officer Ashish Khandpur more to spend, and he is aiming at bigger targets.', u'Khandpur, a 20-year 3M veteran and chemical engineer who holds patents related to pressure-sensitive adhesives, is helping oversee a push to expand R&D spending to about 6 percent of revenue by 2017 from about 5.5 percent in 2012. That equates to about $160 million in additional spending annually.', u'In an interview with Reuters, Khandpur said the fresh money will be used to develop "disruptive platforms", which can yield products that are sold into multiple markets and can change the competitive landscape.', u'"Each of these platforms we have funded is a several hundred million dollar opportunity at maturity," he said at 3M\u2019s St. Paul headquarters campus. It was his first interview since assuming his post in July.', u'So far, 3M, which posted $31.8 billion in revenue last year, says it has 30 such programs in various stages of development, with $250 million in sales expected this year from those already commercialized.', u'Khandpur pointed to Crystal Silk, a new surface material that is smooth to the touch, yet also designed to be scratch- and stain-resistant. It is used for computer touchpads, a new market for 3M, and also could have applications in appliances and other areas.', u"3M is bucking the trend with its plans to crank up R&D spending. Consulting firm Strategy& says annual R&D spending as a percentage of revenue among the world's 1,000 largest R&D spenders fell from 4.2 percent in 2005 to 3.5 percent in 2014. R&D spending did rise in absolute terms over that time.", u"Already, 3M invests more than double the average 2.3 percent spent last year by 190 industrial companies tracked by Strategy&. Of other large industrial companies, United Technologies reported spending 4.1 percent of revenue on R&D in 2014, while General Electric's research budget amounted to 4.8 percent of its industrial revenue. For GE, that budget compares to 5.3 percent in 2013, and 5.1 percent in 2012.", u'"Businesses, just because they are under pressure quarter-to-quarter of delivering their numbers, can get operational at times," said Khandpur, 47. "We want to make sure that as a company we don\u2019t fall into that trap and we are able to fund big programs."', u"Analysts are watching 3M's R&D spending to see if the company can deliver products with higher pricing and margins.", u'"If R&D productivity is poor, that\u2019s a huge disappointment," Edward Jones\xa0analyst Matt Arnold said. "Not only does it imply your pace of growth could slow, but it\u2019s also going to be a drag because it\u2019s significant money spent."', u'Khandpur says 3M is taking steps to improve its chances of delivering significant new products, such as sharpening the individual focus of its 85 labs in 37 countries.', u'The technology chief leads a monthly meeting of nine executives that recommends which major research programs the manufacturer should pursue, and which it should drop.', u'3M is also expanding efforts to get outside ideas. The company has\xa0roughly 50 technical centers globally that are designed to expose customers to 3M\u2019s technology. In March, 3M unveiled plans for a new center in western China.', u'One avenue Khandpur is exploring is creating products with digital capabilities. He is hiring people with experience in electronics, software and mathematics to augment the company\u2019s traditional strengths in materials sciences.', u'Among the projects underway are work on developing sensors that can be embedded in cable splices to monitor power lines, and Khandpur envisions respirators that can track the wearer\u2019s vital signs or detect if the device is being worn incorrectly.', u'"It\u2019s not about creating a software company in Minnesota," Khandpur said. "Our thinking is our core products are intersecting with the digital world."', u'(Reporting by Lewis Krauskopf; Editing by Joe White and David Gregorio)']), ([u'Cheap 3D Printed Robotic Arm Controlled by the Mind'], [u'By Joel Flynn', u"For Easton LaChappelle, a 19-year-old from Colorado in the United States (U.S.), the difficulty with robotics has never been the technology itself - something he says he managed to master in a matter of months from his bedroom in his parent's house - but the cost.", u'The technology used by most robotic arms and hands on the market - and many more of those in development - typically comes with large overheads.', u'In the last five years, though, learning almost exclusively online in forums and emails, LaChappelle has managed to synthesize a series of robotic hands that could change industries and lives - and most of which cost just a few hundred dollars.', u'While other developments in countries like Austria and Argentina have pushed the boundaries of prosthetic offerings, helping those missing limbs to start to regain use of them with robotics, LaChappelle has done so using 3D printing.', u"And he's made one that he says can read your mind. It's called Anthromod.", u'"This reads right about 10 channels of the brain, so it kind of works kind of like a muscle sensor in that it picks up small electric discharges and turns that into something you can actually read within software, and then we actually track patterns and try and convert that into movement. So with this I\'m actually able to change grips, grip patterns, based on facial gestures, and then use the raw actual brainwaves and focus to actually close the hand or open the clamp or hand," he told Reuters Television.', u"One of the most important aspects of the Anthromod design is the way in which it's controlled by the software, which LaChappelle says is different from the types of control that exist in other robotic platforms.", u"While it's the hand itself that moves, as more advanced controls are created it's the software that's doing the heavy lifting, using algorithms that make the arm easier to use.", u'"A good example is we actually had an amputee use the wireless brainwave headset to control a hand, and he was able to fluently control the robotic hand in right around about 10 minutes, so the learning curve is hardly a learning curve any more," he said.', u'The arms themselves might not look polished and ready for the shop floor - but LaChappelle sees them as cutting edge.', u'His robotic arms are all prototypes, each fulfilling a different need according to their design, with some using a wireless brainwave headset, designed more for prosthetic use. Another of his tele-robotic controlled hands was created with dangerous environments in mind, where human-like robots could be sent to allow people to monitor situations and intervene from afar.', u'"I really tried to make this as human-like as possible - this is probably about my fifth generation of the full robotic arm, and this is controlled using a full tele-robotic system, so there\'s actually a glove that you wear that tracks your hand movements, accelerometers to track your wrist and elbow, and then an IMU sensor as well to track your bicep rotation as well as your shoulder movement, and that gets all translated wirelessly to the robotic arm where it will copy what you do," he said.', u'One of the most impressive aspects of the arm is not the hardware itself, or even the software that controls it - but the fact that it can be 3D printed for a fraction of the cost of modern prosthetics.', u'This allows him to make complex internal structures to the designs which would otherwise be impossible, using not just any 3D printer, but precisely the kind many expect people to have at home in the near future.', u'"So 3D printing allows you to create something that\'s human-like, something that\'s extremely customized, again for a very low cost, which for certain applications such as prosthetics, is a really big part of it," he told Reuters.', u'"The full robotic arm is actually open source, and so people are now actually able to take this, reproduce it, and adapt it for different situations, applications, and really see what you can do with it," he added.', u'The Anthromod itself cost only about 600 dollars to make, LaChappelle said.', u'His work is documented in the videos he made at home, showing his handiwork - all part of his effort at making the invention open source - which means anyone can take his technology and customize and build on it.', u"The idea, he said, is not to create something that can solve problems for those with prostheses and other needs for robotic arms like the ones he's invented - but rather to create a platform that people around the world can use to customize their own versions of to suit their needs.", u'"A big reason we designed this on the consumer level is because we made this open source, we want someone that has a 3D printer, or very little printing experience, to be able to replicate this, to be able to use this for new applications, to be able to adapt it into new situations, so it\'s really exciting to see what people will start doing with something like this," he said.', u'"For the actual arm, we designed everything to be modular, meaning all the joints can actually interchange, and there\'s a universal bolt pattern. So you can now create something human-like, or you can create a big 20 degree freedom arm for complex filming or even low cost automations. So we really want to make a robotics platform, not so much just a robotics hand from this," he added.', u'LaChappelle hopes his efforts will contribute to developments in bomb defusal robots, heavy equipment and heavy industrial automation robotic arms, as well as exoskeletons.']), ([u"BlackBerry Settles Patent Dispute With Seacrest's Company Typo"], [u"TORONTO \u2014  BlackBerry Ltd and television host Ryan Seacrest's keyboard company Typo Products have agreed to settle a patent dispute over the sale of smartphone keyboards of a certain size, the Canadian smartphone maker said on Monday.", u'Under the terms of the settlement, Typo will stop selling keyboards for smartphones and other devices with screens smaller than 7.9 inches, BlackBerry said. It can continue selling keyboards for larger devices.', u'In February, a U.S. district court sanctioned Typo, co-founded by "American Idol" host Seacrest, for violating an injunction that barred it from selling a $99 iPhone keyboard case that BlackBerry said infringed its patents.', u"Physical keyboards have remained a key selling point for BlackBerry, loved by many of the company's most loyal fans, as it loses market share to Apple's iPhone and phones that run on Google's Android operating system, which typically have touchscreen keyboards.", u'(Reporting by Allison Martell; Editing by Bernadette Baum)']), ([u"Japan's Softbank Increases Controlling Stake in Finnish 'Clash of Clans' Maker"], [u"HELSINKI \u2014  Japan's SoftBank Corp said on Monday it has increased its controlling stake in Supercell, the Finnish mobile games maker best-known for its hit title 'Clash of Clans'.", u'The Japanese communications and media company said it had acquired an additional 22.7 percent share in Supercell, boosting its total stake to 73.2 percent. It did not disclose the price of the deal.', u"SoftBank bought a majority stake in the firm in 2013 for about $1.5 billion. Last year, Supercell saw its revenue triple to 1.5 billion euros ($1.64 billion) while profit doubled to 515 million euros, making it the world's top-grossing company in the sector.", u'A sluggish Japanese economy is forcing Softbank to increasingly look overseas for growth.', u'SoftBank, in a statement, said that Supercell would continue to operate independently, and Ilkka Paananen would continue to serve as the chief executive officer.', u"The remaining stake is owned by Supercell's management and employees.", u'(Reporting By Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Susan Fenton)']), ([u'Senate Lets NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data expired at midnight on Sunday after the Senate failed to pass legislation extending their powers.", u"After debate pitting Americans' distrust of intrusive government against fears of terrorist attacks, the Senate voted to advance reform legislation that would replace the bulk phone records program revealed two years ago by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.", u'Although the Senate did not act in time to keep the program from expiring, the vote was at least a partial victory for Democratic President Barack Obama, who had pushed for the reform measure as a compromise addressing privacy concerns while preserving a tool to help protect the country from attack.', u'But final Senate passage was delayed until at least Tuesday by objections from Senator Rand Paul, a libertarian Republican presidential hopeful who has fulminated against the NSA program as illegal and unconstitutional.', u"As a result, the government's collection and search of phone records terminated at midnight when key provisions of a post-Sept. 11, 2001, law known as the ", u' expired.', u'In addition, U.S. law enforcement and security agencies will lose authority to conduct other programs.', u'Those allow for "roving wiretaps" aimed at terrorism suspects who use multiple disposable cell phones; permit authorities to target "lone wolf" suspects with no connection to specific terrorist groups, and make it easier to seize personal and business records of suspects and their associates.', u'Still, eventual resumption of the phone records program in another form, and the other government powers, appeared likely after the Senate voted 77-17 to take up the reform legislation, called the USA Freedom Act.', u'"This bill will ultimately pass," Paul acknowledged after the procedural vote.', u'The Senate abruptly reversed course during a rare Sunday session to let the bill go ahead, after Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reluctantly acknowledged that Paul had stymied his efforts to extend the Patriot Act provisions.', u'Intelligence experts say a lapse of only a few days would have little immediate effect. The government is allowed to continue collecting information related to any foreign intelligence investigation that began before the deadline.', u'Obama strongly backed the Freedom Act, as have most Democrats. It passed the House of Representatives on May 13 by  338-88.', u'After the Senate adjourned, the White House issued a statement calling on the Senate to "put aside partisan motivations and act swiftly."', u'The measure could face more debate in Congress. Republican Senator Richard Burr offered several amendments, including one to extend the existing program for 12 months to provide more time to adopt changes mandated by the Freedom Act.', u'That could be a problem for some House members, because it doubles the transition period in their version of the bill.', u"'DEMAGOGUERY AND DISINFORMATION'", u'Republicans have been deeply divided on the issue. Security hawks wanted the NSA program to continue as is, and libertarians like Paul want to kill it altogether.', u'The Senate debate was angry.', u'Paul said the Patriot Act provisions wasted resources better spent targeting those planning attacks. He even accused some of his critics of wanting an attack on the United States "so they can blame it on me."', u'McConnell accused Paul, his fellow Kentucky Republican, and other Patriot Act opponents of waging "a campaign of demagoguery and disinformation" based on revelations from Snowden "who was last seen in Russia."', u'McConnell has endorsed Paul for president. But he wanted to extend the Patriot Act provisions, unchanged, for five years, and agreed only reluctantly to allow a vote on the Freedom Act despite what he called its "serious flaws."', u'Several senators accused Paul of using the issue to raise money for his presidential campaign.', u'"He obviously has a higher priority for his fundraising and political ambitions than for the security of the nation," Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, told reporters.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The Senate resumed consideration of the legislation at 4 p.m. EDT, just as security officials said they had to begin shutting down the NSA program to meet the deadline.', u'The Freedom Act would end spy agencies\' bulk collection of domestic telephone "metadata" and replace it with a more targeted system.', u'The records would be held by telecommunications companies, not the government, and the NSA would have to get court approval to gain access to specific data. Neither the current nor proposed new system gives the government access to the content of phone conversations.', u'Many civil liberties groups feel the Freedom Act does not go  far enough in protecting privacy.', u'"Congress should take advantage of this sunset to pass far reaching surveillance reform, instead of the weak bill currently under consideration," Michael Macleod-Ball, acting director of the American Civil Liberties Union\'s Washington Legislative Office, said in a statement.', u'A review panel Obama established in 2013 concluded that the metadata collection program had not been essential to preventing any terrorist attack. Security officials counter that it provides important data they can combine with other intelligence to help stop attacks.', u'(Additional reporting by Douwe Miedema and Bill Trott; Editing by Eric Walsh and Sandra Maler)']), ([u'Nokia Launches Localised Datacenter Service for Telecoms Firms'], [u'HELSINKI \u2014  Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday, enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon and Google in providing internet services.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Nokia said it will offer cloud-based datacenters running on Intel Corp's platform to network operators seeking to contend with the soaring growth in mobile data traffic.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Nokia is turning the notion of highly centralised datacenters on its head by allowing mobile operators to spread datacenter functions across their networks, enabling customer data to be handled locally and thereby boosting the speed of network services. These local datacenters can then be connected to and backed up by centralised, large datacenters.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Normally datacenters are massive facilities used to house vast amounts of computers needed to run the most demanding Web and mobile services.', u"\xa0\xa0 \xa0By taking a modular approach, Nokia's datacenters come in pizza box-sized services and provide operators with ultradense computing power they can install alongside existing antennas and base station gear that connect callers in local areas to wider voice and data networks.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Nokia's AirFrame datacenter products will allow data processing capacity to be shared by adjacent base station cell sites or by a centralised datacenter when any particular part of the network becomes congested with mobile users.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0"It is entirely practical to put these anywhere that you might put a base station, for example," said Phil Twist, a Nokia Networks executive. "You can actually put the processing right to the edge (of the network)", he said, which means mobile phone users would not get many of the delays they currently experience in watching video or downloading emails.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Telecom network operators are keen to build datacenters to reduce the cost of hardware spending within their networks, improve services they offer subscribers and to obtain the Web-wide reach of the big internet companies.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 The new datacenter offering puts Nokia in competition with technology suppliers such as Hewlett & Packard and Cisco, while its larger rival in the network gear business, Ericsson, has also recently entered the datacenter market with products based on Intel's platform.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0"Nokia\'s announcement shows an openness that is distinct from similar approaches by Ericsson, HP and others," said Elisabeth Rainge from technology market research firm IDC.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Nokia is set to become the world's second-biggest network equipment maker once it completes its takeover of French rival Alcatel-Lucent.", u'(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Google Increases User Privacy Controls'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Google increased privacy controls for users and rolled out a website on Monday that answers frequently asked questions in response to increasing concern over how the search giant collects and uses its massive amounts of data.', u'Users have been able to control certain privacy settings for months or years, such as whether to save web browser and location history, which is also used in targeted advertising.', u'But managing the controls is confusing and time consuming because the settings are in various places across the web that are not always easy to find.', u'Now users will be able to use My Account, which provides a privacy checkup and security checkup, or lists where people can check off which data they want to be public and private.', u"Google's new website answers frequently asked questions, such as whether the company sells personal data and what information is given to advertisers.", u'"We knew that users find privacy and security really mysterious so we wanted to make it very approachable," said Guemmy Kim, product manager for account controls and settings.', u'Data control has become increasingly important to users in recent years as more day-to-day activity has moved to the Internet.', u'In 2013, Edward Snowden leaked classified documents that showed the U.S. National Security Agency was engaging in mass collection of phone records, placing companies that have enormous amounts of data, such as Google, Facebook and Apple, under increasing scrutiny.', u'Only 9 percent of people in a recent Pew survey felt they had a "lot" of control over their data.', u"Monday's rollout comes on the heels of newly increased app permissions for Android, which Google announced at its annual developer\u2019s conference last week. The new system mirrors the app permissions on Apple's iPhones, which do not allow apps to automatically access numerous types of data, such as location or phone contacts.", u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Michael Perry)']), ([u"China's 'Internet Police' Open a Window on Web Censorship"], [u'BEIJING \u2014  The branch of China\'s police in charge of censoring "illegal and harmful" online information will make its efforts more visible to the public from Monday with the launch of their own social media accounts, the Ministry of Public Security said.', u"The Chinese government aggressively censors the Internet, blocking many sites it deems could challenge the rule of the Communist Party or threaten stability, including popular Western sites like YouTube, Instagram and Facebook, as well as Google Inc's main search engine and Gmail service.", u"Police in some 50 areas, from metropolises like Beijing and Shanghai to more obscure cities like Xuzhou in Jiangsu province, will open accounts on sites including Weibo, China's answer to Twitter, the ministry said late on Sunday.", u'The move is a response to public concern about problems like online gambling and pornography and is aimed at increasing the visibility of the police presence online to "create a harmonious, cultured, clear and bright Internet", it said.', u'"The Internet police are coming out to the front stage from behind the curtains, beginning regular open inspection and law enforcement efforts, raising the visibility of the police online, working hard to increase a joint feeling of public safety for the online community and satisfy the public," the ministry said.', u'The cyber police are working to root out "illegal and harmful information on the Internet, deter and prevent cyber crimes and improper words and deeds online, publish case reports and handle public tip-offs", it said.', u'Problems such as fraud, defamation, gambling, the sale of drugs and guns, and "picking quarrels and provoking trouble" - a charge often used to lock up dissidents - have angered people and created a serious challenge to an orderly Internet, it said.', u'The police would issue warnings to those involved in minor offences and go after more serious cases.', u'"Just like in the real world, law violations in cyberspace will not go unaccounted for," it said.', u'The government has already deleted some 758,000 pieces of "illegal and criminal information" from the Internet and investigated more than 70,000 cyber crime cases since the start of this year, the ministry said.', u'(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Paul Tait)']), ([u'Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan's pension system has been hacked and more than a million cases of personal data leaked, authorities said on Monday, in an embarrassment that revived memories of a scandal that helped topple Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in his first term in office.", u"Japan Pension Service staff computers were improperly accessed by an external email virus, leading to the leak of some 1.25 million cases of personal data, the system's president, Toichiro Mizushima, told a hastily called news conference.", u'He apologized for the leak, which he said involved combinations of names, identification numbers, birth dates and addresses.', u'The pension service was setting up a team to investigate the cause and prevent a recurrence, Mizushima said.', u'"These are the people\'s vital pensions. I have instructed Health and Welfare Minister (Yasuhisa) Shiozaki to consider the pension recipients and do everything possible," Abe told reporters in brief remarks aired on NHK public television, which featured the data leak as the evening\'s top news story.', u"Separately, Shiozaki apologized for failing to prevent the hacking and told a news conference he had instructed the Japan Pension Service to set top priority on protecting the public's pensions.", u'Public outrage over botched record-keeping that left millions of pension premium payments unaccounted for was a major factor in a devastating defeat suffered by Abe\u2019s Liberal Democratic Party in a 2007 election for parliament\u2019s upper house.', u'Abe, whose first cabinet also lost several cabinet ministers to other scandals and gaffes, including one who committed suicide, resigned in September of that year in the face of parliamentary deadlock and ill health.', u'(Writing by William Mallard and Linda Sieg; Editing by Robert Birsel and Clarence Fernandez)']), ([u'Microsoft Says Windows 10 Available on July 29'], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  Microsoft Corp said on Monday its new Windows 10 operating system will be available worldwide on July 29, as a free upgrade for users of the most recent versions of Windows.', u'The world\'s largest software company had earlier said Windows 10 would be released this "summer".', u"Touch-friendly Windows 10, which features the return of the Start menu and will run across PCs, tablets and smartphones, is Microsoft's latest attempt to win over mobile users and features a new browser called 'Edge'.", u'It will be offered as a free upgrade to users of Windows 7 and 8.1, a strategy announced in January, designed to capture as many users as possible.', u'Microsoft also said new PCs and tablets running Windows 10 will go on sale July 29, while Windows 10 for other devices such as smartphones would be available later this year.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; editing by Jason Neely)']), ([u'Motorola\u2019s Antitrust Lawsuit May Head to Top Court'], [u'The evidence is compelling. The cartel of Asian electronics makers worked for more than five years to set the prices of liquid-crystal display screens used in computers and cellphones. They gathered for monthly meetings in private conference rooms at luxury hotels.', u'They kept notes at these price-rigging meetings. A typical heading: \u201cExtremely confidential. Must not distribute.\u201d A telling summary: \u201cMust act together with the Korean makers in order to reap success.\u201d', u'The details surfaced in a Justice Department criminal antitrust investigation, in which first Samsung and then LG Display, Sharp and other companies cooperated, pleaded guilty and paid hundreds of millions of dollars in fines. A large Taiwanese producer, ', u', did not settle, and three years ago the company was convicted in a federal court in San Francisco and ordered to pay $500 million. Two of its executives were sentenced to three years in prison.', u'Pointing to the same evidence, Motorola Mobility, one of the corporate victims of the price-fixing scheme, filed a follow-on civil antitrust suit, seeking damages from AU Optronics and other members of the cartel. But last November, a federal appeals court in Chicago tossed out Motorola\u2019s civil suit, saying the company\u2019s overseas subsidiaries could not reap the benefits of America\u2019s antitrust laws.', u'The ', u' will say this month if it will take up the issue. But already, the case has brought to light the challenges of applying decades-old antitrust laws to today\u2019s global corporations and their often complex and far-flung supply chains.', u'\u201cTo a degree that didn\u2019t exist before, things are made everywhere,\u201d said William E. Kovacic, an antitrust expert at George Washington University Law School.', u'Mr. Kovacic, a former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission, said there was a \u201cnotable incoherence\u201d in the law and court rulings.', u'Warning of the business impact of legal uncertainty, the National Association of Manufacturers wrote a friend-of-the-court brief urging the Supreme Court to take the case. The group said it took no position on the criminal or civil cases. Instead, the trade association called for clarity.', u'\u201cCompanies,\u201d the brief states, \u201cneed to know where the legal lines are drawn in order to structure their transactions for goods intended for eventual import into the United States.\u201d', u'Richard A. Posner, a federal appeals court judge and a prominent legal theorist, wrote the opinion in the Motorola case. His opinions, law scholars note, are as much conceptual essays as legal documents \u2014 often debated, and never boring. His ruling in a smartphone patent case in 2012, for example, was a sweeping critique of the patent system, describing it as a system in \u201cchaos.\u201d', u'The Motorola case comes at time of change in the legal landscape, as many other countries are stepping up their antitrust enforcement programs and the Supreme Court generally seeks to restrain the reach of American antitrust laws abroad.', u'Yet the United States remains the venue of choice for plaintiffs to bring civil antitrust suits mainly because the rewards can be so lucrative. Unlike most other countries, American courts offer triple damage awards for successful plaintiffs, even if companies are able to pass along the higher prices they pay for price-fixed goods to consumers.', u'On that basis, Motorola is seeking a total award of $3.5 billion \u2014 a claim that the defendants say is exorbitantly inflated.', u'The problem for Motorola, according to Judge Posner, was how the company set up its corporate arrangements. Only 1 percent of the liquid-crystal display panels it bought from the cartel suppliers were shipped directly to Motorola in the United States for assembly in cellphones sold in the United States. Another 42 percent of the panels were shipped to Motorola foreign subsidiaries, mainly in China and Singapore, for cellphones assembled there and sold in the American market. The remaining 57 percent of the panels were bought by Motorola\u2019s foreign subsidiaries for cellphones assembled abroad and sold in markets outside the United States.', u'Motorola asserts that it operates as a \u201csingle enterprise,\u201d orchestrating its American and overseas operations to design and produce products globally. Judge Posner acknowledges that argument, but points out that corporations like Motorola, which are based in America but operate globally, rarely make the claim that their foreign subsidiaries are bound by all American laws.', u'Judge Posner said the overseas subsidiaries of companies like Motorola need not conform to American workplace safety or labor laws \u2014 and their subsidiaries could take advantage of low-tax regimes in foreign countries and avoid paying American corporate taxes. (In a court filing last year, Motorola said it repatriated the profits from its foreign subsidiaries in the five years covered by the cartel case.)', u'\u201cNo doubt,\u201d Judge Posner writes, \u201cMotorola thinks U.S. antitrust remedies more fearsome than those available to its foreign subsidiaries under foreign laws.\u201d', u'But, he adds later, \u201cMotorola can\u2019t just ignore its corporate structure whenever it\u2019s in its interests to do so. It can\u2019t pick and choose from the benefits and burdens of United States corporate citizenship.\u201d', u'Motorola, Judge Posner writes, was an \u201cindirect purchaser\u201d of the panels its foreign subsidiaries bought and used to assemble cellphones. Thus, he concludes, Motorola cannot bring a civil antitrust suit in the United States \u2014 even though many Motorola cellphones with price-fixed screens were sold in the American market and the Justice Department had a strong criminal case.', u'The Motorola side disputes Judge Posner\u2019s analysis. The judge, said Thomas C. Goldstein, counsel for Motorola, \u201cgot it wrong, and this is a superimportant issue.\u201d', u'Some antitrust experts question Judge Posner\u2019s ruling. The law he cited, the Foreign Trade Antitrust Improvements Act of 1982, was passed to ensure American exporters that the United States antitrust law would generally not follow them abroad. \u201cBut Motorola is an importer here, and the statute has been turned against them, which wasn\u2019t the intent of the law,\u201d said Harry First, a professor at the New York University School of Law. \u201cThe ruling is bizarre in that sense.\u201d', u'His colleague at the N.Y.U. law school, Eleanor M. Fox, said if the ruling in the civil case stands, it would be \u201ca retrogressive step for world antitrust enforcement, reducing deterrence and opening the door to more global cartels.\u201d', u'Still, it is unclear how much the Judge Posner ruling might affect the operations of companies and their global trading behavior.', u'Herbert Hovenkamp, an antitrust expert at the University of Iowa College of Law, says that while the underlying evidence in the criminal and civil cases is similar, the legal standards are different. And he sides with Justice Posner\u2019s opinion. \u201cBoth cases were rightly decided, in my view,\u201d he said.', u'Antitrust law, Mr. Hovenkamp suggests, has to be renewed and reinterpreted for a modern global economy, just as corporations must adapt and change. For proof of the latter, look no further than Motorola itself. In 2006, at the end of the five-year period covered in the cartel case, the company was riding high on the success of its sleek flip-style cellphone, the Razr. But Motorola lost its leadership in the smartphone era, which began with Apple\u2019s introduction of the iPhone in 2007. In 2012, Google bought the struggling company, and two years later sold it off to Lenovo of China.']), ([u'Boehner Urges U.S. Senate to Pass Surveillance Reform Bill'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives urged the U.S. Senate on Sunday to pass the USA Freedom Act, a bill that reforms an expiring domestic surveillance program, and do so "expeditiously."', u'House Speaker John Boehner issued a statement warning of the danger of letting the surveillance program expire shortly before the Senate began a rare Sunday session addressing how to deal with the issue.', u'"Al Qaeda, ISIL (Islamic State) and other terrorists around the globe continue to plot attacks on America and our allies," Boehner said. "Anyone who is satisfied with letting this critical intelligence capability go dark isn\'t taking the terrorist threat seriously," Boehner said in a statement.', u'Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell called the Senate back to Washington to deal with the expiration of three provisions of the ', u", including Section 215, used to justify the National Security Agency's collection of billions of Americans' telephone call records.", u'(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Peter Cooney and Eric Walsh)']), ([u'Senate to Let NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data was set to expire at midnight on Sunday after the U.S. Senate failed to pass legislation extending the powers.", u"After debate pitting Americans' distrust of intrusive government against fears of terrorist attacks, the Senate voted to move ahead with reform legislation that would replace the bulk phone records program revealed two years ago by former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor Edward Snowden.", u'It was a victory for Democratic President Barack Obama, who had pushed hard for Congress to advance the reform measure, calling it a compromise that addressed privacy concerns while preserving a program his administration describes as important to protect the country from attack.', u'But final Senate passage was delayed until at least Tuesday morning by objections from Senator Rand Paul, a libertarian Republican presidential hopeful who has fulminated against the NSA program as illegal and unconstitutional.', u"As a result, the government's collection and search of phone records was set to terminate at midnight when provisions of a post-Sept. 11, 2001, law known as the ", u' expire.', u'In addition, U.S. law enforcement and security agencies will lose authority to conduct three other programs.', u'Those allow for "roving wiretaps" aimed at terrorism suspects who use multiple disposable cell phones; permit authorities to target "lone wolf" suspects with no connection to specific terrorist groups, and make it easier to seize personal and business records of suspects and their associates.', u'Still, eventual resumption of the phone records program in another form, and the other government powers, appeared likely after the Senate voted 77-17 to take up the reform legislation, called the USA Freedom Act.', u'"This bill will ultimately pass," Paul acknowledged after the procedural vote.', u'The Senate abruptly reversed course during a rare Sunday session to let the bill go ahead, after Republican Majority Leader Mitch McConnell reluctantly acknowledged that Paul had stymied his efforts to extend the Patriot Act provisions.', u'Intelligence experts say a lapse of only a few days would have little immediate effect. The government is allowed to continue collecting information related to any foreign intelligence investigation that began before the deadline.', u'Obama strongly backed the Freedom Act, as have most Democrats. It passed the House on May 13 by a 338-88 vote.', u'After the Senate adjourned, the White House issued a statement calling on the Senate to "put aside partisan motivations and act swiftly."', u"'DEMAGOGUERY AND DISINFORMATION'", u'Republicans have been badly divided, delaying action on the issue, between security hawks who wanted the NSA program to continue as is, and libertarians like Paul who want to kill it altogether.', u'The Senate debate was angry.', u'In an emotional speech, Paul said the Patriot Act provisions wasted resources that would be better spent targeting those planning attacks. He even accused some of his critics of wanting an attack on the United States "so they can blame it on me."', u'McConnell accused Paul, his fellow Kentucky Republican, and other Patriot Act opponents of waging "a campaign of demagoguery and disinformation" based on revelations from Snowden "who was last seen in Russia."', u'McConnell has endorsed Paul for president. But he wanted to extend the Patriot Act provisions, unchanged, for five years, and agreed only reluctantly to allow a vote on the Freedom Act despite what he called its "serious flaws."', u'Several senators accused Paul of using the issue to raise money for his presidential campaign.', u'"He obviously has a higher priority for his fundraising and political ambitions than for the security of the nation," Senator John McCain, the 2008 Republican presidential nominee, told reporters.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The Senate came back early from a holiday to resume consideration of the legislation at 4 p.m. EDT on Sunday, just as security officials said they had to begin shutting down the NSA program to meet the midnight deadline.', u'The Freedom Act would end the spy agencies\' bulk collection of domestic telephone "metadata" and replace it with a more targeted system.', u'The telephone records would be held by telecommunications companies, not the government, and the NSA would have to get court approval to gain access to specific data. Neither the current or proposed new system gives the government access to the content of phone conversations.', u'Many civil liberties groups feel the Freedom Act does not go  far enough in protecting privacy.', u'"Congress should take advantage of this sunset to pass far reaching surveillance reform, instead of the weak bill currently under consideration," Michael Macleod-Ball, acting director of the American Civil Liberties Union\'s Washington Legislative Office, said in a statement.', u'A review panel that Obama established in 2013 concluded that the telephone metadata collection program had not been essential to preventing any terrorist attack. Security officials counter that it provides important data that, combined with other intelligence, can help stop attacks.', u'(Additional reporting by Douwe Miedema and Bill Trott; Editing by Eric Walsh and Sandra Maler)']), ([u'A $100,000 Check Awaits Mystery Recycler of Rare Apple 1 Computer'], [u'(Reuters) - A $100,000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm.', u'CleanBayArea in Milpitas, California, is trying to track down a woman in her 60s who dropped off some electronic goods in April, when she was cleaning out the garage after her husband died.', u'In one of the boxes, buried under worthless keyboards, personal computer pieces and wires, was a 1976 Apple 1, a groundbreaking home computer. Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak designed and hand-built the computers and sold them for $666.66 each. Only a few dozen are known still to exist.', u'The recycling firm sold the Apple for $200,000 in a private auction. Its policy is to split the proceeds 50-50 with the person who donated the equipment.', u'"The body was made out of wood. I\'ve never seen anything like that. My first reaction was it was a fake. Then we started looking at it," said Victor Gichun, vice president of marketing for CleanBayArea.', u"Gichun declined to say who bought the Apple 1, only that it was a private collector. He's not sure whether the Apple is still operational.", u'He said he will recognize the woman, who he believes is local, when he sees her and will write her out a check for $100,000.', u"The boxes sat in the company's warehouse on a pallet for a couple of weeks because they didn't expect to find anything valuable, Gichun said.", u'(Reporting by Fiona Ortiz in Chicago; Editing by Rosalind Russell and Digby Lidstone)']), ([u'Downloading Mac App Updated Automatically'], [u' Does the Mac automatically install updates to programs from the Mac Store, or just OS X Yosemite system patches?', u' Along with OS X system updates, you can ', u' it finds during its daily check-in with ', u'\u2019s servers. If you are not sure what your Mac is set to do, open the System Preferences icon from the Dock, or go to the Apple Menu in the upper-left corner of the menu bar and select System Preferences.', u'In the System Preferences box, click the App Store icon. In the box that appears, you can turn on (or off) the check boxes to automatically check for updates and download those files in the background when your computer is connected to the Internet. Note that especially large updates from Apple can bog down your connection if your broadband plan is on the slower side. (If your surfing speed seems balky, a hefty OS X update may be downloading behind the scenes.)', u'In addition to installing Mac Store app updates and OS X patches, you also have the option of ', u'. (These are usually what Apple pushes out quickly to protect the operating system from Internet threats.) If you have multiple Macs around the house, the App Store preferences also give you the option to automatically download the applications purchased on the other computers with the same Apple ID.', u'To turn on ', u' purchased on other Mac or Windows PCs with the same Apple ID, open the iTunes program. Press the Command and comma keys on the Mac (or the Control and comma keys on the PC version) to open the iTunes Preferences box. In the box, click the Store tab and under Automatic Downloads, turn on the check boxes next to the type of content you wish to download to the machine.', u' I am switching from DSL to a cable modem. Can I use the same router I bought to use for my wireless network with DSL broadband with the cable modem?', u'. If you have been using a router you bought yourself \u2014 like a Netgear model or an Apple AirPort Express \u2014 you should be able to unplug it from the DSL modem and use it with the new cable modem. Depending on how you set up your network with the old modem, you may have to adjust the router\u2019s settings (like ', u') to get it to work with the cable modem.', u'Your results may vary with the hardware, but routers supplied from your old ISP for use with your DSL service may be more problematic to switch over and reuse. Check with your cable company about compatibility.', u'The cable provider may have different types of equipment to lease or sell you, and some may be ', u'. Some providers now charge a monthly rental fee for the cable modem itself. If you do not wish to lease the modem, you can usually buy your own and connect it, as long as the model you choose is ', u'. Your Internet service provider should have a list of approved modems posted in the technical-support area of its site.']), ([u'Rollback of U.S. Spy Powers Would Mark Post-9/11 Watershed'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  At 3:59 p.m. EDT on Sunday, the National Security Agency and telecommunications companies will begin mothballing a once-secret system that collected Americans' bulk telephone records, shutting down computers and sealing off warehouses of digital data.", u'If the U.S. Congress fails to act, key provisions of the ', u' will lapse in a watershed moment in the post-Sept. 11, 2001, era. Intrusive government powers, created and wielded in the name of preventing another mass-casualty terrorist attack, would be at least partly scaled back, proponents and critics of the surveillance say.', u"The Federal Bureau of Investigation, for instance, will no longer be able to employ 'roving wiretaps' aimed at terrorism suspects who use multiple disposable cell phones, and will have more difficulty seizing such suspects' and their associates' personal and business records.", u'"We\'re past the immediate aftermath of the 9/11 attack. And we can look at these issues more calmly," said Peter Swire, who served on a review panel appointed by President Barack Obama after former contractor Edward Snowden\'s 2013 revelations of vast NSA surveillance.', u'With the clock ticking, a coalition of Senate Republican libertarians and security hawks has blocked action on new legislation known as the USA Freedom Act that would reform the bulk telephone data program but not kill it.', u'Libertarians want the program ended altogether, while the hawks argue it should be maintained as it is now.', u'Senator Rand Paul, who last week used a long speech to target the extension, on Saturday said he would block it again.', u'"Tomorrow, I will force the expiration of the NSA illegal spy program," the Kentucky Republican said in a statement.', u'Currently, telecom providers are legally required to send phone records to the government. The USA Freedom Act would require private firms to hold the data, which the NSA could search with court authorization.', u"The U.S. Senate is scheduled to hold a special session to consider the legislation at 4 p.m. (2000 GMT) on Sunday, just as security officials say they have to begin shutting the NSA program down to meet a midnight (0400 GMT) deadline. The USA Freedom Act already has passed the House of Representatives and has Obama's strong support.", u"It is unclear if supporters of the Freedom Act can get the 60 votes needed in the Senate to move forward. A previous attempt on May 23 fell short, 57-42, but the bill's backers have been pushing hard to win over three more senators.", u'How badly U.S. counter-terrorism efforts would be disrupted by even a temporary suspension of the telephone data collection and other legal authorities is disputed.', u"The Obama administration is issuing increasingly dire warnings, sometimes citing Islamic State's calls on its supporters to conduct attacks wherever they live.", u'"The intelligence community will lose important capabilities," Director of National Intelligence James Clapper said in a statement. "Prompt passage of the USA Freedom Act by the Senate is the best way to minimize any possible disruption of our ability to protect the American people."', u'But many experts and civil liberties advocates say that U.S. intelligence and law enforcement authorities have other powerful, and less objectionable, tools to investigate and prosecute militant plots. Those include court orders, subpoenas and other forms of electronic surveillance.', u'"The government still has expansive ... law enforcement tools that will remain in place," said Anthony Romero, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union.', u'Groups as diverse as the left-leaning ACLU and the conservative Tea Party Patriots argue the telephone data program is unconstitutionally broad, targeting the communications of millions of innocent Americans.', u'This month, a federal appeals court ruled the program was illegal, going beyond what the Patriot Act authorized. The court declined to halt the program, saying it would give Congress a chance to act.', u'"COLLECTING THE DOTS"', u"The bulk telephone records program, first exposed to journalists by Snowden, collects metadata, which is data that provides information about other data, about U.S. citizens' phone calls. This includes the number dialed and time and length of the call but not its content.", u'Senior U.S. officials have said the surveillance fills a critical gap, determining whether a militant overseas is communicating with someone inside the United States.', u'Swire, a privacy and cyber security expert and a professor of law and ethics at the Georgia Institute of Technology, said the panel he served on "looked at the classified file and concluded that telephone metadata had not been essential to preventing any attack."', u'Current and former U.S. intelligence officials say that is the wrong yardstick to use.', u'"Very seldom do we have one (single) piece of information" that prevents a terrorist attack, said Richard Schaeffer, a former top NSA official. "It is literally collecting the dots" and piecing them together, he said.', u'Current U.S. officials seem even more chagrined about losing other powers that could expire at midnight Sunday. Those, they argue, were never controversial but have been caught up in the backlash against government intrusion.', u'One, known as the "lone wolf" provision, allows the FBI to seek a wiretap on an individual suspected of terrorist activity, even if the person cannot be linked to a specific group. Law enforcement officials have never used that power.', u'But, a senior U.S. official said, "this is not a tool that we want to see go away."', u"The provision giving the FBI expanded powers to seek a terrorism suspect's records such as hotel stays and car rentals is used about 200 times per year, officials said.", u"The roving wiretap provision, in which a court authorizes tapping an individual's communications regardless of the device used, rather than a specific phone number, has been used most commonly in law enforcement rather than terrorism cases, said Stewart Baker, a former top Homeland Security official.", u'"But it\'s not an authority we would want to lose," he said.', u'(Additional reporting by Patricia Zengerle and Richard Cowan; Editing by Leslie Adler and James Dalgleish)']), ([u'U.S. to Bring Japan Under Its Cyber Defense Umbrella'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  The United States will extend its cyber defense umbrella over Japan, helping its Asian ally cope with the growing threat of online attacks against military bases and infrastructure such as power grids, the two nations said in a joint statement on Saturday.', u'"We note a growing level of sophistication among malicious cyber actors, including non-state and state-sponsored actors," they said in a statement released by the U.S.-Japan Cyber Defense Policy Working Group, which was established in 2013.', u"Cybersecurity is a key area where Japan and the United States are deepening their military partnership under a set of new security guidelines released in April, that will also integrate their ballistic missile defense systems and give Tokyo a bigger security role in Asia as China's military power grows.\xa0", u'Both the United States and Japan are wary of cyber threats, including potential attacks from China or North Korea. While the United States is investing heavily in building a force to counter and retaliate against online attacks, Japan, which hosts the biggest U.S. military contingent in Asia, has been slower to buttress its cyber defenses.', u"The Japanese military's cyber defense unit has around 90 members, compared to more than 6,000 people at the Pentagon, a Japanese Defense Ministry official said at a briefing on Thursday.", u'Japan is trying to catch up as it prepares to host the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo and with cyber attacks on the rise. Assaults on government websites are now being detected ever few seconds, according to Japanese cyber defense experts.', u'In the statement on Saturday, Japan\'s defense ministry pledged to "contribute to join "efforts for addressing various cyber threats, including those against Japanese critical infrastructure and services utilized by the Japan Self-Defense Forces and U.S. Forces."', u'U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter, who met his Japanese counterpart Gen Nakatani at the Shangri-La Dialogue in Singapore on Saturday, unveiled a more muscular military cyber strategy in April that stressed an ability to retaliate with cyber weapons.', u'That strengthened deterrence comes in the wake of high-profile attacks against corporations including the hacking of Sony Pictures Entertainment last year, which the U.S. blamed on North Korea.', u"China's Defense Ministry expressed concern about the new strategy saying it would worsen tension over Internet security. China is frequently accused by the U.S. of being engaged in widespread hacking attacks, charges Beijing denies.", u'(Reporting by Tim Kelly; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)']), ([u'Windshield Devices Bring Distracted Driving Debate to Eye Level  '], [u'In a widely watched YouTube ', u', a man is driving around Los Angeles when his phone rings. On a small screen mounted on the dashboard, an image of the caller, the man\u2019s mother, appears.', u'But there\u2019s an optical twist: The image actually looks to the driver as if it\u2019s floating just at the front edge of the car, right above the roadway. The man answers the call with a gesture of his hand.', u'\u201cHi,\u201d his mother says over the car speakers. \u201cI just wanted to say I love you.\u201d', u'\u201cI love you,\u201d the man responds, and then, before signing off, \u201cI\u2019m making a video right now.\u201d', u'That video \u2014 the one posted on YouTube \u2014 was a promotion commissioned by Navdy, one of a handful of start-up companies bringing a futuristic spin to the debate over distracted driving, and how to curb it. The devices project driving information and data streamed from a smartphone into a driver\u2019s field of view. There are several versions of this nascent technology, but they generally work by using a projection device that wirelessly picks up information from the phone and uses sophisticated optics to allow the information \u2014 maps, speed, incoming texts, caller identification and even social media notifications \u2014 to hover above the dashboard. ', u' or voice commands allow drivers to answer a call or hang up.', u'This technology is in its infancy. Navdy\u2019s device isn\u2019t shipping until later this year, and it\u2019s not clear if it will work as seamlessly as presented in the video when used in less perfect real-life conditions. But, broadly speaking, the Navdy device falls into a booming category of in-car gadgetry that might be fairly categorized as \u201cyou can have your cake and eat it too.\u201d Drive, get texts, talk on the phone, even interact on social media, and do it all without compromising safety, according to various makers of the so-called head-up displays, repeating a position taken by a growing number of automakers who sell monitors set into the dashboard or mounted on it. Some carmakers also display basic driving information, like speed and turn-by-turn directions, within a specialized windshield so a driver can remain looking ahead and not down at the instrument panel.', u' with Android Auto and ', u', have also leapt into the evolving business. Each allows phones to be plugged into a car\u2019s USB port so that information streams to a monitor set into the dashboard. IHS Automotive, a company that analyzes car industry trends, ', u' many automakers to integrate these systems. IHS consumer surveys indicate drivers want systems that provide maps, music, news and social connection.', u'These emerging display devices have become part of a debate over whether technology can provide safer ways for people to multitask while driving. Safety advocates argue that technologies that try to minimize the dangers of multitasking are based on the false premise that drivers can safely attend to the road while juggling social communication \u2014 and are, in turn, encouraging a risky behavior.', u'The argument on the other side boils down to a simple notion: Drivers are going to do it anyway, so why not minimize the riskiest kinds of multitasking, like looking down at the phone or handling it?', u'People use their phones too compulsively to expect them to stop, said Nagraj Kashyap, senior vice president for ventures and innovation at Qualcomm Ventures, an investing arm of the telecom giant, which recently injected $3 million into Navdy. \u201cTo completely eliminate it is a pipe dream,\u201d Mr. Kashyap said of motorist multitasking. \u201cThe best way to handle it is to make it as safe as you can.\u201d', u'The federal government has issued nonbinding guidelines that govern car \u201cinfotainment systems,\u201d and one of its main messages is that performing certain nondriving tasks interferes inherently with a driver\u2019s safety. Experts in the science of attention say that some of the new head-up displays may be raising risks that are so plain that you don\u2019t need to be a driver\u2019s mother to appreciate them.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a horrible idea,\u201d said Paul Atchley, a psychologist at the University of Kansas who studies driver distraction. Attending to the road is much more complex than having your head turned toward it, he said. \u201cThe technology is driven by a false assumption that seeing requires nothing more than having the eyes fixed on the right spot.\u201d', u'Navdy, which is based in San Francisco, has raised $26.8 million, said Doug Simpson, the company\u2019s founder and chief executive. Mr. Simpson is a computer scientist who spent 10 years at Hewlett-Packard. Even though the company\u2019s $299 device isn\u2019t shipping until later this year, it has already received $6 million in preorders, Mr. Simpson said.', u'Mr. Simpson said he got the idea for the device during a trip to Bangkok. Like many visitors, he was trying to figure out a map on his phone while driving on unfamiliar streets. He narrowly escaped rear-ending another car.', u'It\u2019s not surprising that Mr. Simpson\u2019s aha moment started with navigation. Maps, driving directions and other driving-focused information are important features of many of these products, the idea being that any task that relates to driving should be done as safely as possible. Part of what has created an opening for products like Navdy is a sentiment among many consumers that the navigation and touch-screen systems built into many cars are wonky, and research shows that voice command systems can be so inaccurate that they create distraction.', u'At the same time, though, the developers of head-up displays also are making a major selling point of aiding motorists with tasks that have nothing to do with driving.', u'The Navdy device is roughly the shape and size of a hand-held CD player and mounts on the dashboard. From its top unfolds a small transparent screen through which information streamed from the phone is projected: speed, map information and notifications of incoming calls and texts that include the identity of the sender, but not the text itself. To answer a call, the driver swipes a hand in the air, or slides it across the steering wheel, a gesture picked up by the dashboard device in somewhat the same way a Nintendo Wii console works.', u'The image will look to the driver a bit like a hologram floating about five and a half feet in front of the windshield, Mr. Simpson said, roughly where the front of the car meets the road. \u201cIt\u2019s safer than looking down at the dashboard or at an image on your phone,\u201d he added.', u'In the YouTube video commissioned by Navdy, the driver (who owns the company that made the video), says the technology is \u201cjust like what commercial airline pilots use when they\u2019re landing.\u201d He adds: \u201cYou hear that? Pilots use it. It\u2019s safe.\u201d', u'\u201cNot true,\u201d countered Christopher Wickens, a professor at Colorado State University and one of the leading experts in the country in safe use of head-up displays for transportation. Dr. Wickens said that the head-up displays used by airplanes show only information critical to flying, like an outline of the runway or the horizon, and crucially, that information is often displayed as a visual overlay with the actual runway or horizon. By contrast, a head-up display in the car that gives nondriving information that is out of alignment with the road \u201cis the worst of two worlds,\u201d Dr. Wickens said. \u201cIt is clutter, contributing to potential failure and distraction contributing to potential failure.\u201d', u'He said that when the information projected is related to driving and made simple \u2014 like speed or a navigation arrow \u2014 it appears from his research to provide a modest safety advantage. But the social information \u201ccounteracts, takes away\u201d any small benefit the driver might get from driving information that is properly aligned.', u'Another company seeking to draw the airline parallel is WayRay, which has its headquarters in Switzerland. It plans to start selling a device that displays data that is not just in the driver\u2019s line of sight but, the company said, appears to the driver to be at a distance from 32 feet all the way to the horizon. The company has $6 million in funding, mostly from Russian investors, and it expects to close on another round from Silicon Valley venture capitalists by the end of June, said Vitaly Ponomarev, the company\u2019s founder and chief executive.', u'He said the emphasis was on driving information, while social media applications are available at slow speeds. \u201cWhen the vehicle speed is less than 10 miles an hour, we open an additional channel, our \u2018infotainment\u2019 channel,\u201d Mr. Ponomarev said. \u201cWe can push information from any applications \u2014 Instagram, Facebook, Twitter.\u201d', u'He said the information appears slightly to the side so as not to interfere with driving and will be streamlined: \u201cPlain information, plain text, nothing flashing that distracts.\u201d', u'But neuroscientists and safety advocates said any visual clutter disturbs focus by presenting a cognitive distraction, meaning that the images take the mind off the road. Such distraction makes it extremely difficult for a driver to respond to a sudden threat.', u'There is another concern: Head-up technology focused on social media and communication creates the risk of normalizing the behavior of multitasking, \u201cas if we\u2019re telling people it\u2019s O.K. to do it,\u201d said Deborah Hersman, the chief executive of the National Safety Council, a nonprofit.', u'Ms. Hersman was formerly the chairwoman of the National Transportation Safety Board, where she was involved in the regulation of head-up displays for airlines. That technology, she said, was permitted after extensive testing on the safest practices, but, she explained, \u201cthe same isn\u2019t true for cars.\u201d', u'\u201cTech and innovation in the auto industry are moving so much faster than the regulators can keep up with it,\u201d she said. The Department of Transportation has sponsored research at the Virginia Tech Transportation Institute into whether the safety benefit of having head-up displays in cars outweighs the risk of distraction; that study is expected to conclude in 2016.', u'Another take on the fledgling technology comes from a Vancouver, British Columbia, start-up called DD Technologies \u2014 started by two entrepreneurs who said they were inspired to build a head-up display after watching an \u201cIron Man\u201d movie. The company\u2019s display, ', u', which should soon be available in limited quantities, allows drivers to read the contents of a text. But the entrepreneurs say they\u2019re not encouraging the behavior \u2014 well, not exactly.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re not saying you should be texting and driving,\u201d said the company\u2019s co-founder Dino Mariutti. \u201cWe\u2019re saying you should make it safer.\u201d']), ([u'Cypress Ups ISSI Buyout Offer to $20.25 Per Share, Beats Uphill Deal'], [u"(Reuters) - Cypress Semiconductor Corp raised its offer to buy Integrated Silicon Solution Inc to $20.25 per share, beating Uphill Investment Co's increased offer made earlier on Friday.", u'The offer is the latest step in a battle to acquire ISSI.', u'Uphill had raised its original offer to $20 per share from $19.25, to which ISSI had agreed.', u'That bid came after ISSI had announced it received an offer from Cypress earlier this month for $19.75 per share.', u"Cypress, in a letter to ISSI's board, said it looks to compete better with full service global memory chip manufacturers following the deal.", u'ISSI had originally agreed in March agreed to be acquired by a Chinese consortium led by Summitview Capital for $19.25 per share.', u"ISSI's shares closed at $20.52 share on the Nasdaq on Friday.", u'(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u'TCV Seeks to Sell Stake in Marketing Firm Merkle: Sources'], [u'(Reuters) - Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV) is exploring a sale of its minority stake in Merkle Inc, in a deal that could value the fast-growing marketing technology company at more than $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.', u'Boutique advisory firm Evercore Partners Inc has been hired to assist on the sale, the people said this week, asking not to be named because the matter is private.', u'Merkle has around $80 million in annual earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization, the people added.', u"The exact size of TCV's stake in Merkle could not be learned, but two of the people said it accounted for more than a quarter of the company's equity. Merkle's management has owned most of the company since 1988.", u'A spokesman for TCV, a late-stage venture capital firm, declined to comment. Merkle and Evercore did not respond to requests for comment.', u"Columbia, Maryland-based Merkle consults companies on how to reach their customers better through digital strategy, measuring marketing data and providing customer insights. It counts Dell Inc, GEICO, DirecTV, Google Inc, Microsoft Corp, Nestle's Nespresso and Hearst among some of its clients.", u'Merkle recorded $382 million in revenue last year, up from $315 million in 2013, according to its website. Chief Executive David Williams told the publication Advertising Age in April that the company is aiming to generate $500 million in revenue this year.', u'TCV invested $75 million in Merkle in 2010, according to a filing at the time.', u'(Reporting by Liana B. Baker and Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'Exclusive: U.S. Tried Stuxnet-Style Campaign Against North Korea but Failed-Sources'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The United States tried to deploy a version of the Stuxnet computer virus to attack North Korea's nuclear weapons program five years ago but ultimately failed, according to people familiar with the covert campaign.", u"The operation began in tandem with the now-famous Stuxnet attack that sabotaged Iran's nuclear program in 2009 and 2010 by destroying a thousand or more centrifuges that were enriching uranium. Reuters and others have reported that the Iran attack was a joint effort by U.S. and Israeli forces.", u"According to one U.S. intelligence source, Stuxnet's developers produced a related virus that would be activated when it encountered Korean-language settings on an infected machine.", u"But U.S. agents could not access the core machines that ran Pyongyang's ", u' program, said another source, a former high-ranking intelligence official who was briefed on the program.', u"The official said the National Security Agency-led campaign was stymied by North Korea's utter secrecy, as well as the extreme isolation of its communications systems. A third source, also previously with U.S. intelligence, said he had heard about the failed cyber attack but did not know details.", u'North Korea has some of the most isolated communications networks in the world. Just owning a computer requires police permission, and the open Internet is unknown except to a tiny elite.\xa0The country has\xa0one main conduit for Internet connections\xa0to the outside world, through China.', u'In contrast, Iranians surfed the Net broadly and had interactions with companies from around the globe.', u'A spokeswoman for the NSA declined to comment for this story. The spy agency has previously declined to comment on the Stuxnet attack against Iran.', u'The United States has launched many cyber espionage campaigns, but North Korea is only the second country, after Iran, that the NSA is now known to have targeted with software designed to destroy equipment.', u"Washington has long expressed concerns about Pyongyang's nuclear program, which it says breaches international agreements. North Korea has been hit with sanctions because of its nuclear and missile tests, moves that Pyongyang sees as an attack on its sovereign right to defend itself.", u'U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said last week that Washington and Beijing were discussing imposing further sanctions on North Korea, which he said was "not even close" to taking steps to end its nuclear program.', u'SIEMENS SOFTWARE', u"Experts in nuclear programs said there are similarities between North Korea and Iran's operations, and the two countries continue to collaborate on military technology.", u"Both countries use a system with P-2 centrifuges, obtained by Pakistani nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan, who is regarded as the father of Islamabad's nuclear bomb, they said.", u"Like Iran, North Korea probably directs its centrifuges with control software developed by Siemens AG that runs on Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system, the experts  said. Stuxnet took advantage of vulnerabilities in both the Siemens and Microsoft programs.", u"Because of the overlap between North Korea and Iran's nuclear programs, the NSA would not have had to tinker much with Stuxnet to make it capable of destroying centrifuges in North Korea, if it could be deployed there.", u'Despite modest differences between the programs, "Stuxnet can deal with both of them. But you still need to get it in," said Olli Heinonen, senior fellow at Harvard University\'s Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs and former deputy director general of the International Atomic Energy Agency.', u'NSA Director Keith Alexander said North Korea\'s strict limitations on Internet access and human travel make it one of a few nations "who can race out and do damage with relative impunity" since reprisals in cyberspace are so challenging.', u'When asked about Stuxnet, Alexander said he could not comment on any offensive actions taken during his time at the spy agency.', u"David Albright, founder of the Institute for Science and International Security and an authority on North Korea's nuclear program, said U.S. cyber agents probably tried to get to North Korea by compromising technology suppliers from Iran, Pakistan or China.", u'"There was likely an attempt" to sabotage the North Korean program with software, said Albright, who has frequently written and testified on the country\'s nuclear ambitions.', u'OLYMPIC GAMES', u'The Stuxnet campaign against Iran, code-named Olympic Games, was discovered in 2010. It remains unclear how the virus was introduced to the Iranian nuclear facility in Natanz, which was not connected to the Internet.', u"According to cybersecurity experts, Stuxnet was found inside industrial companies in Iran that were tied to the nuclear effort. As for how Stuxnet got there, a leading theory is that it was deposited by a sophisticated espionage program developed by a team closely allied to Stuxnet's authors, dubbed the Equation Group by researchers at Kaspersky Lab.", u'The U.S. effort got that far in North Korea as well. Though no versions of Stuxnet have been reported as being discovered in local computers, Kaspersky Lab analyst Costin Raiu said that a piece of software related to Stuxnet had turned up in North Korea.', u'Kaspersky had previously reported that the software, digitally signed with one of the same stolen certificates that had been used to install Stuxnet, had been submitted to malware analysis site VirusTotal from an electronic address in China. But Raiu told Reuters his contacts had assured him that it originated in North Korea, where it infected a computer in March or April 2010.', u"Some experts said that even if a Stuxnet attack against North Korea had succeeded, it might not have had that big an impact on its nuclear weapons program. Iran's nuclear sites were well known, whereas North Korea probably has at least one other facility beyond the known Yongbyon nuclear complex, former officials and inspectors said.", u'In addition, North Korea likely has plutonium, which does not require a cumbersome enrichment process depending on the cascading centrifuges that were a fat target for Stuxnet, they said.', u'Jim Lewis, an advisor to the U.S. government on cybersecurity issues and a senior fellow at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said there are limitations to cyber offense.', u'A cyber attack "is not something you can release and be sure of the results," Lewis said.', u'(Editing by Tiffany Wu)']), ([u'Exclusive: FCC Leans Against New Limits for Verizon, AT&T in 2016 U.S. Auction'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile US Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the matter.', u"Such a decision, which could be finalized in coming weeks, would end months of speculation and vigorous lobbying by the nation's No. 4 cellular operator, which wants the Federal Communications Commission to further limit how much spectrum dominant U.S. carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc can buy in the auction.", u"The FCC voted last year to restrict the participation of Verizon and AT&T in the 2016 spectrum sale by reserving a piece of each market's airwaves for non-dominant carriers, but not to the extent sought by T-Mobile.", u"The vote was something of a compromise among the FCC's Democrats, who wanted to give smaller carriers a leg up but also to ensure that restrictions on the big carriers would not cut the proceeds of the auction, expected to be the agency's largest.", u"Though no recommendation has yet been prepared and the deliberations could still shift, the FCC staff's current thinking is that an adequate amount of spectrum has already been set aside for smaller carriers, according to the people familiar with the matter.     Regardless, FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, often the FCC's swing vote in the three-member Democratic majority, appears disinclined to revisit the current plan, those and other people also said. All sources spoke anonymously because the matter is not yet public.", u'FCC spokesman Neil Grace said the FCC staff are working on various auction-related matters: "At this time, that preparatory work is active, remains ongoing, and no decisions have been made."', u'For its part, T-Mobile is confident that the FCC "will do the right thing by consumers in this auction and make sure AT&T and Verizon don\'t further consolidate their control over wireless access to the Internet," Andy Levin, T-Mobile\'s senior vice president of government affairs, said in a statement.', u'The auction will be a landmark one for the U.S. wireless industry as it will give participants their first chance since 2008 to buy low-frequency airwaves, highly prized for their ability to carry heavy data over long distances and through obstacles such as buildings.', u'That capability makes them particularly attractive for companies trying to satisfy growing consumer demand for data-guzzling devices and applications.', u"Last year's FCC vote largely limits Verizon and AT&T, which the telecoms watchdog estimates control almost two-thirds of the low-band spectrum across the country. The resulting rules reserve up to 30 megahertz, or less than half, of the spectrum in each market for non-nationwide carriers or companies with less than one-third of low-band spectrum there, such as Sprint Corp and T-Mobile.", u'T-Mobile, in a recently formed coalition with Sprint, Dish Network Corp and advocacy and trade groups, has been pushing the FCC to raise that reserve to 40 megahertz, or at least half of the spectrum, arguing that larger blocks of frequencies are critical for them to compete with bigger rivals.', u"Cable broadband company Charter Communications Inc has made a similar request to the coalition's, according to a regulatory filing disclosed this week. AT&T and Verizon have fought against the proposed change.", u"Another FCC airwave auction in January raised more than $40 billion, setting a record and showcasing the wireless industry's hunger for spectrum. That auction surprised investors with a strong showing by Dish, whose partners scooped up $13 billion worth of spectrum.", u'AT&T and Verizon spent the most in the sale, more than $18 billion and $10 billion, respectively.', u"Dish and T-Mobile have both pledged to participate in next year's auction; however, Sprint's Chief Financial Officer Joe Euteneuer earlier this month indicated that the company may decide to skip it, according to reports from a J.P. Morgan industry conference.", u'(This version of the story was refiled to add dropped letter in "Euteneuer" in last paragraph of story originally published on Thursday)', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Christian Plumb)']), ([u'Apple Buys German Augmented-Reality Software Maker Metaio'], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  Apple Inc has acquired Metaio, a German company whose technology melds real-world imagery and computer-generated elements into moving video presentations, according to a corporate filing.', u'The terms were not disclosed.', u"Metaio's previous investors included Westcott LLC, the investment vehicle of entrepreneur Carl Westcott, the founder of floral delivery firm 1-800-Flowers, and Atlantic Bridge, a Silicon Valley-based growth equity technology fund.", u"A document filed with a Munich court showed that Apple is now the company's sole shareholder.", u"Metaio's augmented-reality software is used in applications in retail, industrial and automotive markets.", u'Metaio technology is used to create virtual product showrooms and by retailers such as IKEA [IKEA.UL]. It has also created visual manuals for repairing complex industrial or automotive equipment.', u'Augmented reality is software that overlays text or graphics on real-life images and objects, typically in video. The result can be viewed on TV displays, smartphones, tablets or dedicated eye-goggles. It differs from virtual reality, which replaces real-world views with more or less completely simulated ones.', u"Steffen Sorrell, an analyst with technology market research firm Juniper Research, said Apple, which builds custom computer chips it uses in a range of products, could incorporate Metaio's intellectual property to differentiate its products.", u'This could give Apple a jump on rivals who are working to develop augmented reality semiconductors but remain at least 18 to 24 months away from delivery, the analyst said.', u'This technology was co-developed with ST-Ericsson, the former joint venture between mobile network equipment maker Ericsson and chipmaker STMicroelectronics.', u"Potential applications using Metaio's low-power consumption technology could include mobile handsets and or smart-glasses, Sorrell speculated. In mobile phones, the Apple-Metaio combination could pose a challenge to current market leader Qualcomm, which owns augmented reality maker Vuforia.", u'Metaio executives didn\'t respond to requests for comment and Apple issued a statement but provided no details. "Apple buys smaller technology companies from time to time, and we generally do not comment on our purpose or plans," the statement said.', u'Westcott and Atlantic Bridge were not immediately available to comment.', u'The roots of Munich-based Metaio go back to German carmaker Volkswagen, where Thomas Alt, its co-founder and chief executive, began developing augmented-reality applications in 2000.', u"Jupiter estimates that augmented-reality technology used in enterprises will increase tenfold to $2.4 billion from $247 million last year. Other companies in the emerging field include France's Total Immersion and UK-based Blippar, which last year bought Layar from the Netherlands.", u'(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Larry King and Susan Thomas)']), ([u'Vodafone, Wind Sign Letter of Intent for Italy Fiber-Optic Network'], [u"MILAN \u2014  Britain's Vodafone and Vimpelcom's Italian mobile phone unit Wind have signed a letter of intent with shareholders of broadband firm Metroweb to build a fiber-optic network in Italy, the companies said in a joint statement.", u"The agreement comes as Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is pushing to upgrade the country's aging phone infrastructure in a 12-billion-euro ($13 billion) plan he considers vital to modernize the economy.", u'Rome sees Metroweb, which is partly owned by the state and has attracted takeover interest from former phone monopoly Telecom Italia, as a building block for the multi-billion-euro plan.', u'In the statement on Friday the companies said the project was open to other operators and investors ready to pursue the goals set by the government. A decree detailing the broadband plan is expected in the coming days.', u"Telecom Italia had proposed a gradual take-over of Metroweb. But its proposal was rejected by the company's state owners who favor opening up the capital of Metroweb to all operators.", u'If the letter of intent leads to a deal, this would put pressure on Telecom Italia, which is going ahead with its own investment plan to upgrade its copper network and bring faster Internet connections to Italian consumers.', u'The statement on Friday did not mention any timeframe for any agreement nor the size of the possible joint investment.', u'(Reporting by Danilo Masoni; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'Airbus Group Starts $150 Million Venture Fund, Silicon Valley Base'], [u'PARIS \u2014  Airbus Group announced the creation of a $150 million venture capital fund and said it had hired a Google executive to run a new center in Silicon Valley as it seeks to wave a digital wand over its heavy-manufacturing culture.', u'The planemaker said on Friday that Airbus Group Ventures would invest in "disruptive and innovative" technologies worldwide. It will be headed by Tim Dombrowski, 54, formerly a partner at venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz.', u'The European group also said it had recruited Google executive and former U.S. aeronautics researcher Paul Eremenko, 35, to run an innovation center in Silicon Valley.', u"Airbus Group Chief Executive Tom Enders announced the center's creation on Wednesday, saying it would provide promising avenues for technology it might otherwise miss.", u"It is the latest evidence of efforts by planemakers to woo technologists as potential partners and comes weeks after Enders took the company's top management team to California to see what lessons could be learned from the digital revolution.", u'Enders was quoted as saying after a previous visit to Silicon Valley last year that the aerospace industry must work more closely with high-tech companies - some of which, like Google, are encroaching on its turf through drone projects.', u'Boeing\'s Chief Executive Jim McNerney said last year it wanted it to be more like Apple in the way it innovates, rather than doing a "moonshot" development every 25 years.', u'Both planemakers have talked of the need to introduce improvements more quickly, without waiting for all-new plane developments that take years and cost around $15 billion.', u'Though the highly safety-regulated and capital-intensive aerospace industry will always be conservative about the major bets that drive plane developments, Enders wants Airbus to learn to act "more quickly and with more courage", an aide said.', u'Aerospace companies say they are increasingly thinking about software rather than hardware throughout their businesses.', u"Although next month will still see hundreds of jet orders at the Paris Airshow, the focus of competition between Airbus and Boeing is shifting quickly towards the way they build planes now that each has almost a decade's worth of orders to fulfill.", u'On Thursday, Airbus presented to journalists its plans for a futuristic factory in which humans, robots and cobots - or collaborative robots - interact to make planes more smoothly and cheaply, but acknowledged it would not happen overnight.', u'(Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'Toshiba Says Accounting Probe to Take Until Mid-July'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Toshiba Corp will file its annual report up to two months later than usual as an ongoing independent investigation into accounting irregularities will likely last until mid-July, the Japanese conglomerate said on Friday.', u'Toshiba has not been able to close its books for the year that ended in March because of the investigation into its book-keeping, which it says likely led to profits being overstated by at least 50 billion yen ($415 million) in recent years.', u'It has also skipped its year-end dividend.', u"The company's results for the full fiscal year would normally have been reported by mid-May, and the standard deadline for filing annual reports, the equivalent of 10-K reports, is the end of June.", u'Toshiba said the government had approved its request to submit its annual report by end-August and announce its fiscal first-quarter results by September 14, a month later than the standard deadline for April-June quarterly earnings reports.', u"The approval means the company's shares will not automatically be placed under supervision for potential delisting due to the delayed filing, a warning that would likely scare off conservative investors even if temporary.", u'"We accept the gravity of this extraordinary situation, and  deeply apologize for the inconvenience we caused to many, including shareholders," Chief Executive Hisao Tanaka said, before bowing deeply in front of reporters and analysts late on Friday.', u'"It\'s not my place to comment on possible supervision or delisting, but I will do my utmost to avoid such developments," he said.', u"Previous accounting investigations in Japan have included camera and medical equipment maker Olympus Corp's 13-year cover-up of $1.7 billion in losses.", u'Shares of Toshiba, whose businesses range from laptop computers to nuclear power plants, have fallen about 20 percent since it disclosed an initial internal probe in early April.', u'The company said it plans to hold an annual general meeting on June 25 for shareholders to vote on appointing its board of directors. Tanaka said the company also planned to hold an extraordinary meeting of shareholders after the third-party investigation is over.', u"Sources have said Toshiba executives were considering a way to compensate investors for the missed dividend with a special dividend payment after the investigation is over provided  its findings show the company's finances are strong enough.", u'Tanaka said the company would consider the issue of dividend payments after the investigation is completed.', u'(Additional reporting by Takahiko Wada; editing by Kenneth Maxwell and Jason Neely)']), ([u'Sany Says Diversifying Into Smartphones, as Machinery Demand Slips'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Chinese construction machinery maker Sany Group, which has been impacted by a sustained market slowdown, said it is venturing into smartphones, as part of a plan to diversify away from heavy machinery.', u'Sany is the latest among several companies jumping into the local smartphone market. They include Chinese video site LeTV,  Qihoo 360 Technology Co Ltd and Gree Electric Appliances Inc of Zhuhai.', u'Plans by Sany to launch the SANYV8Pioneer 4G model were first revealed by users of WeChat, a popular social messaging app, this week, with sales of the 1,699 yuan ($273.97) handset to start on June 8.', u"Xiang Wenbo, president of Sany Heavy Industry Co Ltd, which is part of Sany Group, confirmed the launch date and the pricing via his personal Weibo microblog account on Wednesday. He didn't reveal whether the Changsha-based firm would manufacture the handset itself, or the quantum of investment.", u'Sany executives could not be reached on Friday for comment.', u'Sany, Zoomlion Heavy Industry Science and Technology Co Ltd and other heavy equipment makers are diversifying into sectors unrelated to their core businesses as a slowing Chinese economy curbs demand for their products.', u'Sany, which has already opened a bank, also has been investing in marine and port machinery, a sector now dominated by Shanghai Zhenhua Heavy Industry Co Ltd. Its sprawling marine machinery industry park in south China started operations earlier this month.', u'(Reporting by Fang Yan and Matthew Miller in BEIJING; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Google Intensifies Focus on Its Cardboard Virtual Reality Device'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 ', u' has seen the future, and it is littered with cardboard boxes.', u'At its ', u' I/O developer conference here on Thursday, the search giant announced several programs that aim to put its virtual reality viewer, called Cardboard, at the center of a growing online world in which people can use their smartphone and YouTube to watch videos rendered in 3-D.', u'Google introduced its virtual reality viewer \u2014 a cardboard box, with some lenses and a magnet, that looks a lot like a plastic View-Master toy \u2014 as a gift at last year\u2019s I/O conference.', u'The idea was to create an inexpensive virtual reality device that allowed anyone with a smartphone to do things like fly through a Google Earth map of Chicago or view personal pictures in three dimensions.', u'It is a comically simple contraption: A smartphone slips into the front so it sits just inches from a user\u2019s eyes. Peering through a pair of cheap, plastic lenses renders the images on the phone\u2019s screen in 3-D. It costs around $4.', u'Typical of the Google playbook, the company put Cardboard\u2019s specifications online so hobbyists and manufacturers could build them.', u'In the year since, people have made viewers from foam, aluminum and walnut, and the Cardboard app was downloaded a million or so times.', u'\u201cWe wanted the viewer to be as dumb as possible and as cheap as possible because we basically wanted to open VR for everyone,\u201d said David Coz, an engineer in Google\u2019s Paris office who developed Cardboard.', u'At this year\u2019s I/O, Google is doubling down on Cardboard with initiatives meant to expand virtual reality to as many phones as possible. First of these is a new software kit that will make it easier for developers to build Cardboard apps for iPhones. The company also redesigned the cardboard hardware so that it is easier to fold and can now accommodate any smartphone, including popular, larger-screen, so-called phablets.', u'The Cardboard update is a modest offering compared with the product splashes of previous Google conferences, which have included a spherical entertainment system that was never released and Google Glass, the much hyped and now discontinued computerized eyewear that caused significant privacy concerns.', u'With Cardboard, Google\u2019s virtual reality is decidedly low cost and low frills, but, as in other Google efforts, like the ', u', it seems meant more to amass an audience than make money.', u'Over the last year, Google has developed a 360-degree camera that looks like a chandelier rigged with 16 GoPro video recorders, and currently has about a dozen of them filming sights around the world. When run through Google\u2019s software and processors, the footage will turn into a virtual reality rendering that tries to mimic the view from a human eye. Google said it would allow people to start uploading virtual reality videos to YouTube this summer.', u'During a recent demonstration at Google\u2019s Mountain View, Calif., campus, Clay Bavor, vice president for product management for Google\u2019s virtual reality efforts, demonstrated a video of a courtyard at the University of Washington. The video felt like an immersive version of the company\u2019s Street View mapping product that displays street-level views of city streets and historical sites.', u'Over time, the company is hoping this real-life version of virtual reality will grow into a vast collection of videos and experiences similar to how YouTube videos are shared now.', u'Google also said on Thursday it had formed a partnership with GoPro to develop a version of its virtual reality recorder that anybody could buy. The companies did not list a price for the recorder, but given that it has 16 cameras that retail for $400 each, it is likely to be expensive.', u'Where any of this goes is anyone\u2019s guess. One might imagine videos from the front row of a concert or a television channel filming breaking news in 3-D. At the same time, one might remember that Google has a history of announcing new products and initiatives that flop, like Google Glass.', u'And virtual reality has for decades been the next big thing that never actually happened.', u'Now companies like Facebook, Sony and Microsoft are placing big bets on both virtual reality, a computer-generated version of the world, as well as augmented reality, or AR, in which real-world experiences are enhanced with computer-generated images.', u'Analysts expect the first applications will be in video games. But in time they say virtual reality experiences could feature in everything from business meetings to doctor\u2019s appointments.', u'Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook\u2019s chief executive, has on several occasions said he believed virtual reality could be the next computing platform. That belief is enough to drive significant investment.', u'\u201cThe shift from desktop to mobile caught so many off guard and so dramatically impacted the competitive landscape, every tech and media company is going to have to be prepared for just the possibility that VR/AR will become the next platform,\u201d wrote Ben Schachter, an analyst with Macquarie Securities.', u'At its conference, Google also announced Google Photos, a photo app that comes with free, unlimited storage of the uncountable numbers of photos that people amass on their devices. There were new search features that allow people to do things like use their thumb to search for a restaurant in their text messages, instead of opening a new application.', u'In addition, the company outlined a new operating system, Brillo, that is based on Android and will allow household devices like refrigerators and thermostats to talk to one another and their owner\u2019s phone. Sundar Pichai, Google\u2019s senior vice president for products, suggested that users could use it to turn on their oven with a voice command.', u'Cardboard was the final act of the show, which featured a giant screen that wrapped around a San Francisco auditorium as if to mimic the experience of being immersed in a deep, three-dimensional world.', u'Beyond the virtual reality videos it plans on putting on YouTube, Google is also using its Cardboard device in its growing education efforts. Over the last year, the company has been running a trial called Expeditions in about 100 classrooms, in which teachers can use the viewers to take their students on a tour of world sites.', u'Last year, Google was the lead investor of a group of companies that invested $542 million in Magic Leap, a Florida company that is developing augmented reality technology that creates imaginative images like an elephant that can fit in one\u2019s hand. And Mr. Bavor said the company had made \u201ca significant investment\u201d in virtual reality that goes well beyond the efforts presented at I/O.', u'He would not say how much money or how many full-time employees are dedicated to these efforts, but virtual reality has grown to occupy a small building on Google\u2019s sprawling Mountain View campus.', u'\u201cThe upshot is we are making a big investment in VR and this whole space well beyond Cardboard,\u201d Mr. Bavor said. \u201cThis reality-capture system and amazing software that powers it, that has been a yearlong investment and is just one of the many things we have brewing.\u201d']), ([u'Fingerprint Cards Shares at Record After Google Tie-Up'], [u'STOCKHOLM \u2014  Swedish fingerprint sensor firm Fingerprint Cards said it had cooperated with Google on fingerprint recognition in the new Android software platform, as the U.S. software group looks to boost the use of fingerprint sensors on mobile phones.', u'Fingerprint shares jumped to a record high and were up     5.1 percent by 0724 GMT.', u'Google on Thursday previewed its new Android software for smartphones, tablets, watches and TVs at its annual developer conference in San Francisco. The new OS will be released later this year.', u'Fingerprint said it had provided prototype devices, based on its FPC1020 and FPC1025 touch sensors, supporting Google in developing and integrating the capability into Android M.', u'"It\'s a big step for the industry as there will be  standardized support in phones for fingerprint sensors," Fingerprint Chief Executive Jorgen Lantto said. Such sensors could allow a phone user to avoid having to input a passcode while also increasing security as phones are increasingly used in retail and financial transactions.', u'Lantto said Android M will mainly boost the market for fingerprint sensors in 2016 but could give some positive impact earlier.', u'"This will not impact the market in the second quarter, but might give impact in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, but mainly in 2016 the market will become bigger," Lantto said.', u"He repeated Fingerprint's forecast of revenue exceeding 1.5 billion Swedish crowns ($177 million) in 2015.", u'($1 = 8.4696 Swedish crowns)', u'(Reporting by Olof Swahnberg; Editing by David Holmes)']), ([u'Equinix to Buy TelecityGroup for $3.6 Billion, Interxion Deal Ended'], [u"LONDON/NEW YORK \u2014  U.S. data center company Equinix Inc said on Friday it would buy British peer TelecityGroup in a deal worth 2.35 billion pounds ($3.6 billion) that would also end  Telecity's pursuit of a smaller European rival.", u"Telecity, which runs computer centers that process traffic on the Internet, said in a statement its board had recommended Equinix's offer, and as such was terminating an all-stock deal to buy Netherlands-based Interxion Holding NV for $2.2 billion.", u'Dealmaking has picked up among the data center companies, which benefit from having bigger networks to attract multinational clients that want their services to reach across markets.', u'Underpinning deal activity in the sector is the industry\'s  plans to tap growing demand across new geographies for "cloud" technology, whereby the data and processing for devices such as  smartphones use millions of remote servers.', u'The acquisition of Telecity by Equinix, a deal that Reuters on Thursday reported was near fruition, would create the largest data center company in Europe.', u'Equinix Chief Executive Steve Smith said he had looked closely at Interxion and Telecity as targets but ultimately chose Telecity because its assets and brand were a better fit.', u'"Their customer base and footprint are more complementary to where we needed to go next," Smith said in an interview.', u"While the purchase of Telecity would be the largest transaction in Equinix's history, Smith said, Equinix has a strong balance sheet and is open to further deals.", u'"This deal doesn\'t preclude us from taking action if there were other opportunities," he added.', u"Equinix said the approximate 1,145 pence per share deal represented a 27.3 percent premium to the Telecity's closing price on May 6, before talks were announced, and that Telecity shareholders would receive 572.5 pence per share plus 0.0327 of one new Equinix share.", u'Shares of Telecity, which have risen 21 percent since Equinix announced its interest, traded down 0.7 percent at  1,082 pence.', u'After completion of the deal, expected in the first half of 2016, TelecityGroup shareholders would hold 10.1 percent of the combined company and Telecity Executive Chairman John Hughes would join the board of Equinix.', u"New York-listed Interxion's shares were down 48 cents, or  1.5 percent, at $30.72.", u'Telecity was advised by Goldman Sachs, Oakley Capital, Barclays and Greenhill & Co. Equinix was advised by JP Morgan', u'(Reporting by Sarah Young and Neil Maidment; Editing by Jane Merriman and David Holmes)']), ([u'Vivendi to Book 4.2 Billion Euro Pre-Tax Gain on GVT Sale'], [u'PARIS \u2014  French media group Vivendi said on Friday it would book a 4.2 billion euro ($4.6 billion) pre-tax gain from the sale of Brazilian telecommunications company GVT, which would help it pay interim dividends.', u"The company said it had also received a 12 percent stake in Telefonica Brazil's Vivo and would exchange 4.5 percent for 8.3 percent of Telecom Italia's ordinary shares in the coming weeks.", u'"The closing of the sale of GVT and of the 20 percent interest in Numericable-SFR enables the Vivendi management board, in accordance with its commitment, to authorize in principle the payment of two interim ordinary dividends, each in the amount of 1 euro per share, in respect of 2015," Vivendi said in a statement.', u'Vivendi sold its 20 percent stake in Numericable-SFR to billionaire Patrick Drahi earlier this year, via his holding company Altice and Numericable-SFR itself.', u'(Reporting by Leigh Thomas; Editing by James Regan)']), ([u'Creator of Silk Road Website Faces Sentencing for Drug Scheme'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The accused mastermind behind the Silk Road underground website was sentenced on Friday to life in prison for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin.', u'Ross Ulbricht, 31, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Katherine Forrest in Manhattan after a federal jury in February found him guilty of charges including distributing drugs through the Internet and conspiring to commit computer hacking and money laundering.', u'"What you did was unprecedented," Forrest said. "And in breaking that ground as the first person, you sit here as the defendant having to pay the consequences for that."', u'Ulbricht stood silently as Forrest announced the sentence, which also included an order to forfeit $183.9 million.', u'Outside of court, Joshua Dratel, his lawyer, promised an appeal, calling the sentence "unreasonable, unjust and unfair."', u'A sniffling Ulbricht, who had admitted to creating Silk Road but denied wrongdoing at trial, told the judge before being sentenced that, contrary to what the prosecutors argued, he did not build Silk Road out of greed.', u'"I wanted to empower people to make choices in their lives and have privacy and anonymity," he said.', u'Serrin Turner, a prosecutor, said Ulbricht was like any drug other kingpin, having fantasized about becoming a billionaire through his criminal enterprise and taking extreme steps, including soliciting murders, to protect it.', u'"This was not some disinterested do-gooder," he added.', u'Silk Road operated for more than two years, allowing users to anonymously buy drugs and other illicit goods and generating over $214 million in sales in the process, prosecutors said.', u'They said Ulbricht ran Silk Road under the alias Dread Pirate Roberts, a reference to a character in the 1987 movie "The Princess Bride."', u'The website relied on the Tor network, which lets users communicate anonymously, and accepted bitcoin as payment, which prosecutors said allowed users to conceal their identities and locations.', u'Prosecutors said Ulbricht, who grew up in Austin, Texas, took extreme steps to protect Silk Road, soliciting the murders of several people who posed a threat. No evidence exists the murders were carried out.', u'The online black market was shutdown in October 2013, when authorities seized the website and arrested Ulbricht at a San Francisco library.', u'Prosecutors say Silk Road became a blueprint for other so-called "dark market" websites that allow illegal drug sales, a phenomenon law enforcement agencies continue to battle.', u'"Ulbricht went from hiding his cybercrime identity to becoming the face of cybercrime and as today\u2019s sentence proves, no one is above the law," Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement.', u'At trial, Dratel said his client had indeed created what he intended to be a "freewheeling, free market site" where all but a few harmful items could be sold.', u'Dratel said Ulbricht handed off the website to others after it became too stressful, and was lured back toward its end to become the "fall guy" for its true operators.', u'Ahead of sentencing, prosecutors urged Forrest to take into account how at least six people died from overdoses on drugs linked to Silk Road. The parents of two of them spoke at the hearing.', u'One was a man who identified himself only as Richard, whose son, named Bryan B. in court papers, overdosed in Boston in 2013 using heroin authorities said was bought on Silk Road.', u'"He did not consider the impact on society of the expansion of the market for deadly drugs," the father told Forrest.', u'Ulbricht, who appeared in court in blue jail clothing, apologized to the families, saying he never wanted to harm anyone. He said he had ruined his life.', u'"I wish I could go back to convince myself to take a different path," he said. "But I can\'t do that."', u'The case is U.S. v. Ulbricht, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 13-06919.', u'(Editing by Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Daum Kakao Buys Path Assets for Indonesia Growth, Stock Soars'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  South Korean messaging app operator Daum Kakao Corp said it has acquired social networking assets from U.S.-based Path Inc, giving it a strong presence in Indonesia and sending its shares surging 10 percent on its push to expand globally.', u"While Daum Kakao owns South Korea's dominant chat app KakaoTalk, investors have been worried that KakaoTalk's global user base lags far behind rivals like Facebook Inc's WhatsApp and compatriot Naver Corp's Line.", u'"This acquisition marks the first of the many global business approaches Daum Kakao will take in the coming years," the company said in a statement, adding that in addition to acquisitions it would also explore investment and partnership opportunities.', u'Daum Kakao will purchase social networking service Path which has 10 million monthly active users, most of them in Indonesia, making it one of the top three SNS services in the Southeast Asian country. It will also buy messaging app Path Talk.', u'Terms of the deal were not disclosed.', u'"This deal establishes a new stronghold country and could generate further growth momentum in nearby countries," said Kyobo Securities analyst Lee Seong-bin.', u'Efforts by Daum Kakao to date to grow in markets like Indonesia, the Philippines and Malaysia had failed to gain traction.', u'In addition to strong position in Indonesia, Path has also been growing rapidly in Saudi Arabia.', u"Daum Kakao's shares were trading at 117,700 won in afternoon trade. At one stage, it rose 12 percent to its highest level in more than two months.", u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u'Avago, Broadcom Deal Could Put Pressure on Qualcomm'], [u"(Reuters) - Avago Technologies Ltd's $37 billion deal to buy chipmaker Broadcom  Corp creates new competitive challenges for Qualcomm and may force the world's largest mobile chip maker to radically rethink its own strategy.", u"Qualcomm Inc, which has dominated the market for connectivity chips on smartphones, has been looking to extend its reach into data centers and network infrastructure, but may find its way blocked by an enlarged competitor combining Avago's strength in storage and Broadcom's power in networking.", u'"Qualcomm has aspirations of moving into Intel\'s data center processor incumbency that the Avago storage and now enterprise networking (from Broadcom) capability directly overlays," said Drexel Hamilton analyst Richard Whittington.', u'That could result in Qualcomm creating some sort of partnership with Intel Corp, he said, to combat the reach of the new company.', u"Wall Street analysts generally cheered the deal on Thursday, despite some fretting about price, saying Broadcom's strength  in wireless networking, WiFi and Bluetooth chips is a good complement to Avago's presence in industrial and wired devices.", u'That presents a challenge to Qualcomm, which finds itself in a tough spot in the maturing microprocessor business, as smartphone makers such as Samsung, Apple Inc and Huawei put more effort into producing their own chips.', u'Now a Avago/Broadcom tie-up - which will take the name of Broadcom - potentially gives handset makers another viable supplier, giving them more leverage and putting even more pressure on Qualcomm, said IDC analyst Mario Morales.', u'"The other material impact will come from the adjacencies that Qualcomm is trying to enter now, the data center, infrastructure and the consumer area," he added. "We see a lot of synergy in the technology they (Avago) are buying."', u'Qualcomm has hinted that it is looking at new areas.', u'"I think there\'s going to be a tremendous amount of growth in computing and resources dedicated to supporting the cloud," Qualcomm chief executive Steve Mollenkopf said at last year\'s ', u'. "We look at that as an opportunity for a company like ours."', u'The company did not immediately reply to a request for comment on its strategic plans in response to the Broadcom deal on Thursday.', u'Avago/Broadcom is just the latest in a wave of heavyweight mergers and acquisitions reshaping the chip industry.', u'NXP Semiconductors unveiled a deal in March to buy smaller peer Freescale Semiconductor Ltd. In the same month, Reuters reported that Intel was in talks to buy chipmaker Altera Corp, which many investors expect to result in a deal soon.', u"That backdrop of consolidation may force Qualcomm's hand.", u'"Either divest themselves of the business that they are in that is in direct competition with Broadcom - and now Avago - or find a way to grow their presence," said Chris Geier, partner-in-charge of Sikich Investment Banking, assessing Qualcomm\'s options. "They are going to have to do one or the other. The status quo for them at this point won\'t work."', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby, editing by G Crosse)']), ([u'Apple Buys a Maker of Futuristic Augmented-Reality Software'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Apple has bought a company that makes augmented-reality software, which adds information or images to real-world scenes when viewed through a special headset or even a smartphone camera.', u"It's the latest sign that major tech companies see big potential for products that let users view the world with extra features added by technology. Apple, Google, Facebook and Microsoft are all working on augmented- or virtual-reality products. Augmented reality can add hand-drawn sketches, navigational directions, historic video or computer-generated, three-dimensional images to a real-world scene. Virtual reality can make viewers feel as if they are immersed in an artificial world.", u'Apple on Thursday confirmed the purchase of Munich-based Metaio for an undisclosed sum but did not say what it plans to do with the technology.']), ([u'Exclusive: Equinix Nears Deal for Telecity-Sources'], [u'(Reuters) - U.S. data center company Equinix Inc is nearing a deal to acquire British peer Telecity Group Plc, according to people familiar with the matter, in a tie-up that would create the largest data center player in Europe.', u'A deal could be announced as early as Friday, one of the people said. The negotiations are in the final stages but could still fall apart, the people added.', u'The deal price could not be learned. Equinix had previously offered 2.3 billion pounds ($3.5 billion) to convince Telecity to enter into negotiations. Telecity shares ended trading in London at 1,090 pence on Thursday, giving it a market capitalization of $2.2 billion pounds.', u'The sources asked not to be identified because the negotiations are confidential. Equinix declined to comment, while Telecity did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u'Founded in 1998, Equinix operates more than 100 data centers in 33 markets in five continents. It previously said that buying Telecity would give it more locations in Britain, including central London. It would also expand its footprint in cities such as Dublin, Milan, Istanbul, Stockholm, Helsinki and Warsaw.', u'Telecity in February said it would buy Dutch rival Interxion Holding NV in a $2.2 billion all-stock deal. Equinix said earlier this month that acquiring Telecity would create a more compelling combination than the proposed merger with Interxion and would deliver greater value for Telecity shareholders.', u'Based in Redwood City, California, Equinix spent $482 million on buying IXEurope, a European colocation company, in 2007.', u'Equinix received a nod from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service on May 20 that it could convert into a real estate investment trust.', u'(Reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u"Sally Beauty Says Some Payment Cards 'at Risk' in Security Breach"], [u'(Reuters) - Sally Beauty Holdings Inc confirmed that criminals used malware at some of its point-of-sale systems between March 6 and April 17.', u'"... Payment card information of customers that used cards at affected U.S. Sally Beauty stores during this time may have been put at risk," the company said.', u'The company began investigating a possible security incident after it received reports of unusual activity in late April involving payment cards used at some of its U.S. stores.', u'Sally Beauty said on Thursday it does not collect or store personal identification number (PIN) data and therefore had no reason to believe that debit card PINs may have been impacted.', u'A string of retailers including Home Depot Inc and Target Corp have reported large-scale data breaches at their stores in the past couple of years.', u'(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Google Shows Off Virtual Reality Collaboration With GoPro'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Action camera maker GoPro Inc and Google Inc introduced a virtual reality system using 16 cameras and Google software, sending GoPro shares up nearly 7 percent on Thursday.', u"GoPro's helmet- and body-mounted video cameras are popular with adventure sports enthusiasts, and the new GoPro system will use Google\u2019s new Jump technology to help create a 360 degree view.", u'Google showed off the GoPro system at its developer conference in San Francisco. It did not say when the system will go on sale.', u'Google also announced a new Photos app that helps users store and organize their images. Set to be released on Thursday, the app will let users back up and store unlimited photos and videos for free, said Anil Sabharwal, Google\u2019s director of product management.', u'The app also makes it easy for users to post their photos through social media and messaging services such as Twitter and WhatsApp.', u'\u201cWe firmly believe you should be able to share photos and videos any way you want,\u201d Sabharwal said.', u'Available on Apple\u2019s iOS system, Google\u2019s Android system and the web, the app automatically organizes photos by the people, places and things depicted and also helps users create collages and movies.', u'Google shares were nearly unchanged, down 7 cents to $554.18, while GoPro shares rose 6.6 percent to $56.81.', u'(Additional reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u"After Security Scandal, a Tech Firm Says It's Changing Focus"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A Silicon Valley startup says it's shutting down operations and shifting to a new business model after it was blamed earlier this year for turning unwitting computer users into targets for annoying web ads \u2014 and hackers.", u'Facing lawsuits and an industry crackdown, Superfish co-founder Adi Pinhas said he wants to find new uses for the company\'s powerful "visual search" software, which can recognize a picture and search for similar images without relying on text labels.', u"Pinhas said he's closing Superfish and is promoting the technology through a new company, JustVisual, that's building smartphone apps consumers can use to identify plants or shop for clothes and furniture.", u'"This was a change that was already in the works," Pinhas told The Associated Press Thursday. But he said it was accelerated by a firestorm that erupted three months ago when researchers found a worrisome security flaw in Superfish software that came pre-installed on some laptop computers sold by Lenovo.', u"The program used Superfish's visual algorithms to identify objects people viewed online and show them ads for similar products. Lenovo said it thought consumers would find that useful, but critics called it intrusive and annoying. What's worse, experts said it used code that severely compromised the encryption used by websites to protect passwords or account numbers that shoppers provide when making an online purchase.", u"The discovery prompted consumer lawsuits against Superfish and Lenovo, which scrambled to remove the software. Pinhas wouldn't comment on the still-pending lawsuits.", u'Superfish was also rocked by a recent crackdown on so-called "ad-injection" companies that insert or replace ads on popular websites, sometimes without the site owner\'s knowledge. A report from Google this month identified Superfish as a participant in that industry, although Pinhas said Superfish software was used by other companies in ways that were difficult to control. "It just got way too complicated," he said. "We don\'t believe any more that this is the best way to bring visual search to users."', u'The new JustVisual company promises to be upfront about showing ads. Chief Product Officer Kevin Lee said shoppers interested in a particular item can take a picture with their smartphone and then use an app to find ads for similar items on sale. It has four apps and is developing others.', u'The company, which is based in Palo Alto, California, also hopes to make money from licensing its software, which experts have praised for its tech prowess. As an example, Lee said companies might use it to protect commercial trademarks by searching for counterfeit "knock-offs" on e-commerce sites.', u'JustVisual will follow industry standards for security and privacy, Lee said.']), ([u'GameStop Profit Beats on Higher Sales of Mortal Kombat X'], [u'(Reuters) - GameStop Corp, the world\'s largest retailer of video game products, reported better-than-expected profit and revenue, helped by strong sales of new releases such as "Mortal Kombat X" and "Evolve" and an increase in mobile game downloads.', u"GameStop's shares rose 5.3 percent in extended trading after the company also forecast a second-quarter profit largely above analysts' average estimate.", u'The company forecast a profit of 21 cents to 25 cents per share for the current quarter. Analysts were expecting 21 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Retail sales of "Mortal Kombat X" ranked number one among NPD Group\'s games in April.', u'GameStop has its hopes pinned on the June release of "Batman: Arkham Knight", the latest in the "Batman" Arkham" series by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment.', u'"I do see console sales really remaining constant," GameStop COO Tony Bartel said in an interview. "I do think we are going to continue to see a strong hand held performance which is something that we definitely saw in the first quarter."', u'New video game hardware sales rose 0.3 percent to $439.7 million in the first quarter ended May 2 while sales of new game software rose about 10 percent.', u'According to a report by market research firm NPD, U.S. sales of video game hardware fell 4 percent in April, while software sales were up 13 percent.', u'Grapevine, Texas-based GameStop said first-quarter revenue rose 3.2 percent to $2.06 billion. Comparable-store sales rose 8.6 percent.', u'Revenue from its mobile and consumer electronics business rose about 34 percent to $136.8 million.', u'Net income rose to $73.8 million, or 68 cents per share, in the first quarter from $68 million, or 59 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'Analysts had expected a profit of 59 cents per share on revenue of $2.01 billion.', u'"The outperformance is driven by new software sales, that\'s one of the primary reasons...given that main concern on the stock is the impact of digital download on new software sales," SterneAgee CRT analyst Arvind Bhatia said.', u'The company also raised its full-year earnings per share forecast by 3 cents to $3.63-$3.83 to reflect fewer outstanding shares.', u"GameStop's shares closed at $40.92 on the New York Stock Exchange on Thursday.", u'(Editing by Don Sebastian)']), ([u'Exclusive: FCC Poised to Side With Verizon, AT&T in Airwaves Spat'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile U.S. Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the matter.', u"Such a decision, which could be finalized in coming weeks, would end months of speculation and vigorous lobbying by the nation's No. 4 cellular operator, which wants the Federal Communications Commission to further limit how much spectrum dominant U.S. carriers Verizon Communications Inc and AT&T Inc can buy in the auction.", u"The FCC voted last year to restrict the participation of Verizon and AT&T in the 2016 spectrum sale by reserving a piece of each market's airwaves for non-dominant carriers, but not to the extent sought by T-Mobile.", u"The vote was something of a compromise among the FCC's Democrats, who wanted to give smaller carriers a leg up but also to ensure that restrictions on the big carriers would not cut the proceeds of the auction, expected to be the agency's largest.", u"Though no recommendation has yet been prepared and the deliberations could still shift, the FCC staff's current thinking is that an adequate amount of spectrum has already been set aside for smaller carriers, according to the people familiar with the matter.", u"Regardless, FCC Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel, often the FCC's swing vote in the three-member Democratic majority, appears disinclined to revisit the current plan, those and other people also said. All sources spoke anonymously because the matter is not yet public.", u'FCC spokesman Neil Grace said the FCC staff are working on various auction-related matters: "At this time, that preparatory work is active, remains ongoing, and no decisions have been made."', u'For its part, T-Mobile is confident that the FCC "will do the right thing by consumers in this auction and make sure AT&T and Verizon don\'t further consolidate their control over wireless access to the Internet," Andy Levin, T-Mobile\'s senior vice president of government affairs, said in a statement.', u'The auction will be a landmark one for the U.S. wireless industry as it will give participants their first chance since 2008 to buy low-frequency airwaves, highly prized for their ability to carry heavy data over long distances and through obstacles such as buildings.', u'That capability makes them particularly attractive for companies trying to satisfy growing consumer demand for data-guzzling devices and applications.', u"Last year's FCC vote largely limits Verizon and AT&T, which the telecoms watchdog estimates control almost two-thirds of the low-band spectrum across the country. The resulting rules reserve up to 30 megahertz, or less than half, of the spectrum in each market for non-nationwide carriers or companies with less than one-third of low-band spectrum there, such as Sprint Corp and T-Mobile.", u'T-Mobile, in a recently formed coalition with Sprint, Dish Network Corp and advocacy and trade groups, has been pushing the FCC to raise that reserve to 40 megahertz, or at least half of the spectrum, arguing that larger blocks of frequencies are critical for them to compete with bigger rivals.', u"Cable broadband company Charter Communications Inc has made a similar request to the coalition's, according to a regulatory filing disclosed this week. AT&T and Verizon have fought against the proposed change.", u"Another FCC airwave auction in January raised more than $40 billion, setting a record and showcasing the wireless industry's hunger for spectrum. That auction surprised investors with a strong showing by Dish, whose partners scooped up $13 billion worth of spectrum.", u'AT&T and Verizon spent the most in the sale, more than $18 billion and $10 billion, respectively.', u"Dish and T-Mobile have both pledged to participate in next year's auction; however, Sprint's Chief Financial Officer Joe Euteneur earlier this month indicated that the company may decide to skip it, according to reports from a J.P. Morgan industry conference.", u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Christian Plumb)']), ([u'U.S. FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access.', u'The Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote on June 18 to begin the process of revamping the $1.7 billion program, called Lifeline, which has helped poorer Americans get access to telecommunications technologies since 1985.', u'FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler wants to give those receiving the subsidy a choice of using it for phone services, high-speed Internet, or both. The program helps about 12 million U.S. households afford landline and mobile phones, according to agency estimates.', u'"As communications technologies and markets evolve, the Lifeline program also has to evolve to remain relevant," Wheeler said in a blog post. "Broadband is key to Lifeline\u2019s future."', u'The FCC estimates that some 95 percent of U.S. households with incomes of $150,000 have access to high-speed Internet, while less than half of households with incomes lower than $25,000 have Internet access at home.', u'The latest changes to Lifeline seek to bridge the digital divide for poorer Americans as companies routinely require basic digital literacy skills and Internet access becomes increasingly important for healthcare, financial planning or education.', u'The subsidy is currently available to households with an income at or below 135 percent of the federal poverty line, or receive federal assistance through other programs such as food stamps or ', u'.', u'It is funded through fees paid by landline and cellphone users and offers each eligible household $9.25 a month. The new plan does not propose changes to the funding cap.', u'Nonetheless, the proposals are likely to spark a new round of political battles of the Lifeline program, which has faced criticisms for its history of fraud and abuse, often by individuals and small telephone companies.', u'Republicans, who in recent years have referred to Lifeline as "Obamaphone" program, have fought to shut it down for being too wasteful.', u"Wheeler's proposal aims to address some concerns, seeking comments on how best to ensure that those receiving financial support are the ones who need it most, for instance by putting third parties instead of phone companies in charge of deciding eligibility.", u'The proposal also seeks comments on how the FCC can encourage more providers to participate in the program and suggests increasing minimum standards for phone and Internet service that low-income users receive through Lifeline.', u"Wheeler's proposals are a renewed push for reforms of Lifeline, which has gone through several alterations in recent years to accommodate the growing use of wireless phones, cut its spending and crack down on fraud.", u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Dozens of Cell Phone Towers in Kashmir Shut Down After Attacks'], [u'SRINAGAR, India \u2014  Dozens of communications towers have been shut down in an area of Indian-administered Kashmir after a string of attacks and threats by militants, who say cell phone services are being used to target their members.', u'Militants have also threatened local people, and in the past five days shot dead one man who was working at a mobile phone shop in the Sopore area and another man who had a cell phone tower installed on his property, police said. Three other people were injured in attacks.', u'More than 50 towers in the Sopore area of northern Kashmir have been taken out of service, nearly shutting down public communications in the vicinity, police said.', u'"The cellular services are down and we are trying to restore them in a couple of days," SJM Gillani, police chief for the Kashmir region, told Reuters.', u'Earlier this month, a previously unknown militant group called Lashkar-e-Islam warned people working for or with telecoms companies to stop, saying that cell phone services were being used to target members of the group.', u'Officials have expressed concerns that the violent targeting of something as ubiquitous as cell phone usage could create panic in Kashmir, a heavily militarised region where a separatist insurgency has simmered for years.', u'"(The militants) have challenged the writ of the government," a senior security officer told Reuters.', u"Companies affected include Aircel, a unit of Malaysia's Maxis Communications Bhd, Airtel, Vodafone, Reliance Communications and Idea Cellular, police said.", u'Airtel, Vodafone and Reliance declined to comment, while the other companies could not immediately be reached for comment.', u'UNKNOWN GROUP', u'Last week, posters bearing the name of Lashkar-e-Islam  appeared in the Sopore area, demanding phone companies shut down their operations.', u'"Due to these cellphone companies, our commanders and militant brothers have been arrested or killed," read one poster.', u'"We warn all the people associated with the telecom companies to stop working for them and tower site owners to dismantle the towers. We also warn shopkeepers who recharge cell phones to stop it. If not, they will be killed," it said.', u'In the latest incident a man who had rented out part of his property to a tower was shot and critically injured in the town of Pattan.', u'Police, however, said on Thursday that another local separatist group called Hizbul Mujahideen may be behind the spate of attacks.', u'The security officer told Reuters he thought the militants may be trying to prevent people from sharing intelligence with security agencies to help counter-insurgency efforts in Kashmir Valley.', u'Separatists in divided Kashmir, which is claimed by both Pakistan and India, have been fighting security forces in the Indian-administered part of the region since 1989, although the frequency of attacks has waned.', u"Police, meanwhile, said they had arrested some of the individuals involved in this week's attacks, but did not disclose their identities or affiliation.", u'"Providing security to towers is a huge task, then there are franchises, re-charge shops and people associated with these companies," a senior police officer told Reuters.', u'"If it is the militants\' strategy to create fear, then it is a challenge, but we will overcome it," he said.', u'(Additional reporting by Nivedita Bhattarcharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Krista Mahr/Douglas Busvine/Susan Fenton)']), ([u"China's Huawei Sees Strong Smartphone Growth in Southeast Asia"], [u"BANGKOK \u2014  China's Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL], the world's No. 2 telecom equipment maker, expects total shipments of smartphones in southeast Asia to rise 160 percent to 8 million units in 2015, boosted by strong demand in Myanmar, it said on Thursday.", u"In the first quarter, Huawei posted a 120 percent increase in smartphone shipments in the region, one of the most promising markets in the world, Thomas Liu, President for Huawei's southeast Asian consumer business group, told reporters.", u'Liu was in Bangkok on Thursday to launch its flagship P8 smartphones in Thailand, the second largest market in southeast Asia.', u"Myanmar, once one of the world's least-connected nations,  has grown to become Huawei's biggest market in the region, with a share of more than 50 percent, Liu said.", u'To tap strong growth in the region, the Shenzhen-based company aims to work closely with local partners and distributors and plans to open up to 1,500 customer service centers, Kevin Ho, president for the handset product line, said.', u"The launch of P8, which runs on Google Inc's Android operating system, is likely to spark fiercer competition in the Thai handset market.", u"Earlier this month, China's Xiaomi Technologies [XTC.UL] joined with Thailand's largest mobile operator Advanced Info Service to sell its first smartphone, dubbed the Xiaomi Mi4, online in the country.", u'Market researcher IDC said on Thursday it expects sales of smartphones in Thailand to grow by 29 percent to boost the number of smartphone users to 36 million by the end of this year.', u'(Reporting by Khettiya Jittapong; Editing by David Holmes)']), ([u'Apple Fails to Disqualify Antitrust Monitor in e-Books Case'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices.", u'While saying some allegations against the monitor Michael Bromwich "give pause," the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York said a lower court judge did not abuse her discretion in rejecting Apple\'s bid to end his two-year appointment early.', u'U.S. District Judge Denise Cote installed Bromwich through a permanent injunction in October 2013, three months after she ruled in favor of the U.S. Department of Justice by finding that Apple had played a "central role" in conspiring to raise e-book prices and impede rivals such as Amazon.com Inc.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The Cupertino, California-based company is appealing that decision. Apple separately entered a $450 million settlement of related claims by 31 states, Washington, D.C., Puerto Rico and consumers, contingent on the decision being upheld.', u'Apple had claimed that Bromwich collaborated improperly with the Justice Department and the states, was too aggressive in demanding interviews with executives, and charged hourly fees that began at $1,100 before being cut to $1,000, an amount revealed on Thursday.', u'For his part, Bromwich, a lawyer, has faulted Apple for refusing to provide access and adopting an "adversarial tone" toward him.', u"Writing for the appeals court, Circuit Judge Dennis Jacobs criticized Bromwich for submitting an affidavit supporting the plaintiffs when they opposed Apple's request to halt his work.", u'"Bromwich\'s submission in conjunction with a litigant\'s brief was the opposite of best practice for a court-appointed monitor," and may raise "an appearance of impropriety," Jacobs wrote.', u'But Jacobs said Cote\'s injunction "contemplates at least some interaction" between Bromwich and the plaintiffs, and that Cote need not disqualify him for that or for his billing rate, "rich as it may be."', u"Apple spokesman Josh Rosenstock, Apple's lawyer Theodore Boutrous, and Bromwich's spokeswoman declined to comment.", u"In a concurring opinion, U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman faulted Apple for being slow to object to Bromwich's actions.", u'"The company largely sat on its hands, allowing issues with the monitor to fester and the relationship to deteriorate," he wrote.', u'A Justice Department spokesman welcomed Thursday\'s decision, and said Apple "could have obviated this entire appeal" by raising concerns about Bromwich faster.', u"The publishers are Lagardere SCA's Hachette, News Corp's HarperCollins, Penguin Group, CBS Corp's Simon & Schuster and Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH's Macmillan.", u'The case is U.S. v. Apple Inc, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-60.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel and Nate Raymond in New York; Editing by Frances Kerry, Jonathan Oatis and Richard Chang)']), ([u'Google and Apple Adjust Strategies on Mobile Payments'], [u'The battle for mobile software dominance revolves around two companies: ', u' and ', u'. Now both giants are also going head-to-head in mobile payments, as they prepare to push deeper into digital wallets.', u'Google is set to unveil plans at its annual developer conference on Thursday for an overhaul of its mobile payment products, according to three people familiar with the situation, who spoke on the condition they not be named because the details are confidential.', u'Changes include a service called Android Pay that will let merchants accept credit card payments from inside their mobile apps and can be integrated with loyalty programs at retailers, the people said. Google Wallet, a mobile commerce app, will also be reintroduced as a peer-to-peer payments app that consumers can use to send money to each other directly from their debit accounts, they said.', u'Apple is preparing to announce details about enhancements to Apple Pay at its software conference next month. Those include a rewards program for the mobile wallet service, said two people briefed on the product.', u'The moves are the latest advances in mobile payments as several players jockey for an edge. With more consumers willing to make purchases using smartphones, companies are rushing to take the lead in the market, spurring eBay\u2019s PayPal to heavily market a suite of mobile apps, while start-ups like Square and Stripe expand their payments processing software to small and midsize businesses.', u'The stakes are also high for Apple and Google, which are entering mobile payments later than others in the industry. For Apple, mobile payments tie people more directly to its main product, the iPhone. For Google, payments are a hook to reel people into its ecosystem of services and another way to gain insight about consumers.', u'\u201cThey want to be as disruptive to payments as Amazon has been to retail,\u201d said Sucharita Mulpuru, a retail and payments analyst for Forrester Research. \u201cBy being early they can shape the customer experience and expectations.\u201d', u'Anaik Weid, a Google spokeswoman, declined to comment, as did Laura Newell, an Apple spokeswoman.', u'The challenge for Apple and Google, along with rivals, is that the mobile wallet is generally a technology in search of a problem. Cash and credit cards are easy to use and accepted broadly worldwide. As a result, the mobile wallet is typically more of a supplementary service than a replacement.', u'Nonetheless, mobile payments are growing quickly. Forrester Research predicts they will balloon to', u' in the United States, almost tripling from $52 billion in 2014.', u'Awareness of mobile payments has been stoked by Apple Pay, which Apple introduced last October. Apple has partnerships with dozens of American banks, allowing Apple Pay to work with most major credit cards. Some retailers, like Walgreens and Whole Foods, have said mobile wallet payments in their stores have grown significantly since the debut of Apple Pay.', u'But analysts have noted that a missing piece from Apple Pay was a rewards program to keep users returning to participating merchants. People familiar with Apple Pay said that next month, Apple will announce such a program offering perks to consumers who make purchases with the service, though they declined to reveal details.', u'Apple Pay remains limited. It is available only on the latest Apple mobile devices, and just a select number of retailers accept payments from the service, said Jan Dawson, an independent technology analyst for Jackdaw Research.', u'\u201cApple Pay has given it a really big shot in the arm, but even that is nascent,\u201d Mr. Dawson said. That leaves plenty of room for another company, like Google, to grab a slice of the market, he said.', u'Google\u2019s new Android Pay can also be used at brick-and-mortar stores in addition to letting merchants accept credit card payments from their mobile apps, said the people familiar with the company\u2019s plans. Consumers who use Android Pay for a purchase will also automatically add points to loyalty programs run by participating retailers, they said. The revamped Google Wallet will be available for Android and iOS devices, they added.', u'Google has had trouble getting a mobile wallet to catch on with consumers. In 2011, the company introduced Google Wallet, a way for customers to pay for purchases in stores with an Android phone. The project was riddled with problems; issuing banks and the large credit card networks were not on board, and mobile carriers hampered Google\u2019s efforts to support Google Wallet on Android phones.', u'With its revitalized payments push, Google now is working closely with credit card networks, card-issuing banks and payments processors, said the people familiar with the situation. Retailers, too, are more eager to accept mobile payments products that work with their loyalty programs in order to gain insight into customer shopping habits.', u'Google has the opportunity to offer its Android payment service to a broad swath of handsets by different manufacturers, while Apple\u2019s payment service is exclusive to its device owners. Yet Google will not be able to control its payment system as tightly as Apple, which could create room for the Android service to break down, Mr. Dawson said.', u'Another potential headache for Google is Samsung, the world\u2019s largest handset maker and the top seller of Android devices. The South Korean manufacturer ', u' another mobile wallet competitor, this year. That offering could divide Samsung smartphone users who may have to choose between Google\u2019s wallet and Samsung\u2019s LoopPay product.', u'Still, Google and Apple offer something that few others can: Hardware, software and an insatiable desire to win.', u'\u201cGoogle and Apple have deep pockets and the appetite to invest,\u201d said Ms. Mulpuru of Forrester Research. \u201cThey may create something that is a lasting disruption.\u201d']), ([u'Amazon Offers Limited Free Shipping on Same-Day Delivery Orders'], [u'(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will offer limited free same-day delivery under its Prime shipping service as retailers try to outdo each other on delivery deals, and expanded the service to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area.', u'Amazon offers same-day delivery to Prime members for $5.99 per order and non-members for $8.99, plus 99 cents per unit. The online retailer will allow Prime members free same-day shipping on orders over $35, Greg Greeley, head of Prime, told Reuters.', u'"We know same-day delivery volumes will grow dramatically now that we are making it free," he said.', u"Amazon's announcement comes within days of rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc saying it plans to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year, a move that may hurt Amazon, which has an annual $99 Prime shipping service.", u'Google Inc also recently launched its Express shopping option that allows retailers that do not have same-day delivery capabilities, to use its network in certain markets. Google Express costs $10 a month, or $95 a year.', u'Amazon launched Prime a decade ago offering free, two-day shipping - at first charging $79, then raising the service to $99 last year. In 2009 Prime launched same-day delivery and last year started a one-hour delivery service, Prime Now.', u"Prime has become the cornerstone of Amazon's growth - and a testing ground for new services ranging from television programs and movies to delivery-by-drone.", u'In 2014, Amazon spent billions of dollars on Prime shipping and has invested $1.3 billion in its Prime video service.', u'Earlier this year Amazon said U.S. Prime membership increased 50 percent in 2014. In December, it said customers ordered more than 10 times as many items via same-day delivery this holiday season, compared to a year earlier.', u'The same-day delivery service is already available in cities such as New York, Philadelphia, the San Francisco Bay area, Seattle, Atlanta, Boston, and Baltimore, among others.', u'A recent study of 1,400 online shoppers by Walker Sands Communications found that free shipping was the feature most likely to get people to shop online, followed by free returns and one-day shipping. The study also found nearly 96 percent of respondents had made a purchase from Amazon in the past year.', u'(Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)']), ([u'FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access.', u'The Federal Communications Commission is expected to vote on June 18 to begin the process of revamping the $1.7 billion program, called Lifeline, which has helped poorer Americans get access to telecommunications technologies since 1985.', u'FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler wants to give those receiving the subsidy a choice of using it for phone services, high-speed Internet, or both. The program helps about 12 million U.S. households afford landline and mobile phones, according to agency estimates.', u'"As communications technologies and markets evolve, the Lifeline program also has to evolve to remain relevant," Wheeler said in a blog post. "Broadband is key to Lifeline\u2019s future."', u'The FCC estimates that some 95 percent of U.S. households with incomes of $150,000 have access to high-speed Internet, while less than half of households with incomes lower than $25,000 have Internet access at home.', u'The latest changes to Lifeline seek to bridge the digital divide for poorer Americans as companies routinely require basic digital literacy skills and Internet access becomes increasingly important for healthcare, financial planning or education.', u'The subsidy is currently available to households with an income at or below 135 percent of the federal poverty line, or receive federal assistance through other programs such as food stamps or ', u'.', u'It is funded through fees paid by landline and cellphone users and offers each eligible household $9.25 a month. The new plan does not propose changes to the funding cap.', u'Nonetheless, the proposals are likely to spark a new round of political battles of the Lifeline program, which has faced criticisms for its history of fraud and abuse, often by individuals and small telephone companies.', u'Republicans, who in recent years have referred to Lifeline as "Obamaphone" program, have fought to shut it down for being too wasteful.', u"Wheeler's proposal aims to address some concerns, seeking comments on how best to ensure that those receiving financial support are the ones who need it most, for instance by putting third parties instead of phone companies in charge of deciding eligibility.", u'The proposal also seeks comments on how the FCC can encourage more providers to participate in the program and suggests increasing minimum standards for phone and Internet service that low-income users receive through Lifeline.', u"Wheeler's proposals are a renewed push for reforms of Lifeline, which has gone through several alterations in recent years to accommodate the growing use of wireless phones, cut its spending and crack down on fraud.", u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u"Insight-All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny"], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean.", u'The Australian-led search, already the most expensive in aviation history, has found no trace of the Malaysia Airlines jet or its 239 passengers and crew, prompting calls for a rethink into the way the mission is conducted.', u'Experts involved in past deep water searches say the search to find MH370 could easily miss the plane as Dutch company Fugro NV, the firm at the forefront of the mission, is using inappropriate technology for some terrain and inexperienced personnel for the highly specialised task of hunting man-made objects.', u"Heightening concerns, Australian authorities said on Wednesday that another search vessel, the Go Phoenix, which is using the world's best deep sea search equipment and crew provided by U.S. firm Phoenix International Holdings Inc, would pull out within weeks. No reason was given for withdrawing the vessel from the quest.", u'"Fugro is a big company but they don\'t have any experience in this kind of search and it\'s really a very specialised job," said Paul-Henry Nargeolet, a former French naval officer who was hired by France\'s air accident investigation agency BEA to co-ordinate the search and recovery of Air France Flight AF447 in 2009.', u'"This is a big job," Nargeolet told Reuters. "I\'m not an Australian taxpayer, but if I was, I would be very mad to see money being spent like that."', u'Fugro, which was contracted by the Australian government to operate three ships pulling sonar across the vast 60,000-km search zone, has rejected claims it is using the wrong equipment, saying its gear is rigorously tested.', u"Still, Nargeolet's concerns are echoed by others in the tightly held deepsea search and rescue industry, who are worried that unless the search ships pass right over any wreckage the sonar scanning either side of the vessels won't pick it up.", u'Experts also question the lack of data released by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) on the activities of the Fugro ships.', u"Three of the bidders rejected for the MH370 contract, U.S. firm Williamson & Associates, France's ixBlue SAS and Mauritius-based Deep Ocean Search Ltd, have taken the unusual step of detailing their concerns - months down the track - directly to Australian authorities in correspondence viewed by Reuters.", u'Several other experts are also critical, including some who requested anonymity, citing the close knit nature of the industry which has just a few companies and militaries capable of conducting deepwater searches.', u'"I have serious concerns that the MH370 search operation may not be able to convincingly demonstrate that 100 percent seafloor coverage is being achieved," Mike Williamson, founder and president of Williamson & Associates told Reuters.', u'DIVING INTO THE UNKNOWN', u'Australia took over the search for the missing plane from Malaysia in late March last year, three weeks after MH370 disappeared off the radar during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.', u'The search area was determined by satellite data that revealed the plane turned back sharply over the Malaysian Peninsula and flew undetected for another six hours before crashing into the inhospitable southern Indian Ocean.', u'The unchartered waters, buffeted by the Roaring Forties winds, stretch as deep as 6 km, hiding old volcanoes and cliffs in their depths. Australia, Malaysia and China earlier this month agreed to double the search area to 120,000 sq km.', u'Whether Phoenix International, which has U.S. navy contracts and found the recorders of AF447, will be part of that extended search area is unclear after the ATSB said that Go Phoenix, owned by Australian firm Go Marine, will cease operating on June 19. Phoenix International, which was contracted separately by the Malaysian government, did not immediately return calls about its position. The Malaysian government also did not reply to requests for comment.', u'Two of the Fugro ships traverse up and down 2.4 km-wide strips of the sea floor, pulling via a cable a "towfish" that contains sonar equipment, in a technique often called "mowing the lawn".', u'The towfish coasts around 100 metres above the sea floor, sending out sound waves diagonally across a swath, or broad strip, to produce a flattened image of the seabed.', u'The Fugro ships are using sonar provided by EdgeTech, the same U.S. company whose sonar was used successfully to find Air France AF447 after it crashed in the Atlantic Ocean.', u'However, experts say while the type of sonar equipment being used by Fugro gives good results in flat surfaces, it is less well-suited to rugged underwater terrain, a world of confusing shadows.', u"The ATSB has routinely released detailed data from Go Phoenix, but has not done so for the Fugro ships. Experts have cobbled together an analysis from glimpses of the sonar use and data in videos and images posted to the ATSB website. From that, they've gauged the EdgeTech sonars are operating at swathes beyond their optimum capabilities, resulting in poor quality images and leaving side gaps in coverage.", u'"It makes no sense to be using fine scale tools to cover a massive area;\xa0it is like mowing an entire wheat field with a household lawnmower," said Rob McCallum, a vice-president at Williamson & Associates.', u'Fugro deputy managing director Paul Kennedy said the sonar is running within its capabilities, noting the system identified', u'five "debris-like" objects in 700-metre deep water at a test range off the West Australian coast.', u'"The test range gives us full confidence the sonars will see the debris field when we cross it," he said.', u'WILD WEATHER', u'Fugro is known for its expertise in high-quality low-resolution mapping of sea floors but has far less experience than some of the rejected bidders in deepwater aircraft searches. It has been involved in 17 search and recovery efforts for aircraft or ships over 15 years, compared with some of the bidders who search for 4-5 aircraft every year.', u'Kennedy pointed to the find earlier this month of a previously uncharted shipwreck as evidence Fugro was capable of finding the plane.', u'Concerning experts further is the fact that the third Fugro vessel, which was being used to scan the gaps between the other two ships with an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV), was this month taken out of action because of encroaching wild winter weather.', u'That leaves the daily search without an AUV, a much more nimble piece of equipment that was vital in successful search for AF447.', u'"We are continuously reviewing the search data as it comes in and we are satisfied that the coverage and detection standards we have specified are being met or exceeded," ATSB Chief Commissioner Martin Dolan said in an email.', u'(This story has been corrected to make clear that Phoenix International found recorders of AF447)', u'(Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in PARIS; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u'F.C.C. Chief Seeks Broadband Plan to Aid the Poor'], [u'For 30 years, the federal government has helped millions of low-income Americans pay their phone bills, saying that telephone service is critical to summoning medical help, seeking work and, ultimately, climbing out of poverty. Now, the nation\u2019s top communications regulator will propose offering those same people subsidized access to broadband Internet.', u'On Thursday, that regulator, Tom Wheeler, chairman of the ', u', will circulate a plan to his fellow commissioners suggesting sweeping changes to a $1.7 billion subsidy program charged with ensuring that all Americans have affordable access to advanced telecommunications services, according to senior agency officials.', u'The effort is the F.C.C.\u2019s strongest recognition yet that high-speed Internet access is as essential to economic well-being as good transportation and telephone service. Mr. Wheeler will propose potentially giving recipients a choice of phone service, Internet service or a mix of both, the officials said. He will also suggest new measures to curb fraud, a source of criticism in recent years.', u'While the plan is likely to secure the support of the F.C.C.\u2019s Democratic majority in a vote next month, it is almost certain to also set off fierce debate in Washington. The subsidy program, ', u', has faced extensive scrutiny. And many of Mr. Wheeler\u2019s previous actions, including his successful push ', u', have drawn indignation from opponents.', u'More than 12 million households now participate in Lifeline, which was created in 1985 by the Reagan administration to subsidize landline telephone service. In 2008, the program was extended to cover the cost of mobile phones. Enrollment rose sharply \u2014 as did abuse, with some households receiving more than their single allowed subsidy. To qualify, a household must have an income at or below 135 percent of the federal poverty line, or must participate in a program like ', u' or food stamps.', u'Gene Kimmelman, who lobbied as a consumer advocate to create Lifeline, said the program was meant to keep people from having to choose between essentials like food, electricity and phone service. Now, he said, Internet access needed to be added to the list.', u'\u201cBroadband is every bit as important today as plain old phone service was 30 years ago,\u201d said Mr. Kimmelman, a former Justice Department official who is now chief executive of ', u', a consumer advocacy group.', u'Mr. Wheeler\u2019s proposal is an effort to bridge the so-called digital divide, the ever-widening economic and social inequalities of those with access to technology and those without it. In 2000, 3 percent of Americans had broadband at home, ', u'. In 2013, 70 percent did. But the adoption of broadband in low-income and minority households has not kept pace.', u'According to ', u' from 2013, the most recent year for which numbers are available, 54 percent of those making less than $30,000 a year have broadband, compared with 88 percent of those making more than $75,000. The same survey found that 53 percent of Hispanics and 64 percent of blacks in the United States have high-speed Internet at home, compared with 74 percent of whites.', u'For recipients like Sharell Harmon, a 23-year-old single mother from Elkins, W.Va., the Lifeline program has made a big difference.', u'\u201cWithout a phone, I couldn\u2019t connect with my job, my kids\u2019 doctors or their schools,\u201d said Ms. Harmon, who works full time in construction while pursuing a college degree. \u201cYou don\u2019t realize how many people you have to talk to until you can\u2019t.\u201d', u'Under her plan, she is entitled to 250 minutes of talk time and 1,000 text messages a month, limits she says she never comes close to crossing. But, Ms. Harmon said, she also needs high-speed Internet to feel fully connected and has struggled to pay her broadband bill.', u'\u201cEverything is online these days,\u201d said Ms. Harmon, who said she supported any effort to allow the subsidy to be applied to broadband. \u201cI take classes online, do my schoolwork. My kids play math and phonics games.\u201d', u'A vote on Mr. Wheeler\u2019s proposal is expected on June 18, according to the senior agency officials, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because they were discussing a plan that had not yet been circulated among all five commissioners. If the plan wins majority approval, as expected, the antifraud measures would take effect soon after. The commission would then discuss the specifics of incorporating broadband into the program, and write rules to govern it. A final vote on the plan could come before the end of the year.', u'The Lifeline program offers each household a $9.25 monthly subsidy toward the cost of service; it was not until 2008, when the benefit was extended to prepaid mobile phones, which cost less than landlines, that some phone connections became fully free for Lifeline recipients. Mr. Wheeler is proposing setting service standards, which could include a specified number of mobile minutes and minimum broadband speed. Debate over just how far a $9.25 credit can go in covering the cost of broadband is sure to arise.', u'The plan will almost certainly face strong criticism. Some Republicans recently expressed skepticism that the F.C.C. has fully rooted out abuse from the program. In April 2014, the Justice Department indicted three people on charges that they defrauded the agency of $32 million in false Lifeline claims from September 2009 to March 2011.', u'In 2012, the F.C.C. instituted stricter safeguards, including the establishment of a database that crosschecked that no household received more than one subsidy. In March, the Government Accountability Office issued ', u' evaluating the effect of those changes. It said that the number of participating households had fallen to about 12 million in 2014 from about 18 million in 2012, suggesting more households were being held to one subsidy.', u'\u201cThe reforms had some impact, but whether they\u2019ve reduced all of the fraud, we can\u2019t tell,\u201d said Michael E. Clements, an acting director at the G.A.O. who helped write the report. Mr. Clements said that of the 11 primary reforms the F.C.C. had said it would make in 2012, four had yet to be completed, according to his office\u2019s recent review.', u'In response to the report, Michael O\u2019Rielly, a Republican commissioner on the F.C.C., called the Lifeline program \u201cinefficient, costly and in serious need of review.\u201d', u'Mr. Wheeler\u2019s push for new safeguards may be partly an effort to pre-emptively answer the program\u2019s critics. Service providers currently must verify participants\u2019 eligibility for Lifeline, and under the new plan, they would be required to keep proof of that eligibility and make it available if audited, senior F.C.C. officials said.', u'There has been speculation in Washington for months about changes to the program. A Senate subcommittee hearing is already scheduled for June 2 to examine its effectiveness and ways to prevent further abuse. The office of the senator who called the hearing, Roger Wicker, Republican of Mississippi, did not respond to repeated requests for comment.', u'\u201cThe program has been under attack, and the F.C.C. is currently facing incredible political pressure,\u201d said Michael Scurato, policy director of the ', u'. \u201cIt wasn\u2019t always this contentious to make sure our neighbors in this country are connected to communications of the day.\u201d']), ([u'Keeping Your Classic Tech Devices Running'], [u'WHAT if planned obsolescence does not fit into your personal plans? Because of pragmatism, frugality, nostalgia or all of the above, some people just do not \u2014 or cannot \u2014 upgrade the latest version of a device or program, even when the manufacturer stops supporting its old products to focus on developing sleek new hardware and state-of-the-art software to sell.', u'For those who fall into that group, there\u2019s good news. There are mechanics who can keep your gear going. Solutions include experts who will pay a visit to fix devices like iPods, as well as mail-in repair services. Plus there are a host of how-to sites so you can solve problems yourself.', u'Fans of the iPod Classic may feel particularly concerned by the obsolescence trend, especially since Apple quietly discontinued the model last year. If ', u' at a nearby Apple Store is not an option, ', u', but said services for ', u' were limited to California customers \u2014 leaving owners elsewhere to find their own way through an inevitable future of dying batteries, failing hard drives and other symptoms of electronic old age.', u'Thankfully, there\u2019s a healthy support market, as well as repair professionals who have accumulated years of experience since the original chunky white iPod came out in 2001. Better yet, out-of-warranty enhancements (like swapping in flash drives for hard drives) can bolster the capabilities of the ancient iPods, and it is not hard to find someone to do the job.', u'\u201cI get a lot of requests for the bigger battery modification, which allows for 100 hours of play time on the iPod,\u201d said Demetrios Leontaris, the founder and owner of ', u' a Manhattan-based computer and electronics repair service he started in 2004. \u201cOccasionally, I get someone who wants a 240-gigabyte drive instead of the 160-gigabyte drive.\u201d', u'He charges about $190 for a 128-gigabyte flash storage upgrade and $110 for the bigger battery (or just $90 for the battery if that is purchased with the flash upgrade), and handles other ailments plaguing Apple devices, like smashed screens. Although Mr. Leontaris works from home with his mail-in repair service, he has a page of ', u' praising his on-the-spot house calls for customers primarily in Manhattan and Brooklyn, where he arrives with a supply of iPhone and iPod parts.', u'Although iPod repairs had dipped for a while, he has had a \u201c300 percent increase\u201d recently from customers who want to keep their older models working, he said. One recent customer even sought the revival of a first-generation five-gigabyte iPod. \u201cHis wife has passed away and it was sentimental to him, so we got the player back up and running,\u201d Mr. Leontaris said.', u'For people living in areas where technicians do not roam and repair shops are scarce, consider mail-in services like ', u', ', u'and ', u'. All three handle iPad and iPhone repairs.', u'Like iPod Classic owners, those still declining to upgrade from Windows XP are also living in a left-behind world, as Microsoft finally retired its support for the system in April 2014. Granted, if the computer is just used offline, it should be fine as long as it has no active Internet connection. People who still need to venture online should take extra safety precautions.', u'\u201cFor users that plan to continue to use XP, consider utilizing a software or hardware application to \u2018sandbox\u2019 your Internet activities from the rest of your computer,\u201d said Andrea Eldridge, the chief executive and co-founder of ', u', an on-site computer and laptop repair company. She suggested a $35 program called ', u', which puts the web browser in an isolated environment so that any malicious code from the Internet can\u2019t gain access to the operating system.', u'\u201cWhen you\u2019re done cruising the Net, empty the sandbox and it will remove anything that you installed or downloaded during your web surfing session,\u201d Ms. Eldridge said. As an alternative, she also suggested the ', u', a $50 bootable USB dongle running a secure version of the Linux operating system to use for safe surfing instead of the PC\u2019s browser.', u'Microsoft may have moved on, but several antivirus programs still support Windows XP machines in need of general protection. Of the available offerings, Ms. Eldridge liked ', u', which promises to continue support for XP until 2018, as long as the computer has Windows XP Service Pack 3 installed.', u'Hardware repair and upgrades for memory and hard-drive space are easy enough to get from places like Best Buy\u2019s ', u', or even by mail with sites like ', u'. If a professional repair service is beyond the budget, the do-it-yourself path remains. How-to sites like ', u' and ', u' or even YouTube videos posted by cheerful enthusiasts can light the way.', u'The community-driven iFixit.com has free illustrated instructions for repairing ', u', ', u', ', u' and other items. ', u' also abound, like the one for the infamous ', u' overheating issue with Microsoft\u2019s Xbox 360.', u'\u201cOn the \u2018Red Ring of Death,\u2019 we\u2019ve had 3,000 views in the past month,\u201d said Kyle Wiens, the site\u2019s founder and chief executive. \u201cThat means there\u2019s 3,000 people interested in fixing their Xboxes.\u201d To aid the repair work, iFixit sells the parts and tools needed to complete many of its repair guides; the complete ', u' is about $30.', u'For beleaguered owners of aging iPods, iFixit has ', u' devoted to the iconic media players. Mr. Wiens noted that the site\u2019s ', u' is popular, even though getting under the hood can take some effort. \u201cYou have to basically use a paint scraper to open the case,\u201d he said. \u201cThe Classic is hard to take apart, but the people who are fixing them are doing it in a rather determined fashion.\u201d', u'No matter your reason for keeping your old gear around, there\u2019s another benefit: one less chunk in the landfill of unrecyclable materials. Just tell the naysayers your device is not old \u2014 it\u2019s ', u'.']), ([u'Five Steps to Secure Your Data After I.R.S. Breach'], [u'The ', u' has been added to a long list of companies and government agencies that hackers have breached in the last year.', u'And so, if there is any advice security experts have for those trying to keep their personal information safe, it is simply: You can\u2019t.', u'\u201cYour information has already been out there for years, available to anyone who wants to pay a couple dollars,\u201d Brian Krebs, a security blogger who has been ', u', said Wednesday.', u'The ', u' is just the latest evidence that hackers already have all the information necessary to steal your identity. The agency said Tuesday that hackers used information stolen from previous breaches \u2014 including ', u' numbers, birth dates, street addresses and passwords \u2014 to complete a multistep authentication process and request tax returns and other filings.', u'But consumers can make things harder for criminals. There may be a trade-off in convenience, but experts say the alternative is a lot worse.', u'If a service offers added security features like multifactor authentication, turn them on. When you enter your password, you will receive a message, usually via text, with a one-time code that you must enter before you can log in.', u'Most banking sites and popular sites like Google, Apple, Twitter and Facebook offer two-factor authentication, and will ask for a second one-time code anytime you log in from a new computer.', u'Yes, you need to change passwords again and they have to be passwords you have never used before. They need to be long and not words you would find in a dictionary. The first thing hackers do when trying to break into a site is use computer programs that can test every word in the dictionary.', u'Password managers like ', u'or ', u'create long, unique passwords for the websites you visit and store them in a database that is protected by a master password you have memorized.', u'It may sound counterintuitive, but the truly paranoid write down their passwords.', u'Security experts advise creating anagrams based on song lyrics, movie quotations or sayings, and using symbols or numbers and alternating lower and upper cases to make the password more difficult. For instance, the \u201cCasablanca\u201d movie quotation \u201cOf all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, she walks into mine\u201d becomes OaTgJ,iAtT,iAtW,sWiM.', u'Use stronger, longer passwords for sites that contain the most critical information, like bank or email accounts.', u'Sites will often use security questions such as \u201cWhat was the name of your first school?\u201d or \u201cWhat is your mother\u2019s maiden name?\u201d to recover a user\u2019s account if the password is forgotten.', u'These questions are problematic because the Internet has made public record searches a snap and the answers are usually easy to guess.', u'In a recent study, security researchers at Google found that with a single guess, an attacker would have a 19.7 percent chance of duplicating an English-speaking user\u2019s answer to the question, \u201cWhat is your favorite food?\u201d (It was pizza.)', u'With 10 tries, an attacker would have a 39 percent chance of guessing a Korean-speaking user\u2019s answer to the question, \u201cWhat is your city of birth?\u201d and a 43 percent chance of guessing the favorite food.', u'Jonathan Zdziarski, a computer forensics expert, said he often answers these questions with an alternate password. If a site offers only multiple choice answers, or only requires short passwords, he won\u2019t use it.', u'\u201cYou can tell a lot about the security of a site just by looking at the questions they\u2019ll ask you,\u201d he said.', u'Typically a service will offer one year of free credit monitoring if it has been breached. But be aware that attackers do not dispose of your ', u' number, birth date or password a year after they acquire it.', u'It is better to monitor your credit aggressively at all times through free services like ', u'.', u'In the attack at the ', u', a credit freeze may not have thwarted thieves from filing for false tax refunds, but it could have stopped them from pulling tax transcripts or opening other accounts.', u'To freeze your credit, call Equifax, Experian or TransUnion and ask to have your account frozen. The credit agency will mail a one-time PIN or password to unfreeze your account later.', u'The fee to freeze and refreeze credit varies by state. If you plan on applying for a new job, renting an apartment or buying insurance, you will have to thaw a freeze temporarily and pay a fee to refreeze the account.', u'But if you have been a victim of identity theft, and can show a police report proving as much, most states will waive the freeze fee.']), ([u'Hiding Smartphone Photo Location Information'], [u' ', u' Smartphones have the ability to capture a lot of information about each photo snapped, including the camera\u2019s settings at the time and place the picture was taken. This material is commonly called \u201cmetadata\u201d or the ', u' (short for Exchangeable Image File) and it is stored within the image file itself. You can see the coordinates with a program that displays EXIF data, or even by looking at the photo\u2019s Properties or Info box on a Windows PC or Mac.', u'Having this information can be great if you want to easily arrange your geotagged photos on an online map, but not if you have privacy concerns. Someone could, in theory, copy the photo\u2019s listed longitude and latitude coordinates (like 40\xb0 44\u2019 52.8\u201d N 73\xb0 59\u2019 6\u201d W) into a program like Bing Maps and pinpoint the location in seconds. (Many social media sites, ', u', do strip out EXIF data from photos posted online.)', u'To stick with undisclosed locations, turn the GPS feature off entirely while you are taking pictures. Open your phone\u2019s Settings icon and select Location (on ', u' and ', u') or Privacy (on ', u') to get to the controls for Location Services.', u'If you prefer to leave the Location Services feature on because you use it for other programs, you can prevent your phone\u2019s camera app from using the information. The steps may vary based on the phone and the app involved, but if you do not see controls for the camera app in the Location Services area, check the separate settings for the camera app.', u' ', u' YouTube ', u' and according to ', u', it no longer supports older versions of its app used by certain smart televisions, Blu-ray players, set-top boxes and mobile devices. If your Smart TV was made in 2012 or earlier, it is likely among those products left by the wayside. First- and second-generation ', u' TV boxes, devices running iOS 5 and earlier, and the Sony PlayStation Vita have also been shut out.', u'Most smart television sets, Blu-ray players, game consoles and other gadgets made in 2013 or later (including the third-generation Apple TV) should still work with the built-in YouTube app. You may have to update the software in the device\u2019s settings area.', u'If your TV is one of the older models \u2014 but it has a web browser that supports HTML 5 or Adobe Flash \u2014 you might still be able to watch YouTube from its website. If not, investing in an inexpensive streaming device like the ', u' or ', u' can return YouTube to your TV.', u' Tired of flat overhead views in your Google Maps when you leave the Satellite mode? In the ', u' for Android and iOS, press two fingers and drag them up on the screen to ', u' and get more depth and a different perspective. You can still pinch and zoom in for a close-up in the tilted view, and use two fingers to spin the map around.', u'When you zoom in the tilted view, you can also see 3-D models of the buildings ', u' has added to many maps in populated areas, especially tall buildings in major cities. When you want to switch back to the flat, roadmap-style map view, drag your fingers from the top toward the bottom of the screen.']), ([u'Video Feature: Apps That Bring Science to Life'], [u'PHYSICS, chemistry, biology and lots of other sciences are behind almost every part of our technology-driven lives. But learning about those topics is often not easy, which is where tech steps in to help illuminate some of science\u2019s fascinating secrets.', u'One of my favorite science-based apps is The Elements in Action, which costs $4 on ', u'. You will probably remember the periodic table, where all 118 known elements \u2014 like hydrogen and helium, and including weird radioactive elements like einsteinium \u2014 are set out in a grid. The elements are the basic building blocks of everything you see around you.', u'This app brings 79 of the elements to life through videos that show some of their more amazing characteristics. For example, strontium is a metal that is soft, easy to cut and is so fiercely reactive in air that it quickly turns into an ashy white powder, as demonstrated in one of the app\u2019s videos. Each video is accompanied by clearly written text that gives more details about the element\u2019s characteristics.', u'The Elements in Action is easy to navigate and attractively designed. It is not going to bring you to a Ph.D. level in chemistry, but it can definitely teach you about dangerous elements, like mercury, without the risks of experimenting on your own.', u'Physics is sometimes called the mother of all sciences because its grand aim is to explain everything, including chemistry and other sciences. Learn Physics, whose basic version is free on ', u' and ', u', can help people master the basics.', u'The app takes a tutorial approach, breaking down subjects like Newton\u2019s laws of motion into smaller parts and explaining them, a bit like an intelligent textbook. There are clear diagrams that accompany the text and you can test your knowledge by trying the interactive quizzes in each section. To help you understand some of the math, there\u2019s a built-in calculator that lets you test different values when you\u2019re trying to figure something out.', u'The app is definitely not the prettiest and it does sometimes feel dry, and the embedded ads can get annoying. It also requires you to have at least a working knowledge of math. But it does cover a range of topics, like magnetism and thermodynamics. The full app is $1.', u'To gain an appreciation of how much science goes into everyday things, check out the Journeys of Invention. This is a ', u' that is jammed with information about the workings and history of a long list of inventions, like the telegraph and the lunar landers of the Apollo space program. The idea is that by looking back through the history of science and invention, you can see how earlier ideas led to modern ones. For example, we would not have movie theaters without the magic lantern invention of the 17th century.', u'Journeys of Invention uses photos, text and video to tell its many stories and to bring complex ideas alive in an interactive and modern way. Sometimes the explanations feel a little thin, and you will definitely find that you exit the app from time to time to do some web searches.', u'For a deeper and more traditional educational science app, look no further than Khan Academy. This online learning app uses narrated videos to teach topics like physics and chemistry, with each science broken down into smaller subjects like evolution or nuclear chemistry.', u'Khan Academy contains hour upon hour of high-quality lectures that may feel more approachable than any science lesson. A lot of the ideas in the app are complex and there is, unavoidably, some tricky math involved. But because you can switch among the different lessons at will, and stop the videos to look things up elsewhere, the app doesn\u2019t feel overly heavy or intellectual. The app is free on ', u' and there\u2019s also a free unofficial ', u'.', u'One great way to get children interested in science is through astronomy; stars are instantly fascinating. The Star Walk Kids app, which is ', u' and ', u', is an interactive sky map that tells you what you\u2019re looking at when you point your phone\u2019s camera at the night sky. It\u2019s intuitive to use, and you can learn more about sky objects, like planets, by tapping on them when they appear on screen. Star Walk Kids is slick, fun and its cartoony graphics can almost certainly teach little stargazers a thing or two.', u'The ticket-buying company StubHub has just undergone an overhaul to improve its user interface and bring more relevant event information in time for you to plan excursions to concerts or sports events. On iOS the app also includes Apple Watch integration for (hopefully) smoother entry into venues, as well as Apple Pay. StubHub is free on ', u' and ', u'.']), ([u'Nielsen to Measure Digital Ads in Partnership With Tencent'], [u"(Reuters) - Nielsen NV announced on Wednesday that it is partnering with Tencent Holdings Ltd to measure its digital audience in a move that could direct more ad dollars from companies in the United States to China's biggest social network.", u'Nielsen said it is launching its Digital Ad Ratings, which  tracks unique users, reach and frequency of a digital ad across computers, tablets and smartphones for the first time in China.', u'Comscore, which offers a similar service and competes with Nielsen, said it is already available in China.', u'The online gaming company Tencent, which also operates the popular mobile messaging app WeChat with 500 million monthly active users, has been making a big push to increase its advertising revenue especially through mobile.', u'"Until now there has been no independent, reliable rating currency by which to measure digital and mobile advertising," SY Lau, a senior executive vice president at Tencent, said in a statement.', u'Digital measurement is one of the tools used by advertisers to help plan campaigns and shed light on how well an ad does. It is a major factor in determining the cost of an ad.', u'"It\'s something that we have been waiting for," Anthony Ho, marketing director of media at Mondelez said in a statement. "It will make our advertising much more efficient."', u"Nielsen will measure an ad campaign in a combination of surveys, consisting of 46,000 Chinese consumers, and aggregated, anonymous data from Tencent's hundreds of millions of active users.", u'Pivotal Research Group Senior Research Analyst Brian Wieser wrote in a note in May that "Nielsen\'s campaign measurement tools continue to dominate the preferences of the largest brands, likely capturing a greater share of spending."', u'The company collaborated with publishers and advertisers in China when launching Digital Ad Ratings in the country, according to Megan Clarken, a Nielsen executive vice president of Global Watch Product Leadership. It plans to roll out the service to other companies in China.', u'Excluding Hong Kong, advertisers are expected to spend $31 billion on digital ads this year, according to research firm eMarketer.', u'Tencent, which has a market value of $190 billion and reported first-quarter online advertising revenue of $438.41 million competes with Alibaba Group Holding LTD and Baidu Inc.', u'(Reporting by Jennifer Saba in New York; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Periscope, Media Companies Talking About Anti-Piracy Tech'], [u'RANCHOS PALOS VERDES, Calif./NEW YORK \u2014  Live streaming-video app Periscope and media companies are discussing how to address piracy on the new service, but Periscope says technological fixes many programmers want are difficult to do in real time.', u'Periscope, which was bought by Twitter earlier this year, faced scrutiny after several high-profile television events, including the HBO prize fight between Floyd Mayweather Jr. and Manny Pacquiao and HBO\'s "Game of Thrones" April premiere, were illegally broadcast through the app, which sends a video stream from a phone directly to the Internet.', u'Media companies, many working with Periscope, are consistent in their demands for improvements, especially using technology to automate the takedown process, or removing unauthorized copyrighted material. A month ago HBO called for "tools that proactively prevent mass copyright infringement."', u'CBS CEO Les Moonves, speaking at the Re/code conference on Wednesday, said Twitter and Periscope need to respond to media companies\u2019 concerns.', u'And Walt Disney Co\u2019s ESPN, which is using Periscope to connect anchors with fans, voiced concerns about streaming apps.', u'"It would be really nice if our friends in the Valley would quit hiding behind the idea that they don\u2019t have to engage in the protection of intellectual property," ESPN President John Skipper said last week when asked about live-streaming apps during a discussion at the Paley Center for Media.', u"Periscope CEO Kayvon Beykpour told Reuters earlier this month that there is not enough piracy for it to be a major issue at Periscope and that the company's manual takedown process is working and able to respond in minutes.", u'Still, the company is working on tech fixes and holding "brainstorming sessions" with any television company that has issued takedown requests, which include HBO and CBS, he said, declining to offer details.', u'The law requires that unauthorized copyrighted material online be taken down within 24 hours, but programmers want faster action and Beykpour acknowledged "that\'s way too slow for live streaming".', u'"That\'s a process we\u2019re looking to improve with technology, but there\'s a lot of technical complexity in doing that," Beykpour said, noting that automating takedowns on Periscope is more complicated than it is on YouTube or similar platforms.', u'Beykpour said automated takedowns can affect legitimate content, and some complaints about broadcasts fall under a "gray area".', u'Video platforms such as YouTube and Ustream, an eight-year-old live streaming-video platform, have technology that automatically takes down copyrighted material, and they give some media companies ways to issue quick requests for action.', u'David Gibbons, vice president of marketing at Ustream, said it was "not really that challenging" for his company to implement a special portal for takedown notices or automatically sweep for material infringing copyright.', u'Beykpour and Twitter CEO Dick Costolo are scheduled to address piracy concerns Thursday at a technology conference.', u'(Additional reporting by Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'Wearable Fitness Tracker Maker Fitbit Sued by Rival Jawbone'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Wearable fitness tracking device maker Fitbit Inc is being accused by rival Jawbone of attempting to steal core confidential data about Jawbone's business, according to a lawsuit filed on Wednesday.", u"The lawsuit, filed in San Francisco Superior Court, alleges Fitbit engaged in a clandestine effort to steal talent, trade secrets and intellectual property. A number of recently departed employees used USB thumb drives and other tactics to take information about Jawbone's supply chain, gross margins, product lineup and market predictions, the lawsuit said.", u"Fitbit, which makes both wristbands and clippable devices that monitor a user's fitness activity, filed for an initial public offering earlier this month. The company's revenue almost tripled to $745.4 million in 2014 and it posted a profit of $131.8 million.", u'Fitbit representatives could not immediately be reached for comment.', u'Jawbone, which also makes fitness tracking devices, is seeking unspecified compensatory and punitive damages, along with an order prohibiting former Jawbone employees from disclosing additional trade secrets.', u'The lawsuit was reported earlier by the New York Times.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine in San Francisco and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel and Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u"All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny"], [u"SYDNEY \u2014  Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean.", u'The Australian-led search, already the most expensive in aviation history, has found no trace of the Malaysia Airlines jet or its 239 passengers and crew, prompting calls for a rethink into the way the mission is conducted.', u'Experts involved in past deep water searches say the search to find MH370 could easily miss the plane as Dutch company Fugro NV, the firm at the forefront of the mission, is using inappropriate technology for some terrain and inexperienced personnel for the highly specialized task of hunting man-made objects.', u"Heightening concerns, Australian authorities said on Wednesday that another search vessel, the Go Phoenix, which is using the world's best deep sea search equipment and crew provided by U.S. firm Phoenix International Holdings Inc, would pull out within weeks. No reason was given for withdrawing the vessel from the quest.", u'"Fugro is a big company but they don\'t have any experience in this kind of search and it\'s really a very specialized job," said Paul-Henry Nargeolet, a former French naval officer who was hired by France\'s air accident investigation agency BEA to co-ordinate the search and recovery of Air France Flight AF447 in 2009.', u'"This is a big job," Nargeolet told Reuters. "I\'m not an Australian taxpayer, but if I was, I would be very mad to see money being spent like that."', u'Fugro, which was contracted by the Australian government to operate three ships pulling sonar across the vast 60,000-km search zone, has rejected claims it is using the wrong equipment, saying its gear is rigorously tested.', u"Still, Nargeolet's concerns are echoed by others in the tightly held deepsea search and rescue industry, who are worried that unless the search ships pass right over any wreckage the sonar scanning either side of the vessels won't pick it up.", u'Experts also question the lack of data released by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) on the activities of the Fugro ships.', u"Three of the bidders rejected for the MH370 contract, U.S. firm Williamson & Associates, France's ixBlue SAS and Mauritius-based Deep Ocean Search Ltd, have taken the unusual step of detailing their concerns - months down the track - directly to Australian authorities in correspondence viewed by Reuters.", u'Several other experts are also critical, including some who requested anonymity, citing the close knit nature of the industry which has just a few companies and militaries capable of conducting deepwater searches.', u'"I have serious concerns that the MH370 search operation may not be able to convincingly demonstrate that 100 percent sea floor coverage is being achieved," Mike Williamson, founder and president of Williamson & Associates told Reuters.', u'DIVING INTO THE UNKNOWN', u'Australia took over the search for the missing plane from Malaysia in late March last year, three weeks after MH370 disappeared off the radar during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.', u'The search area was determined by satellite data that revealed the plane turned back sharply over the Malaysian Peninsula and flew undetected for another six hours before crashing into the inhospitable southern Indian Ocean.', u'The unchartered waters, buffeted by the Roaring Forties winds, stretch as deep as 6 km, hiding old volcanoes and cliffs in their depths. Australia, Malaysia and China earlier this month agreed to double the search area to 120,000 sq km.', u'Whether Phoenix International, which has U.S. navy contracts and found AF447, will be part of that extended search area is unclear after the ATSB said that Go Phoenix, owned by Australian firm Go Marine, will cease operating on June 19. Phoenix International, which was contracted separately by the Malaysian government, did not immediately return calls about its position. The Malaysian government also did not reply to requests for comment.', u'Two of the Fugro ships traverse up and down 2.4 km-wide strips of the sea floor, pulling via a cable a "towfish" that contains sonar equipment, in a technique often called "mowing the lawn".', u'The towfish coasts around 100 meters above the sea floor, sending out sound waves diagonally across a swath, or broad strip, to produce a flattened image of the seabed.', u'The Fugro ships are using sonar provided by EdgeTech, the same U.S. company whose sonar was used successfully to find Air France AF447 after it crashed in the Atlantic Ocean.', u'However, experts say while the type of sonar equipment being used by Fugro gives good results in flat surfaces, it is less well-suited to rugged underwater terrain, a world of confusing shadows.', u"The ATSB has routinely released detailed data from Go Phoenix, but has not done so for the Fugro ships. Experts have cobbled together an analysis from glimpses of the sonar use and data in videos and images posted to the ATSB website. From that, they've gauged the EdgeTech sonars are operating at swathes beyond their optimum capabilities, resulting in poor quality images and leaving side gaps in coverage.", u'"It makes no sense to be using fine scale tools to cover a massive area;\xa0it is like mowing an entire wheat field with a household lawnmower," said Rob McCallum, a vice-president at Williamson & Associates.', u'Fugro deputy managing director Paul Kennedy said the sonar is running within its capabilities, noting the system identified', u'five "debris-like" objects in 700-metre deep water at a test range off the West Australian coast.', u'"The test range gives us full confidence the sonars will see the debris field when we cross it," he said.', u'WILD WEATHER', u'Fugro is known for its expertise in high-quality low-resolution mapping of sea floors but has far less experience than some of the rejected bidders in deepwater aircraft searches. It has been involved in 17 search and recovery efforts for aircraft or ships over 15 years, compared with some of the bidders who search for 4-5 aircraft every year.', u'Kennedy pointed to the find earlier this month of a previously uncharted shipwreck as evidence Fugro was capable of finding the plane.', u'Concerning experts further is the fact that the third Fugro vessel, which was being used to scan the gaps between the other two ships with an autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV), was this month taken out of action because of encroaching wild winter weather.', u'That leaves the daily search without an AUV, a much more nimble piece of equipment that was vital in successful search for AF447.', u'"We are continuously reviewing the search data as it comes in and we are satisfied that the coverage and detection standards we have specified are being met or exceeded," ATSB Chief Commissioner Martin Dolan said in an email.', u'(Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in PARIS; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u'A Murky Road Ahead for Android, Despite Market Dominance'], [u'In 2005, ', u' bought a tiny mobile software company named Android, and almost nobody in the technology industry saw its potential \u2014 not even Eric Schmidt, ', u'\u2019s chairman and then chief executive. \u201cOne day Larry and Sergey bought Android, and I didn\u2019t even notice,\u201d Mr. Schmidt ', u', referring to Larry Page and Sergey Brin, Google\u2019s founders.', u'A company spokesman later assured me that Mr. Schmidt was joking; Android reportedly cost at least $50 million, a big enough sum for the chief to get involved. But the joke suggests how little regard even Google\u2019s executives held for Android a decade ago. Android, software that runs smartphones, tablets and a variety of other machines, was a side bet, and few considered it consequential to the search company\u2019s fortunes.', u'Things have changed. In an era ruled by portable computers, Android has become essential to Google\u2019s future. Like an unstoppable friendly bacteria advancing upon a powerless host planet, Android, in the last five years, has colonized much of the known world. Android is now not just the globe\u2019s most popular smartphone operating system but the most popular operating system of any kind. More than a billion Android devices were sold in 2014, ', u' ', u' ', u'. That\u2019s about five times the number of ', u' iOS devices sold, and about three times the number of Windows machines sold.', u'In other words: About one of every two computers sold today is running Android. Google\u2019s once underappreciated side bet has become Earth\u2019s dominant computing platform.', u'Yet all is not well on planet Android. On the eve of Google IO, the company\u2019s annual developer conference that starts Thursday, where Android will once again be a primary topic of discussion, cracks are emerging in Google\u2019s hold over the operating system. Google\u2019s version of Android faces increasing competition from hungry rivals, including upstart smartphone makers in developing countries that are pushing their own heavily modified take on the software. There are also new threats from ', u', which has said that its recent record number of ', u' sales came, in part, thanks to people switching from Android.', u'Hanging over these concerns is the question of the bottom line. Despite surging sales, profits in the Android smartphone business declined 44 percent in 2014, ', u' the independent analyst Chetan Sharma. Over the holidays last year, according to the research firm Strategy Analytics, Apple vacuumed up nearly 90 percent of the profits in the smartphone business. The stark numbers prompted a troubling question for Android and for Google: How will the search company \u2014 or anyone else, for that matter \u2014 ever make much money from Android?', u'Google is sanguine about Android\u2019s prospects and said the company\u2019s original vision for Android was never solely about huge profits. \u201cThe bet that Larry, Sergey and Eric made at the time was that smartphones are going to be a thing, there\u2019s going to be Internet on it, so let\u2019s make sure there\u2019s a great smartphone platform out there that people can use to, among other things, access Google services,\u201d said Hiroshi Lockheimer, Google\u2019s vice president for engineering for Android.', u'Google points out that its bet has benefited users. The fact that Google does not charge for Android, and that few phone manufacturers are extracting much of a profit from Android devices, means that much of the globe now enjoys decent smartphones and online services for low prices. So we should all be thankful for Google\u2019s largess \u2014 but, at the same time, ', u', we might also wonder how long that largess can continue.', u'Google faces several major Android-related headaches. First, while Google makes most of its revenue from advertising, Android has so far been an ad dud compared with Apple\u2019s iOS, whose users tend to have more money and spend a lot more time on their phones (and are, thus, more valuable to advertisers). Because Google pays billions to Apple to make its search engine the default search provider for iOS devices, the company collects much more from ads placed on Apple devices than from ads on Android devices. A recent analysis by Goldman Sachs estimated that Google collected about $11.8 billion on mobile search ads in 2014, with about 75 percent coming from ads on iPhones and iPads.', u'A brighter spot for Google is the revenue it collects from sales via Android\u2019s app store, called Google Play. For years, Android apps were a backwater, but sales have picked up lately. In 2014, Google Play sold about $10 billion in apps, of which Google kept about $3 billion (the rest was paid out to developers). Apple makes more from its App Store. Sales there exceeded $14 billion in 2014, and rising ', u' sales in China have led to ', u'. Still, Google\u2019s app revenue is becoming ', u', and it is also growing rapidly.', u'Google is investing heavily to make sure that continues. Purnima Kochikar, business development director for Google Play, told me her team supporting Android app makers grew \u201cby 15 times\u201d in the last two and a half years. She added that even if hot Silicon Valley start-ups still create apps for iOS first, app makers in other parts of the world see Android as a surer path to the masses. \u201cThe reality is that folks like you should play a role in educating the Silicon Valley,\u201d she said.', u'But how long Google can expect Play to keep paying remains an open question, thanks to the second Android-related headache. Google\u2019s strategy of giving Android to phone makers free has led to a surge of new entrants in the phone business, several of which sell high-quality phones for cut-rate prices. Among those is Xiaomi, a Chinese start-up making phones that have become some of the most popular devices in China.', u'Because Xiaomi and others don\u2019t make much of a profit by selling phones, they\u2019re all looking for other ways to make money \u2014 and for many, the obvious business is in apps offering mail, messaging and other services that compete with Google\u2019s own moneymaking apps.', u'The situation is especially painful for Google in China, the world\u2019s fastest-growing smartphone market, where Google\u2019s apps are blocked. Even in the rest of Asia, where many low-cost phone manufacturers do include Google\u2019s apps on their phones, there\u2019s growing interest in finding some alternative to Google\u2019s version of Android. About 30 percent of Android smartphones shipped in the last quarter of 2014 were actually modified, or forked, versions of the OS that may not be very hospitable to Google\u2019s services, ', u'. To address this problem, last year the company began a program, Android One, to get its services on high-quality, low-priced phones aimed at the developing world.', u'One software start-up, Cyanogen, has raised about $100 million from several investors \u2014 and has signed a \u201cstrategic partnership\u201d with Google\u2019s arch-competitor Microsoft \u2014 to sell phone makers an alternative user interface that works on top of Google\u2019s Android.', u'\u201cWe share services revenue with the phone makers \u2014 and today they get very little of that from Google,\u201d said Kirt McMaster, Cyanogen\u2019s chief executive. \u201cThere are very few companies in the world today that really like Google. Nobody wants Google to run the table with this game. So it\u2019s a good time to be a neutral third party. We\u2019re Switzerland, and we want to share that revenue with our ecosystem partners in a meaningful way.\u201d', u'Google, for its part, said there was ample room in the Android world for a variety of services to thrive. \u201cIt\u2019s up to any party in these ecosystems to figure out how they want to make money,\u201d Mr. Lockheimer said.', u'The final threat for Google\u2019s Android may be the most pernicious: What if a significant number of the people who adopted Android as their first smartphone move on to something else as they become power users? In Apple\u2019s last two earnings calls, Timothy D. Cook, the chief executive, reported \u201ca higher rate of switchers than we\u2019ve experienced in previous iPhone cycles.\u201d Apple has not specified the rate of switching, but a survey by Cowen & Company found that 16 percent of people who bought the latest iPhones previously owned Android devices; in China, that rate was 29 percent.', u'For Google, this may not be terrible news in the short run. If Google already makes more from ads on iOS than Android, growth in iOS might actually be good for Google\u2019s bottom line. Still, in the long run, the rise of Android switching sets up a terrible path for Google \u2014 losing the high-end of the smartphone market to the iPhone, while the low end is under greater threat from noncooperative Android players like Xiaomi and Cyanogen.', u'Android has always been a tricky strategy; now, after finding huge success, it seems only to be getting even trickier.']), ([u'Software Glitch Can Cause iPhones to Crash'], [u"A newly-discovered glitch in Apple's software can cause iPhones to mysteriously shut down when they receive a certain text message.", u"Apple says it's aware of the problem and is working on a fix. But some pranksters are sharing information about the glitch on social media and using it to crash other peoples' phones.", u"The problem only occurs when the iPhone receives a message with a specific string of characters, including some Arabic characters, according to several tech blogs. When an iPhone isn't being used, it typically shows a shortened version of the message on the phone's lock screen. That shortened combination of characters apparently triggers the crash.", u'Affected phones will restart automatically. Owners can prevent the problem by using phone settings to turn off message "previews".']), ([u'Apple Finds Bug That Causes iPhones to Crash'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc has found a bug which can cause iPhones to crash when a message containing a specific string of text is received.', u'The bug, which includes symbols and Arabic characters, was first reported by Apple news blog MacRumors on Tuesday night, adding that it was noticed on social news hub Reddit earlier in the day.', u'"We are aware of an iMessage issue caused by a specific series of unicode characters and we will make a fix available in a software update," an Apple spokesperson said in an e-mail.', u'Sending a reply message or having someone send you a message can solve the problem, MacRumors added.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru)']), ([u'U.S. Safety Agency Urges Pilots to Avoid Distracted Flying'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. safety officials on Wednesday reminded pilots to look out for other planes and make their own aircraft known during flights, saying air collisions can occur if pilots are distracted by cell phones, tablets or other wireless devices.', u'After four small-plane collisions that caused eight deaths, the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) issued an official "safety alert" advising pilots to maintain fundamental "see and avoid" vigilance by scanning for traffic throughout a flight, using lights and clearly communicating their intentions.', u'"Accidents have occurred in which pilots operating near one another did not maintain adequate visual lookout," the federal safety agency said.', u'"The presence of technology has introduced challenges to the see-and-avoid concept. Aviation applications on portable electronic devices such as cell phones, tablets, and handheld  GPS units, while useful, can lead to more head-down time."', u'NTSB pointed to four collisions involving Piper or Cessna aircraft that have occurred over the past four years. Three of the mishaps proved fatal.', u'In the deadliest accident, a pilot and three passengers were killed in 2011 near Talkeetna, Alaska, when their Cessna 180 collided with a Cessna 206 about 900 feet (274 meters) above ground.  NTSB said the pilots of the two single-engine aircraft were monitoring different radio frequencies and failed to see each other. The airline-rated pilot of the Cessna 206 was not injured.', u'Commercial airline pilots increasingly are using tablet computers in the cockpit in place of paper flight plans and navigation charts. But, under Federal Aviation Administration rules, the devices are not allowed for personal communications or activities.', u'The devices are allowed for general aviation, including small planes, but the pilot is responsible for determining whether a device\u2019s electronics will interfere with flight instruments.', u'Software makers have produced a host of pilot applications for phones and tablets that offer radar and navigation services, approach charts, terrain awareness and weather graphics.', u'(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u"Apple SVP Says Car Is 'Ultimate Mobile Device'"], [u'RANCHOS PALOS VERDES, Calif \u2014  A senior Apple executive said developing a car would be the "ultimate mobile device" when asked about new products at a technology conference on Wednesday.', u'In April, analysts at investment-research firm Sanford C. Bernstein issued a report that outlined several reasons why Apple may build a car that would compete with major automakers. Apple has not commented on the rumors, but Jeff Williams, senior vice president of operations, hinted at an Apple car on Wednesday when asked on stage what Apple would do with its $100 billion in cash.', u'"The car is the ultimate mobile device, isn\u2019t it?" Williams said. "We explore all kinds of categories. We\u2019ll certainly continue to look at those, and evaluate where we can make a huge difference."', u"Williams later said Car Play, Apple's car-connected app, was so far the extent of Apple's vehicle efforts.", u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Chris Reese)']), ([u'Avago Nears Deal for Fellow Chipmaker Broadcom: Sources'], [u"(Reuters) - Avago Technologies Ltd is close to an agreement to acquire fellow chipmaker Broadcom Corp, people familiar with the matter said on Wednesday, in a deal that could boost Avago's clientele of top-tier smartphone companies.", u'A deal between Avago and Broadcom could come as early as this week, the people said, cautioning that the negotiations had not yet been finalized. The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment.', u"Shares of Broadcom soared almost 20 percent to $56.40 while Avago's rose 9 percent to $143.29 on Wednesday afternoon after the Wall Street Journal first reported on the news. Avago and Broadcom now have market capitalizations of $36 billion and $34 billion respectively.", u'Irvine, California-based Broadcom makes semiconductors for a variety of products, including set-top boxes, cell phones and network equipment. It is best known for its connectivity chips which integrate Wi-Fi and Bluetooth technology, which are used widely in top-tier smartphones made by Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.', u"After losing ground to Qualcomm Inc in modem technology in phones, Broadcom shut down that unit and cut a fifth of its workforce last year. Avago could now seek to capitalize on synergies with Broadcom's storage business.", u"Avago had been seeking to buy a large chipmaker, Reuters reported this month, and approached companies including Xilinx Inc, Japan's Renesas Electronics Corp and Maxim Integrated Products Inc.", u'Avago, which develops semiconductor devices for the wireless and industrial markets, has been looking at expanding in areas ranging from analog semiconductors to radio frequency technology.', u'The company bid for Freescale Semiconductor Ltd earlier this year, before NXP Semiconductors NV bought it for $11.8 billion.', u'Worldwide semiconductor M&A reached $31 billion last year, the most since 2011, according to Thomson Reuters data.', u'(Reporting by Greg Roumeliotis in New York; Additional reporting by Liana B. Baker in New York and Sai Sachin R and Anya George Tharakan in Bangalore; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'FCC Looks to Crack Down on Robocalls, Robotexts'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The top U.S. telecommunications regulator wants to make it harder for telemarketers and other businesses to place unwanted robocalls and text messages under changes to autodialing rules proposed on Wednesday.', u'The Federal Communications Commission plans to vote on June 18 on the proposal, which would give legal cover to telephone companies to offer consumers technologies that would block robocalls, regardless of where they originate.', u'"The FCC wants to make it clear: Telephone companies can \u2013 and in fact should \u2013 offer consumers robocall-blocking tools," FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler said in a blog post.', u'The wireless carriers have worried that blocking automated calls could be construed as violations of the law that requires them to ensure that all calls placed over their networks reach their intended recipients.', u'The proposal would also reassert that consumers have to agree to receive automated calls and texts and clarify that they can revoke their consent in any "reasonable" way, including a simple request for calls to stop, without the need to file convoluted paperwork.', u'Robocalls and robotexts are by far the most common cause of consumer complaints at the FCC, topping 215,000 in the last year alone. Consumer advocates and the majority of U.S. states attorneys general had pressed the FCC to clarify the robocall rules.', u'Numerous business associations, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, have also pushed for clarifications, facing a growing number of lawsuits prompted by violations such as calling cellphone users whose numbers used to belong to someone else.', u"The FCC's proposal would reassert that companies should try to avoid numbers reassigned to consumers who have not agreed to receive their calls. If they do not know that a number has been reassigned, they are allowed one call to find out.", u'The business community had also complained that some lawsuits unfairly target them for using dialing technologies that could be modified to become autodialers. FCC officials said any technology with the capacity to dial random or sequential numbers qualifies as an autodialer, even if it would require modification.', u'U.S. law prohibits telemarketing calls to both landline and cellphones of consumers who have not given written consent.', u'Cellphone users are also protected from unwanted autodialed and prerecorded calls and texts that are "informational," including those related to politics or debt collection. The law allows such informational calls to landline home phones.', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Additional reporting by Dena Aubin in New York; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u"Judge Sets Release Schedule for Clinton's State Department Emails"], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. District Judge Rudolph Contreras on Wednesday set a schedule for the State Department to release former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails in monthly batches beginning on June 30 and ending in late January.", u'By January 29, 100 percent of approximately 55,000 pages of emails must be made public, according to a filing in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia.', u"Some of the emails, which were kept on Clinton's private server, were already released on Friday, and in a filing on Tuesday the State Department said it expected to complete the release of all the messages by January 2016.", u'(This version of the story adds dropped word from headline)', u'(Reporting by Lisa Lambert; Editing by Susan Heavey)']), ([u"For London's Fashion Start-Ups, It's Being Social That Counts"], [u'LONDON \u2014  When Chris Morton was setting up a fashion e-commerce company five years ago, he spent a lot of time listening to online music service Spotify.', u'He realized the web player was doing something fashion sites were not; it was curating playlists of tracks, from obscure and mainstream labels, tailored to his tastes.', u'This idea led to the creation of Lyst, a website that enables its community to shop from an inventory of millions of items, follow designers and create personalized lists of brands to buy from. It already has 3 million users a month, and Morton aims to grow to around 20 million in the next five years.', u'"These\xa0are a little bit like fashion mix tapes," he said. "They are collections of items curated by our brands or partners that are great ways to discover."', u'While Spotify was an inspiration for Morton, other London-based online retail entrepreneurs, like Farfetch founder and CEO Jos\xe9 Neves, are using tricks learned from social media to create fashion communities that together discover, share and, most importantly, buy.', u'The web-based fashion and footwear market in Britain was worth $13.2 billion in 2014, according to business research firm Euromonitor International. It predicts that the sector will grow to $16.7 billion by 2019, while sales at traditional stores are forecast to slip slightly over the same period.', u'Established high street names like Next are already strong in online, as are e-commerce specialists like ASOS, but venture capital funding is backing newer models.', u'"The UK has produced some of the most successful fashion tech companies," said Camilla Dolan, Investment Manager at MMC Ventures, which has more than 125 million pounds ($192 million) under management, including at sustainable fashion company Wool and the Gang.', u'"We are seeing more innovation in London than most markets from a fashion perspective. We think London is stronger and think it will continue to be stronger," she added.', u"Balderton Capital, one of Europe's biggest tech venture capital firms with around $2.3 billion of assets under management, has also identified fashion technology as a growth area. Its fashion investments include Lyst and mobile, social and fashion-focused Depop.", u'Sam Myers, an associate at Balderton Capital, said that while the first generation of e-commerce sites focused on getting the logistics right, newer models were delivering on the whole experience.', u'"We now see companies like Lyst, for example, that are focusing exclusively on the consumer pathway. So how do we make sure that discovery is perfect for the individual, how do we make sure that they can gather the items that they want to purchase in the future and then actually have a universal checkout at the end?"', u'COMMUNITIES INTO CUSTOMERS', u'The most successful start-ups use social media networks, particularly image-based Instagram, which has some 300 million active users, to create communities who share like-minded interests, and can be converted into customers.', u'"Instagram first and foremost is a community," said Mark D\'Arcy, chief creative officer for Facebook and Instagram, adding that many people follow others on the site who they do not know, but who they admire or who they share a passion with.', u'"That\'s an extraordinary opportunity for a brand to get an open invitation to contribute to that."', u'Wool and the Gang, which was set up in 2008 and has tapped into the growing popularity of knitting as people seek fashion with a traditional feel, has a big presence on Instagram.', u'Co-founder Jade Harwood said that photos of some 63 percent of all orders will end up posted online.', u'"With social media, I think it gives you the power to create your own story. You are not at the mercy of (fashion) editors and so I think that\'s amazing."', u"Euromonitor has started to look at a new category s-commerce, where 's' stands for social, as an innovative part of the retail landscape.", u'Farfetch, which was founded in 2008 and has an annual revenue growth rate of around 90 percent, works by allowing fashion boutiques to personalize their offerings online through individual "shop fronts".', u'"If you look at all the innovations in fashion e-commerce you\'ll find many came from Europe; it\'s in our DNA," said Farfetch\'s Neves, who, like Morton, operates his business from Shoreditch -- a trendy hipster enclave in London\'s east end.', u'"Shoreditch has a really healthy tech landscape which gets funding and has talent," he said.', u"Germany's Rocket Internet, which has invested in more than 100 e-commerce start-ups, has recently consolidated its fashion start-ups active across dozens of emerging markets into a single unified company, Global Fashion Group.", u'It is locating the group headquarters in London, from where it runs corporate functions and recruiting.', u"But it's not just start-ups who want a piece of the social commerce action.", u'Long-established online luxury retailer Net-a-Porter has launched a social networking app which allows users to upload photos, follow friends and style influencers, and buy items with a single click.', u'"Why wouldn\'t you harness the power of people\'s influence and let them shop alongside each other and bring that pastime into the digital world?" said Alexandra Hoffnung, creative director of social commerce at the London-based firm.', u'($1 = 0.6514 pounds)', u'(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Crispian Balmer)']), ([u'Yahoo Must Face Email Spying Class Action: U.S. Judge'], [u'(Reuters) - A U.S. judge ordered Yahoo Inc to face a nationwide class-action lawsuit accusing it of illegally intercepting the content of emails sent to Yahoo Mail subscribers from non-Yahoo Mail accounts, and using the information to boost advertising revenue.', u'In a decision late Tuesday night, U.S. District Judge Lucy Koh in San Jose, California said people who sent emails to or received emails from Yahoo Mail subscribers since Oct. 2, 2011 may sue as a group under the federal Stored Communications Act for alleged privacy violations.', u"She also said a class of non-Yahoo Mail subscribers in California since Oct. 2, 2012 may sue as a group under that state's Invasion of Privacy Act.", u'Holders of non-Yahoo Mail accounts accused Yahoo of copying and then analyzing their emails, including keywords and attachments, with a goal of creating "targeted advertising" for its estimated 275 million Yahoo Mail subscribers, in addition to detecting spam and malware.', u'They sought an injunction barring the alleged interceptions, as well as damages. Yahoo in 2014 generated 79 percent of its revenue from search and display advertising.', u'A class action can make it easier to obtain larger damages and more sweeping remedies at lower cost. The plaintiffs estimated that the nationwide class of non-Yahoo Mail subscribers has more than 1 million members.', u'Rebecca Neufeld, a Yahoo spokeswoman, said the Sunnyvale, California-based company cannot comment on active litigation.', u"Koh rejected Yahoo's arguments that some plaintiffs consented to its activity by emailing Yahoo subscribers even after learning how it used the information, and that the alleged injuries were too disparate to justify class certification.", u"She distinguished the case from her March 2014 refusal to certify a similar class action against Google Inc on behalf of Gmail and non-Gmail subscribers because it was hard to determine which users consented to Google's activity.", u'"Yahoo may have to, as a practical matter, adjust its scanning practices on an individual basis," Koh wrote. "That', u'does not, however, change the fact that plaintiffs seek uniform relief from a common policy that Yahoo applies to all class members."', u'Daniel Girard, a lawyer for the plaintiffs, declined to comment.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'Toshiba Considers Special Dividend to Make Up for No Year-End Payment: Sources'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japanese industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp is considering paying a special dividend to compensate investors after skipping a year-end payment due to a probe into accounting irregularities, sources familiar with the situation said.', u'The company has set up a third-party committee to conduct an independent inquiry into book-keeping errors that led to profits being overstated by at least $415 million in recent years.', u'The company has delayed its fourth-quarter earnings announcement and suspended a year-end dividend payment due to the investigation. So far, it has said it was likely to mark down operating profit by at least 50 billion yen ($415 million) for the three years through March 2014.', u'The sources said that Toshiba executives were considering a way to compensate investors after the investigation is done and if results, once announced, show its finances are strong enough.', u'Toshiba declined to comment on possible dividend payments, saying the investigation was still ongoing.', u'Separate sources, including a regulator and senior company official, said on Tuesday that the inquiry was likely to take more than a month, meaning Toshiba would be unable to file its annual report, the equivalent of a Form 10-K, before the end of June as required.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Shares of Toshiba, whose businesses extend from laptop computers to nuclear power plants, have slid about 20 percent since it disclosed an initial internal probe in early April.', u'(Reporting by Reiji Murai and Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Xiaomi Tests Online European Market With Small Accessories'], [u"(Reuters) - Xiaomi [XTC.UL], China's largest smartphone maker, is testing the European market with its online store offering fitness bands, headphones and power banks in France, Germany and the UK.", u'Xiaomi, whose products on ', u' start at $10, said it does not plan to sell major items including smartphones and tablets in Europe and the United States yet, as "smartphones are a lot more complex to introduce to a new market."', u'"It requires much more time to localize smartphones at the hardware level, and carry out certification processes," a Xiaomi spokesperson told Reuters on Wednesday.', u"Xiaomi, which started an online store in the United States earlier this month, will announce the website's launch in Europe in the near future, the spokesperson said.", u"The company's Mi devices, which scored with Chinese users because of their low costs and Xiaomi's heavy reliance on user interaction and feedback, are now sold online across Asia, including most recently India.", u'(Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bangalore and Eric Auchard in Germany; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u'Cost of Data Breaches Increasing to Average of $3.8 Million, Study Says'], [u'(Reuters) - The cost of data breaches is rising for companies around the world as sophisticated thieves target valuable financial and medical records, according to a study released on Wednesday.', u'The total average cost of a data breach is now $3.8 million, up from $3.5 million a year ago, according to a study by data security research organization Ponemon Institute, paid for by International Business Machines Corp.', u'The direct costs include hiring experts to fix the breach, investigating the cause, setting up hotlines for customers and offering credit monitoring for victims. Business lost because customers are wary after a breach can be even greater, the study said.', u'Data breaches are becoming more common and significant, with high-profile attacks on Sony Corp, JPMorgan Chase and retailers Target Corp and Home Depot Inc in the past year and a half.', u'"Most of what\'s occurring is through organized crime," said Caleb Barlow, vice president of IBM Security. "These are well-funded groups. They work Monday to Friday. They are probably better funded and better staffed than a lot people who are trying to defend against them."', u'IBM, which sells cyber-security services to companies, has a vested interest in highlighting the costs of data breaches.', u'The cost of a data breach is now $154 per record lost or stolen, up from $145 last year, according to the study, based on interviews with 350 companies from 11 major countries that had suffered a data breach.', u"The study's authors said average costs did not apply to mega-breaches affecting millions of customers, such as those suffered by JPMorgan Chase, Target and Home Depot, which cost the companies far greater sums. Target alone said last year its breach cost $148 million.", u'The study found that the healthcare was most at risk for costly breaches, with an average cost per record lost or stolen as high as $363, more than twice the average for all sectors of $154.', u"That reflects the relatively high value of a person's medical records on the underground market, said IBM, as ", u' information is much more useful for identity theft than simple names, addresses or credit card numbers.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby in Seattle; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u"Nokia's Network Arm to Buy Eden Rock Communications"], [u'HELSINKI \u2014  Nokia is buying U.S. company Eden Rock Communications to boost its offering in its mainstay telecoms network equipment business, the Finnish company said on Wednesday.', u'Nokia did not disclose the value of the deal but said the transaction is expected to be completed in the third quarter of the year.', u"Nokia said Eden's products provide automation, performance improvements and reliability to mobile broadband networks.", u'(Reporting By Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by David Goodman)']), ([u'Orange Sees No Need for More Spanish Assets After Jazztel Buy'], [u'MADRID \u2014  French telecoms group Orange said on Wednesday it saw no need to buy further assets in Spain following a takeover of Spanish rival Jazztel which was approved by the Spanish regulator on Tuesday.', u'Orange said it expected to merge its Spanish business with Jazztel if the takeover went ahead and it would likely take Jazztel private if it got big demand for its offer.', u'(Reporting by Andres Gonzalez, writing by Sonya Dowsett; editing by Julien Toyer and Jason Neely)']), ([u"Novartis Digs Into Health Tech With Bet on 'Robotic Pill'"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Swiss drugmaker Novartis is raising its bet on smart technology by collaborating with U.S. start-up Rani Therapeutics on a \u201crobotic pill\u201d for complex biotech drugs that would normally have to be given by injection.', u'Rani said it would run feasibility studies over the next 18-24 months to evaluate how selected Novartis biologic medicines can be delivered into the bloodstream using its unique device.', u'The Rani capsule, which is swallowed like a conventional pill, contains tiny needles made of sugar that are pushed into the wall of the intestine to deliver the drug.', u"The U.S. company, whose backers include Google's venture capital unit, believes its early-stage technology could be used with insulin and a range of other injected medicines, including treatments for rheumatoid arthritis, psoriasis and multiple sclerosis.", u'Delivering large-molecule biologic drugs by mouth has long been a dream for the pharmaceutical industry, since it would increase convenience dramatically. But so far scientists have struggled to make it work, since the medicines are normally destroyed in the stomach.', u'For Novartis, the tie-up is a long-term bet on a technology that might just transform medicine delivery several years down the road.', u"The Swiss company is also participating in a fresh fundraising round for Rani and has the right to enter into a more extensive collaboration, or license Rani's technology for specific uses, if early tests prove promising.", u'Novartis Chief Executive Joe Jimenez told Reuters last November that health tech was a growing focus for his group.', u'It is already involved in another high-tech pill technology through an agreement with Proteus Digital Health to develop tablets containing embedded microchips that can tell if patients have taken their medication.', u"Last year, Novartis signed a deal with Google to develop contact lenses to help diabetics track blood glucose levels or restore the eye's ability to focus.", u"The drugmaker's interest in technology comes at a time when tech companies are increasingly pushing from the other direction in an effort to find new ways for patients to monitor their own health and track chronic conditions using smart devices.", u'Businesses such as Apple, Samsung and Google are all seeking health-related applications for their wearable products.', u'(Reporting by Ben Hirschler; Editing by Tom Heneghan)']), ([u'Review: Online Stylists for the Shopping-Averse'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Though my grandmother was a fashion designer, I hate buying clothes, and I still wear outfits from high school \u2014 in the last century.', u"Even so, I have long been intrigued with Stitch Fix, an online styling and clothing-delivery service that many friends recommend. This spring, it added maternity wear as an option, which gave me just the right excuse to give it a shot (I'm due in the fall). For comparison, I tried Keaton Row, an online service that pairs you up with a real-life stylist.", u'Both services are for women; men have their own such as Trunk Club. With Stitch Fix, you have no obligation to keep any clothes sent to you, though there\'s a $20 "styling fee" for each delivery \u2014 which can be applied toward the first $20 worth of clothing you buy. Unlike many other subscription services, Stitch Fix doesn\'t require a monthly delivery (that would be a lot of clothes). Instead, you schedule a "Fix" whenever you wish. Keaton Row is free, and the stylist gets a commission if you buy any of the recommended clothes.', u'___', u"WHAT'S YOUR STYLE?", u"At Stitch Fix, you begin with a style profile. What's your size? What's your body type? What's your preferred fit \u2014 showing your figure, or mostly loose?", u"You then rate seven collections of clothes so Stitch Fit can get a sense of what you like. That part was easy, as I hated almost everything \u2014 let's just say I'm picky. The only collection I loved included worn jeans, a mustard circle scarf and a brown leather purse that could easily pass for a guy's bag.", u'Next, Stitch Fix asked how often I dress for occasions such as work (most of the time), or "cocktail/wedding/special" (rarely). You\'re asked about your price range and various body parts \u2014 as in show them off, or keep them covered. The exercise was fun, as it\'s not something I think about a lot.', u'Keaton Row\'s initial questionnaire wasn\'t as extensive. Besides sizing, color preferences and body parts I want to highlight or camouflage, it asked me for "style goals." I didn\'t think "uhh, I hate shopping and want some new clothes and not spend a ton of money" was that helpful so I pulled the pregnancy card and said I don\'t like frilly, overly feminine stuff. I guess I don\'t have any style goals.', u'I was then shown five jackets and five dresses and had to pick my favorite of each. I was stumped again for the second question \u2014 "Which LBD would you feel most confident wearing?" \u2014 until I figured out that LBD stands for "little black dress."', u'If Stitch Fix is for the shopping-averse/busy/lazy lady, Keaton Row seems better suited for the woman who has an idea of what she wants.', u'___', u'UH-OH: HUMAN INTERACTION', u'Stitch Fix uses human stylists and computer programs to pick out your clothes.', u'On Keaton Row, you are assigned a freelance stylist. I chose an introductory phone call instead of an emailed questionnaire, figuring it would go faster. Had I done the questionnaire, I would have had to say what my "style icons" are and what I would change about my current look, if anything.', u"During the call, I felt stumped by what I think would be basic stuff for many people. I don't have any favorite designers. Put on the spot, I couldn't even name a single designer. Versace something? I couldn't remember where I shopped. Thrift stores? Random places when I'm on vacation? This isn't really helping, is it?", u"Still in the denial phase of pregnancy, I think I also told her I don't want maternity clothes. I just want stuff that will fit me either way. Oh, and let's not forget, I don't have a lot of money to spend. Good luck with that.", u'___', u'THE RESULTS', u"My poor Keaton Row stylist offered recommendations with personalized notations and links to buy items online through such retailers as ShopBop and Nordstrom (again, the stylist gets a commission). To get the items, I had to go to each store's website separately, enter my payment info and pay for shipping besides the cost of the item. For someone who hates shopping, it felt an awful lot like shopping.", u'She recommended 11 maxi dresses, 15 tops and shorter dresses and six summer jackets, plus some necklaces. I bought just one dress for $84, which is generally more than what I like to spend.', u"I felt guilty I couldn't buy more given all the work she put in. It was as though I was shopping in a boutique, where a nice sales rep spends an hour picking out things I couldn't afford. In other words, it was the exact thing I was trying to avoid in the first place.", u'When it comes to fun, convenience and ease-of-use, Stitch Fix is the clear winner. I received a box of five carefully packaged items, as though Christmas came early. Each item looked like a slightly higher-quality version of what I might already have in my closet: a pair of stretchy skinny jeans with an elastic waist, a gold-toned necklace, a gray-black striped maternity top, a classy black cotton jersey top and a black printed pencil skirt, also not-obviously but definitely maternity.', u"Prices ranged from $28 to $78. I would have gotten a 25 percent discount had I kept all five, so my total would have been $202.50. Exercising some self-control, I kept just three. I put the rest in the pre-addressed return pouch provided and dropped it off at the post office. I can't wait to sign up for another shipment \u2014 but I hope I don't accidentally become an avid shopper."]), ([u'Cyberattack Exposes I.R.S. Tax Returns'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Criminals used stolen data to gain access to past tax returns of more than 100,000 people through an application on the ', u'\u2019s website, the agency said on Tuesday.', u'Using ', u' numbers, birth dates, street addresses and other personal information obtained elsewhere, the criminals completed a multistep authentication process and requested the tax returns and other filings, the I.R.S. said. Information from those forms was used to file fraudulent returns, the I.R.S. said, and the agency sent nearly $50 million in refunds before it detected the scheme.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re confident that these are not amateurs,\u201d John Koskinen, the I.R.S. commissioner, said. \u201cThese actually are organized crime syndicates that not only we but everybody in the financial industry are dealing with.\u201d', u'The agency has opened an investigation into the breach and has temporarily shut down the Get Transcript application, which was used to gain access to the information. Old tax returns are sometimes needed to apply for college loans or mortgages, and taxpayers can still request the records by mail.', u'More than 200,000 attempts to view the past returns using stolen information were made from February to mid-May, and about half were successful. It is unclear whether the criminals were operating inside or outside the United States.', u'Dealing with fraudulent tax claims has been a challenge for the I.R.S. as online crime has grown more sophisticated in recent years. The agency paid $5.8 billion in falsely claimed refunds in 2013.', u'\u201cEighty percent of the ', u' we\u2019re dealing with and refund fraud is related to organized crime here and around the world,\u201d Mr. Koskinen said at a news conference on Tuesday. \u201cThese are extremely sophisticated criminals with access to a tremendous amount of data.\u201d', u'The I.R.S. said the attackers exploited data, like email addresses and passwords gleaned from other breaches, to answer basic authentication questions about subjects like birth dates or the names of family members. After recent breaches at the health insurer Anthem and Home Depot, security experts note that users\u2019 personal information is now widely available to hackers, who can buy it from criminal websites.', u'\u201cThis is a wake-up call that breaches have a compounding effect and the stakes are getting higher,\u201d said Eric Chiu, a security expert who is the president of HyTrust, a cloud computing security company. \u201cAttackers are on the hunt for our personal and financial information using data stolen from other breaches to gain a larger amount of information on those same individuals.\u201d', u'The consequence, Mr. Chiu said, \u201ccould be devastating to consumers \u2014 attacks can potentially open new accounts, siphon off funds and ultimately steal identities of victims.\u201d', u'After the I.R.S. disclosed the breach, security experts criticized the agency for not adding more context to the authentication questions, or using a so-called multifactor system that sends users a second password via their mobile phone. Experts also criticized the agency for not deploying technology that looks for suspicious activity, such as multiple sign-in attempts from the same device, or encrypting sensitive information.', u'But Mr. Koskinen said that the I.R.S. had stopped almost three million suspicious returns this year, and officials say that new computer filters that look for anomalies have helped prevent identity theft.', u'Senate Finance Committee aides said Mr. Koskinen called the committee\u2019s chairman, Senator Orrin G. Hatch, Republican of Utah, late last week to notify him of the breach. The committee kept it quiet while law enforcement officials opened the investigation.', u'Word of the breach prompted Republicans to increase their attacks on the tax collection agency, which has faced criticism since revelations that the I.R.S. had intentionally targeted political organizations for extra scrutiny of their tax-exempt applications.', u'\u201cThat the I.R.S. \u2014 home to highly sensitive information on every single American and every single company doing business here at home \u2014 was vulnerable to this attack is simply unacceptable,\u201d Mr. Hatch said. \u201cWhat\u2019s more, this agency has been repeatedly warned by top government watchdogs that its data security systems are inadequate against the growing threat of international hackers and data thieves.\u201d', u'But the breach is also likely to prompt the Obama administration to redouble its efforts to increase the I.R.S.\u2019s budget, which has been cut 18 percent since 2010, adjusting for inflation. Since 2010, the agency has shed more than 13,000 employees, or 14 percent of the work force, with nearly 10,000 lost jobs coming from the enforcement staff, which is down 20 percent since 2010.', u'Representative Sander M. Levin, Democrat of Michigan and the ranking member of the House Ways and Means Committee, said he had spoken with Mr. Koskinen, who assured him that the I.R.S. was getting to the bottom of the problem. \u201cIt is important that members of Congress work together to ensure that the I.R.S. has adequate resources to carry out the vital priority of protecting confidential taxpayer information,\u201d Mr. Levin said.', u'The agency sent letters to the taxpayers whose accounts had been compromised, and it will offer them free credit monitoring. The I.R.S. said its main computer system, which handles tax filings, had not been breached.', u'\u201cDuring this filing season, taxpayers successfully and safely downloaded a total of approximately 23 million transcripts,\u201d the agency said.']), ([u'Obama Administration Asks U.S. Top Court to Decline Google Copyright Appeal'], [u"WASHINGTON/SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry, according to a court filing.", u'The case involves how much copyright protection should extend to the Java programing language. Oracle won a federal appeals court ruling last year that allows it to copyright parts of Java, while Google argues it should be free to use Java without paying a licensing fee.', u'Google, which used Java to design its Android smartphone operating system, appealed to the U.S. Supreme Court. The high court then asked the Obama administration in January for its opinion on whether it should take the case because the federal government has a strong interest.', u'The Federal Trade Commission, for instance, must ensure companies do not break antitrust laws when claiming software copyright protection against each other.', u'According to Google, an Oracle victory would obstruct "an enormous amount of innovation" because software developers would not be able to freely build on each others\' work. But Oracle says effective copyright protection is the key to software innovation.', u"In the court filing on Tuesday, U.S. Solicitor General Donald Verrilli said Google's argument that the code is not entitled to copyright protection lacks merit and did not need to be reviewed by the Supreme Court.", u'Verrilli added that Google had raised important concerns about the effect that enforcement of Oracle\'s copyright could have on software development, but said those issues could be addressed via further proceedings on Google\'s separate "fair use" defense in San Francisco federal court.', u'The Supreme Court could better assess the issues, Verrilli said, if it had all relevant legal arguments before it at the same time.', u'The Obama administration had been locked in internal wrangling over what position to take in the high-profile litigation between the two American technology companies.', u'Google has a close relationship with the Obama administration. However, there is no indication that the internal debate on software copyright involves any issues beyond legal policy.', u"The nine justices request that Verrilli, as the Obama administration's top lawyer before the Supreme Court, weigh in on about 20 cases a year in which the federal government has a strong interest.", u'The justices generally give greater weight to what a solicitor general says than other third parties that take a side in a case. This influence has caused the solicitor general to be dubbed the "10th justice."', u'The Supreme Court is expected to decide whether to hear the case by the end of its term in June.', u'"We appreciate the solicitor general\'s careful review of this issue, however we\'re disappointed with these conclusions," Google said in a statement.', u'Oracle said it was "pleased" with the recommendation, which "affirms the importance of copyright protection as an incentive for software innovation."', u'The case is Google v. Oracle, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 14-410.', u'(Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'Vox Media Acquiring Tech News Website Re/code'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Vox Media, owner of The Verge and other websites, is acquiring Revere Digital, the company that owns technology news website Re/code, according to a post on the Re/code website on Tuesday.', u"Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal exchanged its minority interest in Re/code for shares in Vox Media, a source familiar with the transaction said.", u'"We want to assure you that this combination is designed to bolster and enrich Re/code, and that we will continue to publish under the same name and leadership, with editorial independence," Re/code journalists Walt Mossberg and Kara Swisher wrote. (', u')', u'Vox Media confirmed the purchase in a press release. Terms of the deal were not disclosed.', u"Re/code said it would occasionally collaborate with The Verge, Vox Media's tech news website. While Re/code will focus on the business of technology, The Verge will cover technology from a lifestyle perspective, Re/code said on Tuesday.", u"Re/code will continue to hold its Code conferences, industry conferences where the journalists interview top technology executives, the statement from the website said. It will eventually migrate to Vox Media's publishing platform, which it said will provide new ways to present news.", u"When Re/code was launched 18 months ago, Mossberg and Swisher held majority ownership, with Comcast Corp's NBCUniversal and Windsor Media sharing a minority stake.", u'(Reporting by Lisa Richwine in Los Angeles and Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Cynthia Osterman and Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u'Snapchat CEO Says Company Plans to IPO, Does Not Specify When'], [u'RANCHOS PALOS VERDES, Calif. \u2014  Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel said on Tuesday the company plans to have an initial public offering but did not specify when that would happen.', u'"We have to IPO," Spiegel said during a talk at a technology conference hosted in Ranchos Palos Verdes, Calif., by technology online-only publication Re/code.', u'"It\'s just another dot on the list of things to do," Spiegel added.', u'In 2013, Snapchat turned down a $3 billion offer from Facebook to acquire the company. Alibaba poured $200 million into the ephemeral photo- and video-sharing app in March at a valuation of $15 billion.', u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'Tech Blog Spinoff Re/code Is Acquired by Online Media Chain'], [u"Tech news blog Re/code said Tuesday it's been acquired by online publishing company Vox Media, just 18 months after spinning off from its former parent, The Wall Street Journal.", u'Vox operates several news and entertainment sites, including The Verge, which also covers tech news. In an online statement, Re/code founders Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg said they will continue to operate their site separately but may occasionally collaborate with The Verge.', u'Re/code has focused on tech companies and business news, while The Verge reports from a culture and lifestyle perspective.', u'Terms of the acquisition were not disclosed.', u'Swisher and Mossberg started their blog at The Wall Street Journal, which is owned by News Corp., where it was known as AllThingsD. Since the spinoff, Re/code has continued to stage successful industry conferences and earned a reputation for breaking exclusive stories. But its readership has lagged.', u'Re/code had 1.5 million unique visitors in April, compared with 12 million for the Verge and 53 million for all Vox sites combined, according to the comScore research service.', u'Another tech news site, GigaOm, shut down earlier this year. A number of other news sites continue to cover the tech industry in New York and Silicon Valley, and some have added staff in recent months.']), ([u'HR Software Maker Workday Forecasts Weak Billings Growth'], [u'(Reuters) - Human resource software company Workday Inc forecast current-quarter billings below market expectations and reported a bigger quarterly net loss due to higher spending on marketing and product development.', u'Shares of Workday, which makes software to manage employee performance, payroll and expense, fell 8.5 percent in extended trading.', u"The company said it expected billings, a key indicator of the company's future sales, to be $290 million-$295 million in the second quarter ending July.", u"That number fell below market research firm FactSet StreetAccount's estimate of $303 million, FBR Capital Markets analyst Samad Samana said, adding that billings forecast for the full year had fallen short as well.", u'The company also forecast current-quarter revenue of $270 million-$274 million. Analysts on average had expected revenue of $272.4 million.', u'"We believe that the general outlook was for a beat-and-raise type of quarter, and they fell short of that," Samana said.', u'Workday forecast revenue of $1.125 billion-$1.145 billion for the year ending January. Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $1.14 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'The company, whose rivals include SAP SE and Oracle Corp, said net loss widened by 3.6 percent to $61.6 million, or 33 cents per share in the first quarter ended April 30, from a year earlier.', u'Total costs rose 43.7 percent to $304.4 million, with sales and marketing costs rising about 39 percent.', u"The company's revenue, however, rose 57 percent to $251 million, helped by strong subscription growth for its web-based human resource management software.", u'Analysts on average had expected revenue of $245 million.', u'Subscription revenue rose 63 percent to $201 million, said Workday, which counts Coca-Cola Co and Bank of America Corp among its customers.', u'On an adjusted basis, Workday reported a loss of 2 cents per share, smaller than the average analyst estimate of a loss of 8 cents.', u"Workday's shares, which have risen more than 13 percent this year, closed at $92.49 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.", u'(Additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Fire Extinguished at Apple Site in Arizona-Local ABC Station'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  Firefighters fought a blaze that erupted at an Apple Inc facility in Mesa, Arizona on Tuesday, local station ABC15 reported.', u'The fire appeared to be out, but fire personnel remained on the scene, the station reported on Twitter.', u'(Reporting by Lisa Richwine; Editing by Chris Reese)']), ([u'TiVo Profit, Revenue Beat Estimates on Subscriber Growth'], [u'(Reuters) - Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, helped by higher subscriptions.', u'Shares of the company, which also said it bought Poland-based Cubiware, rose 6.2 percent in extended trading on Tuesday.', u"TiVo's set-top boxes are in high demand from cable users as they also allow access to online video services such as Netflix Inc, Hulu and Google Inc's YouTube.", u"The company's total subscriptions rose about 27 percent to 5.8 million in the first quarter ended April 30.", u'TiVo, whose clients include DirecTV, is trying to partner with more cable TV operators to grow its business.', u'TiVo sells subscriptions directly to consumers with its video recorders and also licenses its technology to cable TV operators that rent recorders to subscribers.', u'The company sells its products through cable TV partners such as Virgin Media in the UK, ONO in Spain and Com Hem AB in Sweden.', u'TiVo said the acquisition of Poland-based Cubiware would allow it to expand into 25 countries.', u'Cubiware, which provides software for pay-TV operators, has customers across Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Asia.', u'"We will continue to look at acquisitions that we think make strategic sense," TiVo Chief Executive Tom Rogers said in an interview, adding that the company is looking at "a lot of things."', u'TiVo expects the deal to add to adjusted EBITDA in the year ending Jan. 31.', u"TiVo's net income fell to $7.9 million in the first quarter, from $8.1 million a year earlier, hurt by higher costs. On a per-share basis, however, profit rose by a cent to 8 cents on lower share count.", u'Total revenue costs rose about 16 percent to $44.1 million.', u'Net revenue rose about 7.2 percent to $114.7 million.', u'Analysts on average had expected a profit of 7 cents per share and revenue of $91.5 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u"The San Jose, California-based company's shares, which closed at $10.36 on the Nasdaq, were at $10.84 after the bell.", u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'TrueCar Sees May Site Traffic to Reach Record 6.2 Million Unique Visitors'], [u'(Reuters) - U.S. online car shopping service TrueCar Inc said it expected site traffic to reach record high levels in May, helped by a spike in visitors during the ', u' weekend.', u'The company said total number of unique visitors to TrueCar sites are expected to rise 40 percent to 6.2 million in May from a year earlier, boosted by holiday deals from automakers, partner promotions and incentives.', u'The company said there was a spike in visitor traffic during the Memorial Day weekend, helped by a co-branded campaign with the United Services Automobile Association (USAA), a San Antonio, Texas-based financial institution serving current and retired members of the military.', u'"Initial weekend data show that total sales delivered by all dealers in our network worked out to two (cars) per minute," said Chief Executive Scott Painter.', u'TrueCar has nearly 11,000 certified franchise and independent dealers across the United States.', u'(Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru)']), ([u'EMC to Buy Virtustream for $1.2 Billion to Expand Cloud Offerings'], [u'(Reuters) - Data storage products maker EMC Corp said it would buy privately held Virtustream for about $1.2 billion in cash to expand its cloud offerings.', u'EMC has been looking to strengthen its cloud services offerings as it struggles with slowing sales growth in its main data storage products business.', u'The company said on Tuesday that Virtustream would operate as its new managed cloud services business after the transaction closes.', u"Virtustream was founded in 2009 by Chief Executive Rodney Rogers and Chief Technology Officer Kevin Reid. The company's customers include the Coca-Cola Co, Intel Corp, Heinz and Hess Corp.", u'"With the addition of Virtustream, EMC will enable customers to move their entire application portfolio into a cloud environment," EMC said.', u"The company said the deal, expected to close in the third quarter, was expected to add to its revenue and profit in 2016. The deal will have no material impact on EMC's 2015 results, the company said.", u'EMC, which reported slowing sales growth for the past two quarters, slashed its full-year revenue and profit forecasts in April.', u'Virtualization software maker VMware Inc, in which EMC holds an 80 percent stake, reported its slowest revenue growth in seven quarters in April, hurt by sluggish technology spending and a stronger dollar.', u'EMC has been facing pressure from activist investor Elliott Management Corp to spin off VMware. EMC has decided not to spin off the business, Reuters reported in February, citing sources close to matter.', u"EMC's shares were up about 1 percent at $27.04 in premarket trading on Tuesday.", u'(Reporting by Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'Foxconn Plans 10-12 New Indian Facilities by 2020: Chairman'], [u"GUIYANG, China \u2014  Taiwan's Foxconn Technology, the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer, is aiming to develop 10-12 facilities in India, including factories and data centres, by 2020, Chairman Terry Gou said on Tuesday.", u'The company could spend a "few billion dollars" on developing the facilities, said Gou, whose company\'s listed flagship unit is Hon Hai Precision Industry.', u'"A lot of our customers, especially Chinese customers, need us to manufacture ... in India, to make phones, tablets, TVs, as soon as possible," Gou said in an interview on the outskirts of Guiyang in China\'s southern Guizhou province, where the company already operates a manufacturing plant and data centre.', u"The announcement makes Foxconn the latest tech powerhouse to set its sights on the world's second-most populous nation. It follows smartphone company Xiaomi Inc, which in March announced plans to begin manufacturing in India.", u"Foxconn's move comes as it grapples with rising expenses at its 25 manufacturing sites in China, where wages have more than doubled since 2010.", u'The Indian expansion plans come soon after the company closed a mobile phone plant in southern India, prompting protests from some of the workforce of about 1,700 people. Foxconn did not elaborate on the reasons for the closure beyond citing changes in its customer base.', u'It was not immediately known how many jobs the proposed new plants would eventually create.', u"Gou emphasised that in addition to Chinese brands, Foxconn is aiming to cooperate with local companies such as Micromax Informatics, which ranks second to Samsung Electronics as India's largest smartphone maker.", u"The new Indian plants will be modelled on Foxconn's Guiyang facility, Gou said. That plant is part of the company's push to develop China's less-industrialised interior, which includes a factory producing iPhones for Apple.", u'No concrete deal has been reached, but Foxconn is already conducting feasibility studies for the investments and Gou said he hopes to sign a contract by the end of this year.', u'(Writing by Michael Gold in Taipei and Nicholas Heath in Beijing; Editing by David Goodman)']), ([u'Toshiba to Seek Extension for Annual Filing Deadline: Sources'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan's Toshiba Corp is likely to seek an extension for its annual securities filing deadline amid a probe of past accounting irregularities, seeking to avoid being placed under supervision by the Tokyo bourse, sources said on Tuesday.", u'The industrial conglomerate has set up a third-party committee to conduct an independent inquiry into book-keeping errors that led to profits being overstated by at least $415 million in recent years.', u'Sources, including a regulator and senior company official, said the inquiry was likely to take more than a month, meaning Toshiba would be unable to file its annual report, the equivalent of a Form 10-K, before the end of June as required.', u'A delayed filing would mean its annual general meeting for shareholders, normally held in late June, could also be pushed back although it could hold a ceremonial meeting without discussing earnings.', u'"We do not yet have visibility into whether we can finalize earnings and file the annual report by end-June," said the company official, who requested anonymity because no decision had yet been made.', u'The government is likely to grant an extension, sources said. The company has already announced it was delaying its fourth-quarter earnings announcement and suspending a year-end dividend payment.', u'If Toshiba fails to secure an extension, missing the end-June filing deadline would automatically place the shares under supervision.', u'Even if the government grants an extension, however, investors said they feared Toshiba shares could still temporarily end up under supervision if the third-party investigation leads to a massive restatement.', u'So far, the company has said it was likely to mark down operating profit by at least 50 billion yen ($415 million) for the three years through March 2014, an amount investors have previously said was not a big deal.', u'Few fund managers have specific rules banning them from holding shares under supervision, but many surveyed by Reuters on Tuesday said they would be cautious about adding any shares in such a situation their portfolios.', u'Shares of Toshiba, whose businesses extend from laptop computers to nuclear power plants, have slid about 20 percent since it disclosed an initial internal probe in early April.', u'The probe has provided an unwelcome reminder of previous investigations that turned into major corporate scandals. In the highest profile case in recent years, camera and medical equipment maker Olympus Corp in 2011 admitted to a 13-year cover-up that hid $1.7 billion in losses.', u'(Reporting by Reiji Murai and Takahiko Wada; Writing by Ritsuko Ando, editing by David Evans)']), ([u'U.S. Top Court Rules Against Cisco Systems in Patent Infringement Fight'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled against Cisco Systems Inc over a patent infringement claim the tech giant is fighting.', u'On a 6-2 vote, with Justice Stephen Breyer recused from the case, the court threw out a ruling by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit in favor of Cisco. There is now likely to be a new trial.', u"The case concerns a patent held by Commil USA LLC on a way to improve the implementation of a wireless network where multiple access points are needed. Commil sued Cisco for patent infringement and induced patent infringement based on the network equipment maker's use of similar technology.", u'In April 2011, a jury awarded Commil almost $63.8 million in damages. A judge subsequently added $10.3 million in interest.', u'In June 2013, the appeals court ordered a retrial, concluding in part that Cisco should be allowed to mount the "good faith" defense.', u"The high court ruled in an opinion written by Justice Anthony Kennedy that Cisco's belief that the patent was invalid was not a legitimate defense.", u'Washington-based intellectual property lawyer William Jackson said the ruling means "the patent owner must merely prove that the other party knew of the patent and intended to induce infringement - not that the party had any particular belief about validity."', u'The ruling "restores common sense to patent litigation," said Commil\'s attorney, Mark Werbner.', u'Seth Waxman, one of Cisco\'s lawyers, said the ruling "simply eliminates one of many defenses available to Cisco, which looks forward to retrial of the case."', u'In a brief filed at the invitation of the high court, the U.S. government had warned that companies accused of inducing patent infringement were likely to raise the "good faith" defense in most cases, if not all of them.', u'The court appeared to buy that argument, with Kennedy writing that if Cisco prevailed on its theory, there would be "negative consequences" in other cases.', u'"It can render litigation more burdensome for everyone involved," Kennedy said of the good faith defense.', u'The case was closely watched by Silicon Valley and biotechnology firms.', u'Justice Antonin Scalia wrote a dissenting opinion in which he was joined by Chief Justice John Roberts.', u'Scalia said the ruling would benefit so-called patent trolls, companies that hold patents only for the purpose of suing firms seeking to develop new products.', u'The case is Commil v. Cisco, U.S. Supreme Court, No. 13-896.', u'(Reporting by Lawrence Hurley; Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'EU to Continue With Tax Study Even After Amazon Changes'], [u"BRUSSELS \u2014  The European Commission said on Tuesday it would continue its investigation into Luxembourg's tax treatment of Amazon after reports the online retailer had changed its tax practices in Europe.", u'The Commission launched an in-depth investigation last October into alleged state aid Luxembourg was granting to Amazon by offering a low corporate tax rate on European profits, most of which are booked in the Grand Duchy.', u'"The Commission\'s state aid investigation is ongoing and will continue. We are examining the concerns that the tax ruling granted by Luxembourg to Amazon is providing the company with selective advantages," said Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso.', u'Several media reported on Tuesday that Amazon would in future pay corporate tax where the sales actually took place, such as Britain, Germany, Italy and Spain.', u'"In the context we will of course consider any changes to Amazon group\'s tax structure. However, these changes going forward do not affect the ongoing EU state aid investigation regarding the possible advantage Amazon would potentially have received in the past through the tax ruling," Cardoso said.', u'The Commission is also investigating the tax treatment of Fiat Chrysler in Luxembourg, Apple in Ireland and Starbucks in the Netherlands.', u"It is also looking into Belgium's tax arrangements for multinationals.", u'(Reporting by Philip Blenkinsop; Editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek and Mark Potter)']), ([u'Plane Safe? Hacker Case Points to Deeper Cyber Issues'], [u'(Reuters) - Security researcher Chris Roberts made headlines last month when he was hauled off a plane in New York by the FBI and accused of hacking into flight controls via his underseat entertainment unit.', u'Other security researchers say Roberts - who was quoted by the FBI as saying he once caused "a sideways movement of the plane during a flight" - has helped draw attention to a wider issue: that the aviation industry has not kept pace with the threat hackers pose to increasingly computer-connected airplanes.', u'Through his lawyer, Roberts said his only interest had been to "improve aircraft security."', u'"This is going to drive change. It will force the hand of organizations (in the aviation industry)," says Jonathan Butts, a former US Air Force researcher who now runs a company working on IT security issues in aviation and other industries.', u'As the aviation industry adopts communication protocols similar to those used on the Internet to connect cockpits, cabins and ground controls, it leaves itself open to the vulnerabilities bedevilling other industries - from finance to oil and gas to medicine.', u'"There\'s this huge issue staring us in the face," says Brad Haines, a friend of Roberts and a security researcher focused on aviation. "Are you going to shoot the messenger?"', u'More worrying than people like Roberts, said Mark Gazit, CEO of Israel-based security company ThetaRay, are the hackers probing aircraft systems on the quiet. His team found Internet forum users claiming to have hacked, for example, into cabin food menus, ordering free drinks and meals.', u'That may sound harmless enough, but Gazit has seen a similar pattern of trivial exploits evolve into more serious breaches in other industries. "It always starts this way," he says.', u'ANXIOUS AIRLINES', u"The red flags raised by Roberts' case are already worrying some airlines, says Ralf Cabos, a Singapore-based specialist in inflight entertainment systems.", u'One airline official at a recent trade show, he said, feared the growing trend of offering inflight WiFi allowed hackers to gain remote access to the plane. Another senior executive demanded that before discussing any sale, vendors must prove their inflight entertainment systems do not connect to critical flight controls.', u'Panasonic Corp and Thales SA, whose inflight entertainment units Roberts allegedly compromised, declined to answer detailed questions on their systems, but both said they take security seriously and their devices were certified as secure.', u'Airplane maker Boeing Co says that while such systems do have communication links, "the design isolates them from other systems on planes performing critical and essential functions." European rival Airbus said its aircraft are designed to be protected from "any potential threats coming from the In-Flight-Entertainment System, be it from Wi-Fi or compromised seat electronic boxes."', u'Steve Jackson, head of security at Qantas Airways Ltd, said the airline\'s "extremely stringent security measures" would be "more than enough to mitigate any attempt at remote interference with aircraft systems."', u'CIRCUMVENTING', u'But experts question whether such systems can be completely isolated. An April report by the U.S. General Accountability Office quoted four cybersecurity experts as saying firewalls "could be hacked like any other software and circumvented," giving access to cockpit avionics - the machinery that pilots use to fly the plane.', u'That itself reflects doubts about how well an industry used to focusing on physical safety understands cybersecurity, where the threat is less clear and constantly changing.', u'The U.S. National Research Council this month issued a report on aviation communication systems saying that while the Federal Aviation Administration, the U.S. regulator, realized cybersecurity was an issue, it "has not been fully integrated into the agency\'s thinking, planning and efforts."', u'The chairman of the research team, Steven Bellovin of Columbia University, said the implications were worrying, not just for communication systems but for the computers running an aircraft. "The conclusion we came to was they just didn\'t understand software security, so why would I think they understand software avionics?" he said in an interview.', u'SLOW RESPONSE', u'This, security researchers say, can be seen in the slow response to their concerns.', u'The International Civil Aviation Organisation (ICAO) last year highlighted long-known vulnerabilities in a new aircraft positioning communication system, ADS-B, and called for a working group to be set up to tackle them.', u'Researchers like Haines have shown that ADS-B, a replacement for radar and other air traffic control systems, could allow a hacker to remotely give wrong or misleading information to pilots and air traffic controllers.', u"And that's just the start. Aviation security consultant Butts said his company, QED Secure Solutions, had identified vulnerabilities in ADS-B components that could give an attacker access to critical parts of a plane.", u"But since presenting his findings to vendors, manufacturers and the industry's security community six months ago he's had little or no response.", u'"This is just the tip of the iceberg," he says.', u'(Additional reporting by Siva Govindasamy; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u"Daimler Teams Up With China's Baidu in Connected Cars Drive"], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  German carmaker Daimler is to make software from web services company Baidu available in its Chinese Mercedes-Benz cars as part of a trend of deepening ties between carmakers and consumer technology companies.', u'Carmakers are seeking to extend information and entertainment services available in vehicles, as well as smartphone compatibility, in an era of increasingly congested traffic.', u'Daimler and Chinese tech giant Baidu announced their tie-up on Monday at consumer electronics show CES in Shanghai.', u'The Mercedes-Benz cars will include Baidu software that allows users to access content from their smartphones via their dashboards, such as music and Internet services.', u'The companies did not say when the first cars including the Baidu application would be produced.', u"The deal comes as the battle to buy Nokia's maps business, which is regarded as an important asset to develop self-driving cars, is heating up.", u"It has become a three-way race between German carmakers Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen's Audi on the one hand, competing with a consortium including Uber and Baidu, and a third group including China's Tencent and Navinfo, people familiar with the process have told Reuters.", u'Separately, Daimler said on Saturday it would explore wireless recharging of mobile phones in cars as well as the recharging of ', u' without cables, in partnership with chipmaker Qualcomm.', u'(Reporting by Harro ten Wolde; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle'], [u'LONDON \u2014  One arm of the ', u' is looking into whether ', u' and other tech companies unfairly favor their own services over those of rivals. At least five data protection watchdogs across the region ', u' ', u'\u2019s privacy settings.', u'And in a case that could have broad implications for many tech companies, the region\u2019s top court will issue a preliminary decision next month on whether Facebook can continue transferring user data between Europe and the United States.', u'Move over, Google. Facebook is the latest American tech giant that Europeans love to hate.', u'For decades, European policy makers have taken aim at America\u2019s giant tech businesses, trying to force them to play by European rules. In the past, Microsoft and Intel were found guilty of abusing their dominant positions to shut out rivals. Google has most recently been under the microscope, and it now faces accusations that it unfairly promoted some of its search products over those of competitors.', u'In recent months, though, regulators\u2019 gazes have turned to Facebook, raising questions about whether the social network has learned from the past mistakes of companies like Intel, Microsoft and Google when dealing with Europe\u2019s policy makers and its legal system. And as Facebook runs into an increasing number of regulatory hurdles here, the scrutiny could potentially distract the company from its ambitions of becoming a one-stop shop for Internet messaging, online publishing and digital advertising.', u'\u201cPlatforms like Facebook have grown quickly to become global forces,\u201d said Serafino Abate, a director at the Center on Regulation in Europe, a research organization in Brussels. \u201cBut with that size comes responsibility.\u201d', u'The scrutiny is mounting as the company\u2019s messaging and digital advertising services spread globally. More than 1.4 billion people now use Facebook, and hundreds of millions of people also rely on the company\u2019s mobile messaging services, WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger, and its photo-sharing service, Instagram.', u'Facebook\u2019s core business, its social networking service, is especially popular in Europe. The company has almost ', u' its number of European users to the service, to around 260 million, since 2010. Facebook also has more users in Europe than in the United States, according to eMarketer, a research company.', u'Regulators in Europe, however, are especially focused on how the company collects and handles those users\u2019 data. The region has some of the world\u2019s toughest data protection rules, and policy makers from France, Germany and Belgium are investigating whether Facebook broke Europe\u2019s laws after the company announced a new privacy policy this year.', u'If found to have breached the privacy rules, Facebook may face fines or demands that it change how the company handles people\u2019s data, though the company says it complies with the region\u2019s data protection laws.', u'\u201cObviously, there are privacy issues,\u201d said Mathias Moulin, deputy director of enforcement at the French data protection regulator, who is overseeing the watchdog\u2019s review of the company\u2019s activities and who will meet other regulators at the end of May to discuss the investigations. \u201cThis is a global company. Facebook affects millions of people across Europe.\u201d', u'Taking a page from the playbooks of other American tech companies, Facebook has not stood idle as regulators steadily lined up against it.', u'The company has hired a number of prominent former lawmakers and regulators, including Erika Mann, a former German member of the European Parliament. This month, the company also chose Kevin Martin, a former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, to champion its cause in Washington, Brussels and beyond.', u'Facebook increased spending on lobbying 25 percent, to roughly $570,000, in 2013 compared to the previous year, according the ', u' available from the ', u'\u2019s voluntary database of lobbying interests, which may not include all of Facebook\u2019s activities in the region.', u'\u201cWe expect scrutiny. We\u2019re not afraid of it,\u201d said Richard Allan, a former member of Parliament in Britain who has run Facebook\u2019s policy team in Europe for the last six years. \u201cIf you are the new kid on the block, there\u2019s always a reaction to that.\u201d', u'To get a sense of the European backlash against Facebook, you do not have to look much further than the ', u' of Max Schrems, an Austrian law student who has led a vocal opposition to how the company collects and uses people\u2019s data from around the world.', u'Mr. Schrems, 27, recently said his concern about online data traces back at least to 2011 and a college class in California. In the class, he said, employees of several West Coast tech companies expressed open disdain for Europe\u2019s tough data protection rules, which enshrine a person\u2019s right to privacy as a fundamental human right.', u'After returning to Europe, he began a lengthy campaign against the type of data that Facebook collected on its users, including information on their physical locations.', u'To rein in the company\u2019s efforts, Mr. Schrems filed multiple complaints with the Irish data protection watchdog, which is responsible for policing Facebook\u2019s activities in its international headquarters in Dublin. That led to a three-month audit of how Facebook collected data, and changes to the way the company obtained and used people\u2019s online information.', u'Unhappy with how Ireland\u2019s regulator managed his case, Mr. Schrems intensified his campaign.', u'He appealed to the country\u2019s highest court, which referred the case to the European Court of Justice, the region\u2019s top court. A preliminary decision is expected by the end of June on whether Facebook and other companies can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States.', u'Many American tech giants rely on moving online information between the regions to feed their business models, like personalized digital advertising. If the European court rules in favor of Mr. Schrems, those practices could be drastically curtailed.', u'Mr. Schrems also filed a separate Austrian class-action lawsuit against Facebook after collecting more than 75,000 online signatures. He said that the company had violated Europe\u2019s privacy rules \u2014 accusations Facebook strongly denies \u2014 and that his side could receive up to $14 million if he wins the case. A decision is not expected until at least early 2016.', u'\u201cThis is about limiting what Facebook can do with Europeans\u2019 data,\u201d said Mr. Schrems, who remains active on the service despite his legal disputes. \u201cHow much should they be allowed to dig into the souls of their users? That\u2019s what we\u2019re fighting for.\u201d', u'Big European companies are also pushing for stronger oversight of Facebook, including the region\u2019s well-connected telecom industry.', u'After Facebook ', u' WhatsApp, the Internet messaging service, last year for $19 billion, many of Europe\u2019s cellphone carriers lobbied hard for the region\u2019s antitrust regulators to review the deal. Carriers say that by combining WhatsApp with Facebook\u2019s own messaging service, the company has a virtual monopoly over how people send messages on their smartphones.', u'Europe\u2019s antitrust authorities, however, eventually approved the takeover, and Facebook contends there are other Internet messaging services that compete with its offerings.', u'Yet lawmakers are now looking into whether Facebook\u2019s messaging services should be regulated like those offered by traditional carriers. And industry executives say that as the social network starts ', u' other services like phone calls through the company\u2019s many smartphone applications, Facebook should play by the same rules that now apply to traditional mobile operators.', u'\u201cWe can\u2019t forever be living in a world where we compete with one arm tied behind our backs and they don\u2019t,\u201d Pierre Louette, deputy chief executive at Orange, the former French telecom monopoly, said in reference to Facebook. \u201cOur two worlds are colliding. Now that the worlds have met, we\u2019re all competing for people\u2019s attention.\u201d']), ([u'Amazon to Stop Funneling European Sales Through Low-Tax Haven'], [u'In the continuing battle between Europe and American tech companies, score one for Europe.', u'In a move that could put pressure on its rivals to follow suit, ', u' will start paying taxes in a number of European countries where it has large operations, instead of funneling nearly all its sales through Luxembourg, a low-tax haven that is the home base in the region for ', u' and many other large tech companies.', u'Several European countries, including Germany and France, have criticized the tax strategies of some American tech companies, including ', u', which use complicated structures that sharply reduce the amount of tax they pay in individual European countries.', u'The ', u', the executive arm of the European Union, is also investigating whether ', u' and Amazon receive unfair state support through low-tax agreements in Ireland and Luxembourg, respectively, where the companies run their European operations.', u'On May 1, Amazon said that it had started reporting revenue from its operations in Britain, Germany, Italy and Spain. By altering how it reports its revenue, the online retailer may become liable for larger tax charges in certain nations, though it may still be able to reduce its tax burden through other complex accounting practices.', u'Amazon reported a 14 percent rise in European revenue, to 13.6 billion euros, or $15 billion, in 2013 (the latest full-year figures available), according to company filings.', u'\u201cWe regularly review our business structure to ensure that we are able to best serve our customers,\u201d Amazon said in a statement on Sunday. The company added that the changes to how it reported revenue from its European operations had started more than two years ago.', u'A spokesman declined to say whether the changes were because of growing pressure from European policy makers on American tech companies to pay more tax on their operations in the 28-member European Union.', u'The news of changes to Amazon\u2019s tax structure was ', u'.', u'Amazon faces other pressures in Europe, too. In Germany, local unions have held a series of strikes over employee treatment. Both sides have clashed over how much Amazon\u2019s workers should be paid and other benefits mandated under German law.', u'The changes to the company\u2019s tax arrangements, however, are likely to put pressure on other tech companies in the United States that funnel the majority of their European revenue through low-tax countries like Ireland and the Netherlands.', u'In Britain, George Osborne, the country\u2019s finance minister, ', u' a so-called ', u' Tax that imposes a 25 percent tax on the local profits of international companies that are perceived to route money unfairly overseas. The new policy came into effect last month.', u'And in response to mounting criticism from other European countries, Ireland announced late last year that it would phase out a ', u' called the \u201cDouble Irish\u201d that would often be used by tech companies. The structure allows corporations with operations in Ireland to make royalty payments for intellectual property to a separate Irish-registered subsidiary. That subsidiary, though incorporated in Ireland, typically has its home in a country that has no corporate income tax.', u'The Double Irish policy has allowed companies like Google to limit how much tax they pay on their international operations. The policy was phased out for new companies at the beginning of 2015, and will be stopped entirely by the end of the decade.', u'Yet, despite the growing clampdown on tax structures used by American tech companies and others, analysts say that European countries are still vying to attract international companies through low-tax policies.', u'Britain, Ireland and the Netherlands have already created new policies that allow companies to apply for a lower tax rate on profits that result from certain patents that are held locally.', u'The ', u', however, is currently reviewing the legality of these so-called patent boxes.']), ([u'The Taste That Doesn\u2019t Really Satisfy'], [u'Imagine a meal made of the milk left in the bottom of a bowl of cut-rate cereal, the liquid thickened with sweepings from the floor of a health food store, and you have some sense of what it is like to consume the protein-packed shakes that have replaced Flamin\u2019 Hot Cheetos and Red Bull in the diets of some tech workers in Silicon Valley.', u'Some of them elevate Ensure, the liquid nutritional supplement used in hospitals and to force-feed prisoners at Guant\xe1namo Bay, to the status of fine wine.', u'I tasted three varieties in my capacity as food editor of The New York Times. For verisimilitude, I ate at my computer while lurking among my Times programming colleagues on Slack, the hot new group-messaging app that recently reached a ', u' in Silicon Valley.', u'\u201cHey, fellas, just doing a code review on some new features for ', u'\u201d \u2014 which is The Times\u2019s online recipe resource \u2014 \u201cand drinkin\u2019 some Soylent!\u201d', u'The powdered drinks were uniformly bland in flavor, though they held significant differences in what a particular sort of food professional calls \u201cmouth feel.\u201d', u'My glass of Space Nutrients food, for instance, was fairly chunky with flax seeds. (The company\u2019s motto: \u201cEat Like Astronauts!\u201d) The one filled with Schmilk (\u201cFuel Your Body. Free Your Life\u201d) left a blanket of oat flour over my tongue and a lasting taste of the worst glass of milk ever beneath it.', u'Soylent (\u201cFree Your Body\u201d) was designed by its founders, according to the company website, \u201cafter recognizing the disproportionate amount of time and money they spent creating nutritionally complete meals.\u201d', u'The drink they came up with certainly delivered nutrition \u2014 around 250 calories for my small portion, according to the Soylent site. But despite a delicate sweetness to the fuel, the company\u2019s promise of \u201cimproved satiation\u201d fell short. I left my laptop and ate a banana.', u'But I\u2019m not running Pig scripts on Hadoop mode for a living, whatever that means. These instant meals are meant for work warriors for whom good and delicious food is secondary to perfect and unassailable engineering.', u'They recall Emilio Estevez\u2019s character, Otto, in the 1984 science-fiction film \u201cRepo Man.\u201d He fishes a can marked \u201cfood\u201d out of his parents\u2019 refrigerator and eats it standing up at the kitchen counter.', u'\u201cPut it on a plate, son,\u201d ', u'. \u201cYou\u2019ll enjoy it more.\u201d', u'Otto says: \u201cCouldn\u2019t enjoy it any more, Mom. Mmm, mmm, mmm, this is swell.\u201d']), ([u'The Government\u2019s Consumer Data Watchdog '], [u'When does the free flow of personal data benefit consumers, and when might it damage their pocketbooks?', u'That question, at the heart of the debate over information economics and fairness, took center stage one day last month when ', u', chief economist of ', u', and ', u', chief technologist of the Federal Trade Commission, participated in ', u' and privacy at the Temple University Fox School of Business in Philadelphia.', u'Before an audience of professors and business students, Mr. Varian, a professor emeritus at the School of Information at the University of California, Berkeley, described the potential upsides of price discrimination \u2014 the practice of charging people different amounts for the same product, based on their age, location, creditworthiness or other details specific to them.', u'\u201cIt is largely beneficial,\u201d Mr. Varian told the audience, citing examples like discount offers for seniors. He added, \u201cYou charge higher prices to people who can afford to pay higher prices.\u201d', u'The argument was not unfamiliar to Mr. Soltani, a former student of Mr. Varian\u2019s at Berkeley and a data privacy researcher whose work once helped the F.T.C. bring a landmark case against Google. But when it came time for his presentation, Mr. Soltani took the opposite stance, arguing that online data-mining is so opaque to consumers that it can lead to unfair financial treatment.', u'A few years ago, as a technical consultant for ', u' in The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Soltani related, he studied how a consumer-profiling company collected details about the specific car makes, models and colors that individual shoppers looked at online, as well as the dates and number of times they looked at each car. When those shoppers subsequently made appointments to see the cars, he said, the company shared details about their online activities with their local dealerships.', u'Knowing how interested a customer is in a specific car, Mr. Soltani said, could give car dealers an unfair advantage in price negotiations.', u'\u201cThey are potentially able to extract higher prices,\u201d he told the audience.', u'(Mr. Varian and Mr. Soltani both said they were speaking for themselves, not for their employers.)', u'The Federal Trade Commission is responsible for protecting consumers from deceptive or anticompetitive practices by companies. It has long hired computer scientists, as well as technically minded lawyers, to work on investigations of individual firms.', u'But in 2010, in an effort to help regulators keep current with rapid advances in technology \u2014 and understand the possible risks to consumers of novel uses of their data \u2014 the agency created the position of chief technologist. And in just a few years, it has established a tradition of appointing gadflies to the post, experts who have poked holes in companies\u2019 assurances that they were keeping the public\u2019s personal details safe and private.', u'The commission first tapped ', u', a computer science professor at Princeton, to serve as chief technologist; he came to the agency after discovering security flaws in voting machines that hackers could have exploited to steal votes. More recently, ', u', a professor of government and technology at Harvard, served in the role; she famously demonstrated that it was possible to reidentify patients by name in the nameless medical records that hospitals routinely released to researchers.', u'Mr. Soltani\u2019s worldview is similar to his predecessors\u2019, but his r\xe9sum\xe9 is different. At 40, he is younger and does not have their Ivy League affiliations. He is a populist who has conducted research into online consumer tracking and profiling for several national newspapers and government agencies.', u'In 2014, he was part of a team at The Washington Post that won ', u' for a series of articles examining government surveillance techniques brought to light by the former National Security Agency contractor Edward J. Snowden. (He has also worked as a researcher at The New York Times and provided technical assistance for the newspaper\u2019s ', u' series on the data brokerage industry.)', u'Along the way, Mr. Soltani has earned a reputation as a forensic specialist able to explain complicated technical processes in plain terms that policy makers and ordinary souls can understand.', u'\u201cIf the store you went into tracked everything you tried on and touched and then followed you to other stores, and the stores would all exchange notes, I think people would be uncomfortable with that and stop shopping,\u201d Mr. Soltani said at the conference in Philadelphia. \u201cBut that is exactly what happens online.\u201d', u'That kind of talk has not exactly endeared him to the online advertising industry. After Edith Ramirez, the chairwoman of the F.T.C., announced his appointment last fall, ', u' in which an executive at the ', u', an industry group, suggested that the agency was doing itself a \u201cdisservice by hiring advocates.\u201d', u'But Mr. Soltani\u2019s fans credit him with matter-of-factly elucidating the inner workings of web and mobile services.', u'In a previous job at the F.T.C., in 2010, Mr. Soltani worked on an investigation of Google Buzz, a social network, in which he helped commissioners and staff lawyers understand the technical differences between the company\u2019s public statements on user privacy and its actual practices. In 2011, ', u', contending that the company had enrolled Gmail users in its social network without offering them clear ways to opt out or control how the service shared their personal details. As part of a settlement with the agency, Google agreed to submit to regular, independent privacy audits for the next 20 years.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s not a bomb thrower. He\u2019s very much, \u2018Here are the facts and that\u2019s why we\u2019re worried,\u2019\xa0\u201d David C. Vladeck, a professor of law at Georgetown, said of Mr. Soltani. Professor Vladeck, a former director of the F.T.C. ', u', added, \u201cFor a small agency, you want somebody who is willing to stick to their guns when they\u2019re right.\u201d', u'As chief technologist, Mr. Soltani has helped the F.T.C. create a new unit, called the ', u', to enable the agency to examine a wider array of emerging technologies \u2014 including Internet-connected cars, connected home devices and mobile payment systems \u2014 and their potential implications for data security and privacy. Mr. Soltani said he was also working on recommendations for industry practices that could help promote innovation and consumer choice.', u'A few weeks ago, for instance, the agency filed ', u' against Nomi Technologies, a retail-tracking company that uses mobile phone signals to monitor shoppers\u2019 movements in stores. According to the complaint, the company had failed to live up to its commitment to inform shoppers about its in-store surveillance and allow them to opt out.', u'Mr. Soltani subsequently wrote a ', u' detailing technical solutions \u2014 like sending notices and opt-out messages directly to shoppers\u2019 mobile phones \u2014 that could address that information asymmetry.', u'It seems the free flow of information benefits consumers most when the information flows in both directions.']), ([u"San Francisco Police Keep Eye Out for Missing 'Eyeball' Mask"], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  San Francisco police have asked people to be on the lookout for a valuable mask depicting an eyeball wearing a top hat, an artifact made famous by an avant garde rock band, saying the artwork was stolen during shipment from a Seattle museum.', u'The "Eyeball with Hat," worth $100,000, was one of four original masks worn by the group The Residents, police said.', u'The mask was also worn in a photo of the band taken in front of the Golden Gate Bridge and used on the back cover of the 1979 "Subterranean Modern" album. The original photo, worth $20,000, was also reported stolen, police said.', u"The owner of the mask and photo had loaned the items to Seattle's Experience Music Project for an exhibit, authorities said. The museum had then sent the artwork back to San Francisco via courier service when the crate they were in went missing, police said in a statement.", u'The owner was not home to accept shipment and an unknown person with an illegible signature signed for the items, police said.', u'Homer Flynn, co-manager of The Residents, told KNTV the items had been sent to him, and were "totally irreplaceable."', u'"My best guess is that FedEx left it on the landing of my building and someone took it. I seriously doubt that they knew what was in the shipping box," he said.', u'The mask is about two-feet tall and features a blue iris and white top hat.', u'The Residents, formed in 1972, are a San Francisco-based experimental band that has released over 60 albums, numerous music videos and short films, according to its Twitter page.', u'The identities of the band members are unknown and they perform wearing their eyeball masks.', u'(Reporting by Victoria Cavaliere, editing by G Crosse)']), ([u'Overvalued in Silicon Valley, but Don\u2019t Say \u2018Tech Bubble\u2019'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  It is a wild time in Silicon Valley. Two-year-old companies are valued in the billions, ramshackle homes are worth millions and hubris has reached the point where otherwise sane businesspeople muse about seceding from the United States.', u'But the tech industry\u2019s venture capitalists \u2014 the financiers who bet on companies when they are little more than an idea \u2014 are going out of their way to avoid the one word that could describe what is happening around them.', u'Bubble.', u'\u201cI guess it is a scary word because in some sense no one wants it to stop,\u201d said Tomasz Tunguz, a partner at Redpoint Ventures. \u201cAnd so if you utter it, do you pop it?\u201d', u'A bubble, in the economic sense, is basically a period of excessive speculation in something, whether it is tulips, tech companies or houses. And it is a loaded, even fearful, term in the tech industry, because it reminds people of the 1990s dot-com bubble, when companies with little revenue and zero profits sold billions in stock to a na\xefve public.', u'In 2000, tech stocks crashed, venture capital dried up and many young companies were vaporized. Even today, with the technology industry on fire, venture capital investment remains below its 2000 peak.', u'\u201cAnybody who lived through that will always wake up and see ghosts,\u201d said Jerry Neumann, founder of Neu Venture Capital in New York.', u'Today, people see shades of 2000 in the enormous valuations assigned to private companies like Uber, the on-demand cab company, which is raising $1.5 billion at terms that deem the company worth $50 billion, and Slack, the corporate messaging service that is about a year old and valued at $2.8 billion in its latest funding round.', u'A few years ago private companies worth more than $1 billion were rare enough that venture capitalists called them \u201cunicorns.\u201d Today, there are 107, according to CB Insights, enough that venture capitalists had to create a second term \u2014 \u201cdecacorn\u201d \u2014 for private companies like Uber and the data analysis company Palantir Technologies that are worth more than $10 billion.', u'Nobody doubts that many of tech\u2019s unicorns are indeed real businesses and that some could be with us for decades. But because of low interest rates, tech companies are raising gobs of money from investors whose desperate need for returns has pushed them into riskier territory. Start-ups have begun attracting money from hedge and mutual funds that don\u2019t usually invest in tech companies before they are public.', u'Valuations \u2014 and there is no real standard for determining how much a private company is worth \u2014 are inflating, leading some people to worry that investment decisions are being guided by something venture capitalists call FOMO \u2014 the fear of missing out.', u'In a recent analysis, Mr. Tunguz of Redpoint, who was in high school when the dot-com bubble burst, found that investors were paying twice as much for stakes in private technology companies as they were for those that were publicly traded.', u'He called it \u201ca runaway train of late-stage fund-raising.\u201d He also called it \u201ca really weird time\u201d and \u201ca really hard environment to maintain financial discipline.\u201d', u'The problem with the bubble question is nobody seems to agree on what exactly a bubble is. Robert Shiller, an economist whose work on stock prices earned him the 2013 ', u' and who wrote the bubble book \u201cIrrational Exuberance,\u201d defined speculative bubbles as \u201ca psychological epidemic\u201d in which people put reason aside and instead buy into a story.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a complicated social phenomenon that gets people into trouble, just like smoking too much and drinking too much,\u201d Mr. Shiller said.', u'And no matter how hard people try to avoid them, bubbles happen again and again, from the Dutch tulip bubble of 1636, to the 1929 stock bubble that resulted in ', u', to the housing bubble that buckled Wall Street in 2008.', u'Even the smartest get caught up. Isaac Newton, whose laws of motion and gravity arguably make him the most important scientist ever, bought into the South Sea Bubble of 1720. It was a bad bet on a company granted a monopoly on trade with South America by the British government. He reportedly said: \u201cI can calculate the motions of the heavenly bodies, but not the madness of people.\u201d', u'Bubbles seem obvious after the crash, of course. The problem is they are almost impossible to see in the present. Mr. Neumann admits he was caught in the dot-com bubble.', u'\u201cI was a true believer in the Internet and all that,\u201d he said.', u'So, do the staggering values of today\u2019s private tech companies look like yet another bubble?', u'\u201cIf the question is, Are these valuations divorced from fundamentals? I think they are,\u201d he said.', u'But that is not a bubble, he said. Rather, it is \u201can irrational pricing decision.\u201d', u'Investors are happy to admit that this torrid pace of investment has started to worry them. But they still try to steer clear of the b-word, unless they are describing what Silicon Valley is not.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s definitely some craziness and people overpaying\u201d for stakes in companies, said Anand Sanwal, founder of CB Insights, an analytics firm focused on the venture capital industry. \u201cBut a bunch of bad decisions don\u2019t necessarily mean we are in a bubble.\u201d', u'Does George Zachary, a partner in the Menlo Park office of CRV, a venture capital firm, think we\u2019re in a bubble? \u201cI think we\u2019re in a period of overvaluation and frothiness,\u201d he said.', u'Sam Altman, president of Y Combinator, an incubator that invests in very young companies, has grown so tired of bubble talk that this month he countered it with a $100,000 \u201cno bubble\u201d bet.', u'The bet, which will be donated to charity, is based on several variables, including his prediction that the five most valuable unicorns, a list that includes Uber and Airbnb, the home rental service, will be worth more than $200 billion by 2020.', u'Of course, there is a difference between not thinking there is a bubble and not being concerned about how easy it has become for start-ups to raise money.', u'\u201cDo I think companies are overvalued as a whole? No,\u201d Mr. Altman said. \u201cDo I think too much money can kill good companies? Yes. And that is an important difference.\u201d', u'Some investors go so far to avoid the word bubble that they describe situations that sound quite a bit worse.', u'Take Charlie O\u2019Donnell, founder of Brooklyn Bridge Ventures. His view is that when it becomes harder to raise money, companies that are funding losses with outside money will be forced to find profitability by cutting jobs and slowing expansion plans, Mr. O\u2019Donnell said.', u'But that is not a bubble, he said. Rather, as he outlined in a recent blog post, that would be \u201cthe coming zombie start-up apocalypse.\u201d']), ([u'Forwarding Text Messages on the iPhone'], [u' ', u' You can forward a text message received in ', u' to another person with a couple of steps. With the message you want to forward on the screen, press and hold the message bubble until a menu with Copy and More\u2026 buttons appears. Tap the More\u2026 button.', u'Next, make sure the message has a blue check mark next to it and then tap the arrow icon in the bottom-right corner of the screen. The New Message window appears with the selected message attached. In the To: field at the top of the screen, enter the name or number of the person getting the message and hit the Send button.', u'As for the life span of text messages on the iPhone, you can keep them around indefinitely, or give them an expiration period. On the Home screen, tap the Settings icon, flick down the list on the next screen and select Messages. Move down the list of settings and tap Message History. Here, you can choose the specific length of time you want to keep the messages on your phone: 30 Days, One Year or Forever.', u' ', u' Amazon allows you to read the same book on multiple devices without losing your place, but the system is meant for one reader using the same book. For instance, you can start reading on a Kindle tablet at home, pick up where you left off on your phone\u2019s Kindle app during your commute and then continue from your last stopping point when you return to the Kindle. The company uses its online Whispersync technology to track your page progress across each device you use, as long as the e-readers and Kindle apps are all registered to the same Amazon account.', u'When two people are using one Amazon account while reading the same book on separate devices, Whispersync still notes the furthest page read each time and offers to update other devices in the mix with an alert box noting the new stopping point. This can be especially annoying if one person reads faster or more frequently than the other.', u'You can always choose No in the alert box to keep your own place in the pages, or you can turn off Whispersync \u2014 at least until you both finish the book. To temporarily disable the automatic synchronization, log into your Amazon account and proceed to the ', u' page. Select the Settings tab, scroll down to Device Synchronization (Whispersync Settings) and turn the button to Off. Later, if you both are reading different books on multiple screens, you can return to the settings and reactivate Whispersync to keep track of the page progress through each title.']), ([u'In Busy Silicon Valley, Protein Powder Is in Demand'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Every night, Aaron Melocik, a software developer, follows a precise food routine. He blends together half a gallon of water, three and a half tablespoons of macadamia nut oil and a 16-ounce bag of powder called Schmoylent. Then he pours the beige beverage into jars and chills them before bringing the containers to work the next day at Metrodigi, an education technology start-up.', u'At the office, Mr. Melocik stashes one Schmoylent jar in the refrigerator and takes the other to his desk. From 6:30 a.m. to 3:30 p.m., he sips from the first jar for breakfast, and the second for lunch. He consumes about 14 fluid ounces of Schmoylent each day so he can focus on coding instead of grabbing a bite to eat.', u'\u201cIt just removes food completely from my morning equation up until about 7 p.m.,\u201d said Mr. Melocik, 34, who has been following his techie diet since February.', u'Boom times in Silicon Valley call for hard work, and hard work \u2014 at least in technology land \u2014 means that coders, engineers and venture capitalists are turning to liquid meals with names like Schmoylent, ', u', Schmilk and ', u'. The protein-packed products that come in powder form are inexpensive and quick and easy to make \u2014 just shake with water, or in the case of Schmilk, milk. While athletes and dieters have been drinking their dinner for years, Silicon Valley\u2019s workers are now increasingly chugging their meals, too, so they can more quickly get back to their computer work.', u'Demand for some of the powdered drinks, which typically mix nutrients like magnesium, zinc and vitamins, is so high that some engineers report being put on waiting lists of one to six months to receive their first orders. And the drinks are taking off across techie social circles. Venture capitalists have also poured money into the companies that offer the meal replacements, and investors including ', u', a founder of Reddit, count themselves as fans of the drinks.', u'\u201cMy dream in an ideal scenario would be if I could just pick up some at the airport, pre-made in the refrigerator section,\u201d said Mr. Ohanian, who invested in Soylent and treats the drink as a fallback meal. The entrepreneur, who frequently flies between New York and San Francisco for work, says he will whip up a batch of Soylent and sip it throughout the day when he is too lazy to make something to eat.', u'In March, the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz served ', u' at a cocktail event at the South by Southwest conference in Austin. Some members of the firm, which has invested in Soylent, have even gone on a Soylent cleanse, drinking only the liquid for several days, said Chris Dixon, an Andreessen Horowitz partner. He said he was not a participant.', u'Other coders are customizing the meal replacements to social occasions. On a recent Saturday evening in his Ikea-furnished apartment in San Francisco\u2019s Haight neighborhood, Pulak \u201cPotluck\u201d Mittal, a 23-year-old software engineer, hosted a dinner party for half a dozen techie friends. On the menu were pad thai noodles and a side dish of Soylent.', u'One attendee, Dan Carroll, founder of the education tech start-up Clever, complimented Mr. Mittal for mixing peanut butter into the oatmeal-colored drink to accompany the pad thai. \u201cThat was very thoughtful, that you really tailored the Soylent experience to the food,\u201d Mr. Carroll said.', u'The rise of the meal replacements mirrors Silicon Valley\u2019s start-up froth \u2014 and includes a dose of confidence. The makers of the new drinks said their products were better than the commercial powders that had been on the market for years, because those tended to have lots of sugar and overemphasized the use of protein. In contrast, Soylent and Schmoylent are both blends of nutrients that would allow one to drink only those meals and live a healthy life, they said.', u'Rob Rhinehart, a software engineer, said he ', u' for Soylent in 2013 while working long hours at a wireless communications company and realizing he was eating poorly. He said he wanted to create something that could be \u201cuniversally applicable\u201d for hard-working people like himself. So he founded Soylent, based in Los Angeles, that year and gained more than $3 million in funding from the crowdsourcing site Tilt.', u'Orders took off quickly. The company said it had shipped more than the equivalent of six million \u201cmeals\u201d across the United States. Mr. Rhinehart declined to share financial details but said his company was shipping \u201cat the kiloton scale\u201d each quarter and had attracted $24.5 million in financing. While Soylent has a diverse customer base, tech workers in particular have the \u201cearly-adopter personality\u201d that makes them open to trying the powder, Mr. Rhinehart said.', u'Soylent\u2019s success has created opportunity for imitators, who are mixing and marketing their own powders. Alex C. Snyder, known on Internet forums as \u201cAxcho,\u201d quit his job at the software company Linden Lab last August to sell his own variants of Soylent, like Schmoylent and Schmilk. Many of his repeat customers in the San Francisco Bay Area work in technology.', u'Mr. Snyder said he was sometimes puzzled by the sales of the products that were in plastic bags and labeled with a sharpie, which made them look \u201csketchy.\u201d', u'\u201cI was like, why are people even buying?\u201d Mr. Snyder said, reflecting back about a year to the time when orders started pouring in. \u201cIt was really weird.\u201d', u'With the demand, he said his company \u2014 which he plans to call Super Body Fuel \u2014 would move its production operation to a large warehouse in June, upgrading from a co-working space in San Francisco\u2019s Mission District.', u'Soylent, Schmilk and some others typically taste like bland, gritty pancake batter. But never mind that, since the meal replacements save techies money and time. While a meal generally costs upward of $50 at Silicon Valley-area restaurants, a week\u2019s worth of Soylent or Schmoylent totals $85.', u'Alexandros Kostibas, a founder of ', u', a San Francisco software start-up that nearly went bankrupt recently because of high costs, said he paid himself less than he paid his employees, and he guzzled Soylent partly because it was more economical than eating out. He said a frozen dinner was already a shortcut, but Soylent was a healthier, quicker alternative.', u'\u201cI think engineers are ready to throw in the towel on the illusion that we\u2019re having this family dinner,\u201d he said. \u201cLet\u2019s do away with all the marketing facade and get the calories as quickly as we can.\u201d', u'The time wasted by eating is, in Silicon Valley parlance, a \u201cpain point\u201d even for the highest echelon of techie. Elon Musk, Tesla\u2019s founder, once said, \u201cIf there was a way that I couldn\u2019t eat so I could work more, I would not eat. I wish there was a way to get nutrients without sitting down for a meal,\u201d according to ', u' on the entrepreneur, written by Ashlee Vance. Mr. Musk did not respond to a request for comment about whether he had tried Schmilk or Soylent.', u'When Mr. Mittal started working at ', u' this year, the company declared in an email introducing him to colleagues that he was an avid Soylent user. Soon after, Mr. Mittal said, some co-workers approached him to ask if they could try some.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve been a little bit of a Soylent dealer to a number of my co-workers,\u201d Mr. Mittal said.', u'But Soylent, Schmilk and Schmoylent are acquired tastes. Mr. Mittal said many of his colleagues did not end up getting hooked on Soylent. The few who were still drinking it weren\u2019t too enthusiastic.', u'\u201cI am getting sick of the taste,\u201d Dan Sparks, an engineer for Clever, recently told Mr. Mittal. \u201cI am thinking I\u2019ll have to start flavoring it.\u201d']), ([u'BlackBerry Cuts Jobs Worldwide as It Consolidates Businesses'], [u'(Reuters) - Canadian smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd is cutting jobs across the world, the company said on Friday, as it consolidates its software, hardware and applications business.', u'The company did not specify how many employees would be affected.', u'BlackBerry, which reported a 16.8 percent fall in quarterly revenue in March, had about 6,225 full-time employees as of Feb. 2015, according to its website.', u'The company is reallocating resources to capitalize on growth opportunities and achieve profitability across all its business segments, a company spokeswoman said in an e-mailed statement.', u'The Waterloo, Ontario-based company last month said it was considering closing its offices in Sweden, a move that would result in the loss of up to 100 jobs.', u"Up to Friday's close, the company's Toronto-listed stock had risen more than 62 percent in the last 12 months, whereas the U.S.-listed stock had risen nearly 44 percent during the same period.", u'(Reporting by Euan Rocha in Toronto and Anannya Pramanick in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'Intelligence Agency: Opening Up to a Changing World'], [u'SPRINGFIELD, Va. \u2014  Much about the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency remains classified, but the U.S. spy agency that maps and analyzes the earth is opening up more than ever, from sharing computer source code on a public website to tapping new sources of intelligence.', u'The NGA\'s director, Robert Cardillo, is leading what he calls a "seismic shift" in the agency\'s culture to help it better exploit social media, commercially available imagery and other data to continue providing high-level intelligence to the U.S. government.', u"The NGA this week opened its doors to GitHub, the world's largest site for sharing source code, to advance another goal - to encourage its employees to share analytical tools and other computer programs and get feedback from other developers.", u"The NGA last year become the first U.S. spy agency to set up its own page on GitHub, but other agencies are following suit. The National Security Agency's page premiered this week, and the Defense Intelligence Agency plans to set up its page soon.", u'This summer, the NGA will also participate in Google Inc\'s high-profile "Summer of Code" for young developers.', u'"Posting code to open source forums allows the private sector and others to examine the agency\'s research up close, and potentially benefit from it through additional enhancements and applications. At the same time, the government can gain from related research advances," said NSA spokeswoman Vanee Vines.', u'GitHub\'s "government evangelist" Ben Balter told workers at the NGA\'s headquarters in Springfield, Va. that no one expected them to publish their "special sauce," but said they could benefit by sharing more routine tools.', u'Sharing code allows agencies to benefit from work done by other developers, saving funds for harder challenges, he said.', u'He said the GeoQ disaster response software posted by the NGA last year was a huge hit, and had already been adopted by the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other agencies.', u"In August, the NGA will kick off a new program called GEOINT Pathfinder that will test the agency's ability to answer four key intelligence questions using only publicly available data, social media, and commercial information technology.", u"The questions, like the NGA's budget, remain classified.", u"The agency's shift is being driven by the spread of smart phones, social media and the rapid spread of commercial satellite imager - all developments that are generating huge amounts of data that was once available only to governments. Tighter budgets also play a role.", u'"As the world is opening up, intelligence doesn\'t necessarily always equal secrecy," said Chris Rasmussen, who heads the Pathfinder program for the NGA. "It\'s a question of relevance and niche ... Most of agency\'s value proposition going forward will come from unclassified sources."', u"The NGA's ultimate goal is to answer the bulk of U.S. intelligence questions through open sources, while reserving its most exquisite and expensive satellites and other resources for tough questions that cannot be answered any other way, he said.", u'DigitalGlobe Inc, which provides commercial imagery to the NGA and other customers, said it is building new tools to allow the agency and other parts of the government to use public data to make better use of its high-resolution imagery.', u"Tony Frazier, senior vice president at DigitalGlobe, said the company also posted to GitHub a tool called MrGeo that it developed under the NGA's research and development budget.", u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Frances Kerry)']), ([u'Adult Online Dating Site Reports Data Security Breach of Member Information'], [u'(Reuters) - An online dating site for adults seeking sexual trysts has been hacked, potentially compromising the personal information of some of its 64 million members, the company said on Friday.', u'AdultFriendFinder.com, part of Sunnyvale, California-based FriendFinder Networks Inc, said it had contacted law enforcement, including the FBI, and a private investigative team to review the incident.', u'"FriendFinder Networks Inc. recently became aware of a potential data security incident," the company said in a statement on Friday. "The security of our members\' information remains our top priority and, upon learning of this incident, we took immediate action," it said.', u"So far, there is no evidence that members' financial information has been compromised, it added.", u'AdultFriendFinder bills itself as "the hottest dating, hookup and sex community." Members are asked a host of personal information, including marital or relationship status, sexual orientation and intimate interests.', u'The company did not describe the nature of the data breach, but said it had taken immediate steps to protect members\' privacy by "temporarily disabling the username search function and masking usernames of any users we believe were affected by the security issue."', u'FriendFinder Networks said it has 600 million-plus members on more than 40,000 sites.', u'(Reporting by Victoria Cavaliere in Seattle; Editing by Cynthia Johnston and Eric Beech)']), ([u"Founder of Facebook's Oculus Hit With Lawsuit"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The founder of virtual reality glasses maker Oculus VR Inc, acquired by Facebook Inc for $2 billion, has been accused of taking confidential information he learned while working with another company and passing it off as his own, according to a lawsuit filed this week.', u'The plaintiff, Hawaii-based company Total Recall Technologies, said it hired Oculus founder Palmer Luckey in 2011 to build a prototype head mounted display. Luckey signed a confidentiality agreement, according to the lawsuit filed on Wednesday.', u'Throughout the latter half of 2011 and into 2012, Luckey received feedback and information to improve the design of the display. However, Luckey used information he learned from his partnership when he launched a Kickstarter campaign for his own head mounted display called the Oculus Rift, according to the lawsuit.', u'The lawsuit seeks compensatory and punitive damages but does not specify and amount.', u"Facebook's $2 billion acquisition of Oculus last year was its first-ever hardware deal, as the company sought a way into the fast-growing wearable devices arena.", u'Oculus is listed as a defendant along with Luckey, and a Facebook representative on Friday declined to comment. The lawsuit was reported earlier by The Recorder, a California legal newspaper.', u'For its lawsuit Total Recall Technologies enlisted global law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart & Sullivan, which also counts Google and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd as major clients. Luckey is accused of breach of contract and fraud, among other claims.', u'(Reporting by Dan Levine; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Adult Dating Site Investigating Breach of User Data'], [u"PALO ALTO, Calif. \u2014  The operator of a popular adult dating website said Friday it's investigating a data security breach following reports that hackers stole names, email addresses and information about the sexual orientation or habits of up to 4 million members.", u"Britain's Channel 4 news outlet reported that hackers posted some of the information on an obscure website after stealing account data from ", u'. The online service claims 64 million members worldwide use its service to "hook up, find sex or meet someone hot now."', u'FriendFinder Networks, the Silicon Valley company that operates the service, said in a statement that it hired a prominent cyber-security firm to investigate and is telling members to update their user names and passwords. It said it is also temporarily blocking attempts to search for user profiles by "any users we believe were affected by the security issue."', u'Tech blogger Bev Robb reported earlier that it was possible to identify some users and glean potentially embarrassing information based on apparently stolen data that was posted on a website frequented by other hackers.', u'Without confirming any details about the breach, FriendFinder Networks said it had no information that users\' financial information was leaked. But the statement added that, "until the investigation is completed, it will be difficult to confirm the full scope of the incident."', u'FriendFinder Networks operates a number of online sites and dating services for different audiences, including ', u', ', u' and ', u'. There has been no indication that information has leaked from its other sites. The company also says it licenses the Penthouse brand and publishes magazines.', u'"The security of our members\' information remains our top priority," the company said. It has hired the Mandiant response division of cyber-security company FireEye, which has previously investigated a number of high-profile breaches in recent months. A FireEye spokesman confirmed the company is investigating but declined further comment.', u'___', u'Associated Press Technology Writer in New York Bree Fowler contributed to this report.']), ([u'White House Says FBI Determined Which Clinton Emails to Later Classify'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The White House said on Friday the FBI had determined material in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails that was once unclassified needed to be classified on later review and said such a decision was not uncommon.", u"White House spokesman Josh Earnest made the remarks after  Clinton's emails related to Benghazi were released.", u'(Reporting by Julia Edwards and Jeff Mason)']), ([u'U.S. Moves to Facilitate Social Media in Crimea'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Treasury Department on Friday authorized American businesses and individuals to facilitate personal communications over the Internet like social media, instant messaging and photo sharing in Crimea, annexed by Russia from Ukraine last year.', u"The department's Office of Foreign Assets Control announced it had issued a general license allowing for the exportation of such services and software to people in Crimea.", u'A department spokesperson, who asked not to be named, said, "The general license allows personal Internet-based communications \u2013 such as social networking, instant messaging, and emails \u2013 and certain software necessary to enable it, between the United States and U.S. persons and Crimea."', u'Facebook, Twitter, WordPress and numerous other online platforms were covered by the action.', u'"The key stipulation here is that the services must be widely accessible, and available at no cost," the spokesperson said.', u"Ties between Washington and Moscow have deteriorated since Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimea Peninsula in March 2014 and backed pro-Russian separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. Moscow accuses Washington of orchestrating last year's overthrow of a Ukrainian president who was supported by Russia.", u'(Reporting by Washington newsroom)']), ([u'Clinton Emails Show Concern About Image After Benghazi'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Top aides to former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton fretted over how she would be portrayed after the 2012 Benghazi attacks that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans, emails released on Friday showed.', u'The emails also showed Clinton received information on her personal email account about the Benghazi attacks that was  classified "secret" by the FBI just prior to their release.', u'Clinton, the frontrunner for the Democratic presidential nomination in 2016, has come under criticism for using a personal email account, hosted on a private server in her New York state home, instead of a government one for messages she sent and received as secretary of state.', u'The move by the FBI to classify some of the material could further fuel criticism that she handled sensitive information on her private email.', u'But State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told that the information classified by the FBI amounted to "less than two sentences."', u'\u201cThe email and the information in this email ... was not classified at time it was sent,\u201d Harf said.', u'The emails released on Friday did not appear to support for Republican accusations that Clinton was involved in efforts to downplay the role of Islamic militants in the attacks on a U.S. diplomatic compound and CIA base in Benghazi. Nor did they indicate that Clinton was personally involved in decisions that resulted in weak security at the Benghazi outposts.', u"But the correspondence did offer a glimpse into how Clinton's team was concerned about her image immediately afterward.", u'A senior adviser to Clinton, Jake Sullivan, forwarded an email from a State Department official about positive media coverage of a statement she gave on Sept. 12, 2012, the day after the killings.', u'"Really nice work guys," State Department official Matthew Walsh wrote in an email to other staffers, which linked to a story on the Slate news site praising Clinton\'s comments about Benghazi as "her most eloquent news conference as secretary of state."', u'Sullivan, Clinton\'s deputy chief of staff, passed the email on to her with the letters "FYI."', u'In another email from September 2012, Sullivan assured the secretary of state that she had used the correct language to describe the lead-up to the Benghazi attacks.', u"U.S. officials' exact wording of the attackers' motivation had become important because the Obama administration initially said the assaults were a spontaneous protest against an anti-Islamic film posted on the Internet.", u'The U.S. ambassador to the United Nations at the time, Susan Rice, drew heavy criticism from Republicans for making this claim on several Sunday TV shows, even though intelligence indicated within hours after the attacks that they had been the carefully planned work of Islamist militia members.', u'Sullivan assured Clinton that her language when discussing the attacks in public had been correct.', u'"You never said spontaneous or characterized the motives, in fact you were careful in your first statement to say we were assessing motive and method," he wrote in an email.', u'A number of the emails to Clinton, some from high-ranking officials, are flattering to the former first lady.', u'After Clinton appeared on television the day after the Benghazi attack, Liz Sherwood-Randall, a White House official, sent a message to her via Sullivan which described Clinton\'s performance as "emphatic and unflinching and inspiring; she was wise and steady and strong. My 80 year old mother called from LA to say, \'She was like our rock of Gibraltar.\'"', u'Long a focus of Republican investigators in Congress, accusations that Clinton was negligent on Benghazi are putting her under more intense scrutiny now that she is running for the Democratic Party nomination in the 2016 presidential election.', u'Republicans say the Obama administration was lax about the security of U.S. personnel in Libya and then misled the public about the nature of the attacks, but various congressional probes have produced little damaging evidence.', u'State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf said that the 296 emails released on Friday "do not change the essential facts or our understanding of the events before, during or after the attacks."', u'They were the first installment of a rolling release of 55,000 pages of emails from her time as secretary of state between 2009 and 2013 that are due to be released in the coming months.', u'Clinton or her aides have deleted another 30,000 emails which she has termed as personal from the same private account, causing Republicans in Congress to accuse her of picking and choosing what she wants to make public.', u'Rep. Trey Gowdy, the Republican who heads the Benghazi probe in the House of Representatives, said the emails made public on Friday "continue to reinforce the fact that unresolved questions and issues remain as it relates to Benghazi."', u'He also complained that there was a significant gap in the emails between late April and July 4, 2012, a period when threats from militants in Benghazi were being more regularly reported.', u'(Writing by Alistair Bell; Additional reporting by Susan Cornwell; Editing by Bernard Orr and Ken Wills)']), ([u'French Court Sets Rules for Alternative Taxis Such as Uber'], [u"PARIS \u2014  France's highest administrative court on Friday approved two out of three main restrictions on private chauffeured vehicle services such as Uber that were introduced last year after complaints from traditional cab drivers of unfair competition.", u'Uber, an online service that links its drivers with passengers through a smartphone app, claimed a victory in its challenge to the regulations because the court decided to allow it to charge by the kilometer (mile) instead of giving a price at the moment of booking.', u'But the French taxi drivers\' organization UNT said the court had "confirmed the illegality of Uber\'s practices" and called on the government to shut down Internet applications that do not conform to the rules.', u"France's constitutional council said drivers of private chauffeured vehicles must return to their bases after dropping off a customer, or await new fares from a parking lot, upholding a ban on them driving around looking for new clients.", u"It also backed the restrictions on apps like Uber's that indicate to potential clients on their smartphones both the location of nearby drivers and their availability.", u'San Francisco-based Uber faces legal challenges in several European countries where licensed taxis drivers have protested.', u'An Uber spokesman said that being allowed to charge by the kilometer was central to its business model, and that the limitation on location apps would not make much difference.', u'But the UNT said the ruling would end a period in which Uber drivers had been allowed to "roam illegally on the public highway in search of customers".', u"A Paris appeals court had been waiting for the decision before ruling on whether to ban Uber's separate UberPOP online service, a more informal operation which links ordinary private drivers with potential passengers at cheaper rates than traditional cabs.", u'The case before the appeals court was brought by three competing car services -- LeCab, GreenTomatoCars and Transdev Shuttle -- and taxi unions.', u'Created by two Silicon Valley entrepreneurs frustrated by difficulties encountered when trying to hail a cab in Paris, Uber launched an app in 2010 and now operates in nearly 270 cities.', u'In France, the government sought to calm conflicts between taxis and Uber by reworking the rules on how traditional taxis compete with chauffeured cars.', u'(Reporting by Jean-Baptiste Vey; Writing by Leigh Thomas; Editing by Mark Heinrich)']), ([u'Audi Will Enhance Chinese Connected-Car Services With Baidu'], [u"NECKARSULM, Germany \u2014  Germany's Audi will enhance connected-car services in China to meet growing demand for driver-assistance systems and driverless technology in the world's largest auto market.", u"Volkswagen's flagship luxury brand said on Friday it will jointly develop navigation map data, positioning algorithms and point-of-interest functions with China's web services provider Baidu.", u'Chinese Internet companies and auto makers have been quick to team up to start developing partly self-driving and Internet-connected cars, following a path already trodden by U.S. tech giants Google Inc and Apple Inc.', u'"We are now taking our next big step in China," Chief Executive Rupert Stadler said at the carmaker\'s annual shareholder meeting in Neckarsulm, Germany. "The virtual and real worlds are merging."', u'The greater use of electronics and software in vehicles, and the ability of cars to connect to smartphones and other devices, is providing automakers, suppliers and technology firms with new business opportunities.', u'Audi and Baidu agreed a memorandum of understanding in January and will sign a contract on their partnership at the May 25-27 international ', u' (CES) in Shanghai.', u'Ingolstadt-based Audi also said it will develop a China-specific LTE module with Huawei [HWT.UL] to deliver fast-data transmission for use in China, Japan and Korea.', u"Germany's premium carmakers Mercedes, Audi and BMW have teamed up with private equity firm General Atlantic to increase their firepower as they're jointly bidding for Nokia's mapping unit HERE, two sources told Reuters on Thursday.", u'Separately, Audi reaffirmed it aims to increase sales significantly this year beyond the record 1.74 million cars achieved in 2014. This translates into growth of between five and 9.9 percent, a spokesman said.', u'Stadler said the planned Q8 flagship sport-utility vehicle (SUV) will be launched in 2019, a year after a new electric SUV will come to market.', u'(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Christoph Steitz)']), ([u"China's Didi Kuaidi Ups Stakes in Taxi Apps War"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's dominant taxi-hailing firm Didi Kuaidi will spend 1 billion yuan ($161.39 million) on promotions, the company said on Friday, in an aggressive expansion that will help lure in riders and fend of rivals like U.S. firm Uber Technologies Inc.", u'Alongside the basic cab calling function, users of the Didi Kuaidi app will have access to premium cars, carpooling, designated drivers and a service for passengers with special needs, the company said in a statement.', u'The goal is to serve 30 million people a day within three years, Cheng Wei, CEO of Didi Kuaidi, said.', u'If the strategy succeeds, Didi Kuaidi - backed by rival Internet giants Tencent Holdings Ltd and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd - could hammer the final nail into the coffin of its competitors in China.', u'These rivals include Uber, the $40 billion U.S. start-up backed by Chinese search leader Baidu Inc, and local firm Yidao Yongche.', u"Didi Kuaidi, created in a merger in February, is the world's largest smartphone-based transport service, valued at roughly $6 billion, according to person familiar with the deal. The firm already dominates China's taxi hailing market.", u'Didi Kuaidi is moving beyond calling cabs, pitting it squarely against Uber and Yidao Yongche, which use private cars rather than letting people call licensed taxis.', u'Using apps to hire private cars has met with resistance from some authorities in China, which have said the business is illegal and are now beefing up regulation of the sector.', u'Didi Kuaidi operates in 360 cities in China and has 1.35 million drivers. Its premium car service is in 61 cities with 400,000 drivers. Daily calls for taxis have hit 4 million per day, while premium cars are ordered 1.5 million times a day.', u'(Editing by Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u'Toshiba Extends Accounting Probe to Three More Business Units'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japan industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp said on Friday it would investigate accounting practices in its TV, computer and chip businesses, extending a probe already under way into irregularities that led to profits being overstated by at least $415 million in recent years.', u'The move comes after Toshiba last week set up a third-party committee, headed by a former prosecutor, to conduct an independent inquiry in addition to its own internal investigation into accounting problems related to infrastructure and construction work.', u'Toshiba said previously it was likely to mark down operating profit by at least 50 billion yen ($415 million) for the three years through March 2014 after it found inappropriate reporting of some infrastructure project costs and construction work.', u"Shares of Toshiba, whose businesses extend from laptop computers to nuclear power plants, have slid about 20 percent since it disclosed the latest scandal in early April. The stock turned higher after Friday's statement, and was up 0.7 percent in Tokyo, outpacing the broader market, which was flat.", u'The accounting probe - the second at the company in less than two years - has forced Toshiba to delay reporting its earnings for the fiscal year ended in March. On Friday, Toshiba said it plans to release earnings as soon as possible after the probe is complete.', u'(Reporting by Chris Gallagher and Chang-Ran Kim; Editing by Stephen Coates and Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'HP Sells $2.3 Billion China Unit Stake to Forge Partnership With Tsinghua Unigroup'], [u"HONG KONG \u2014  Hewlett-Packard Co will sell a controlling 51 percent stake in its China-based data-networking business to China's Tsinghua Unigroup for at least $2.3 billion, forming a partnership designed to create a Chinese technology powerhouse.", u"State-backed Tsinghua Holdings' subsidiary Unisplendour Corp Ltd will acquire 51 percent of HP's H3C Technologies for at least $2.3 billion, Unisplendour said in a statement to the Shenzhen stock exchange late on Thursday.", u"The U.S. company also said in a statement on Thursday it will form a partnership with Tsinghua Holdings, affiliated with China's elite Tsinghua University, to create a group in China to house H3C's networking operation alongside its China-based server, data-storage and technology-services businesses.", u'HP said in its statement it valued its H3C business at $4.5 billion. The company had previously valued the unit at $5.5 billion, people with knowledge of the matter told Reuters last month.', u"Western tech companies have struggled for customers in China after former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden's revelations of cyberspying program involving U.S. firms. Many of these Western companies are now seeking local partners or selling off assets altogether to Chinese buyers.", u'(Reporting By Yimou Lee; Editing by James Pomfret and Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Disney to Bring Mobile Technology to More Parks'], [u"ANAHEIM, California \u2014  The mobile technology that helps Walt Disney Co theme park guests beat lines and pay for Mickey Mouse ears at the company's flagship resort in Florida will expand in some form to other Disney resorts, Chief Operating Officer Tom Staggs said.", u'The $1 billion MyMagic+ program features wristbands and a mobile app that let Walt Disney World visitors unlock hotel room doors, pay for food and merchandise, and book dinner reservations or ride times.', u'The technology aims to help people plan trips in advance, move more quickly through the park and personalize visits. More than 11 million wristbands, called MagicBands, have been used.', u'"The folks who are saying the MyMagic+ experience is excellent is the vast, vast majority of folks who are using it, and that, we know, is good for our business," Staggs said on Thursday.', u'Staggs spoke in an interview on the patio of an apartment once occupied by Walt Disney at the Disneyland Resort, which is celebrating its 60th anniversary this year.', u'The executive ran the Disney parks and resorts division from 2010 until his promotion in February to chief operating officer, which put him in the lead to succeed Chief Executive Bob Iger in 2018.', u"The parks unit's earnings have climbed over the past few years as Disney invested billions to add Cars Land at the Anaheim resort, expanded Fantasyland at Walt Disney World, built a new cruise ship and made other improvements.", u"For the six months that ended March 28, operating income rose 22 percent to $1.4 billion. It is Disney's second-largest division.", u'Adding new technology is one way Disney aims to keep the business growing.', u'"We will bring variations on MyMagic+ to our parks and other businesses around the world," Staggs said.', u'He said it was "possible" the use of the MagicBands will be enabled at parks outside of Walt Disney World. The company also is exploring if other wearable technology could offer some of the same functions as consumers adopt new products such as the Apple Watch.', u'"We are really open to doing that," Staggs said, though he said there were no plans specifically for the Apple Watch.', u'As part of its 60th anniversary, Disneyland is unveiling new night-time entertainment including a fireworks show that adds projections inside the park. Classic characters such as Mickey will appear along with new ones such as Anna and Elsa from blockbuster movie "Frozen," part of Disney\'s strategy of bringing its hit franchises into the parks.', u'(Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Hewlett-Packard Reports Drop in Profit and Sales'], [u', the computer and printer giant, reported continued declines in profit and sales on Thursday as it prepared to split into two companies later this year.', u'HP, based in Palo Alto, Calif., said on Thursday that net income in the fiscal second quarter fell 21 percent to $1 billion, or 55 cents a share, from the same quarter a year earlier. Revenue fell 7 percent to $25.5 billion.', u'Sales fell short of Wall Street analysts\u2019 revenue expectations of $25.63 billion for the quarter, according to a survey by Thomson Reuters. Excluding some items, the company reported a profit of 87 cents a share, beating analyst estimates on that same basis of 86 cents.', u'\u201cWhile we have some challenges, I\u2019m pleased with where we ended the quarter,\u201d said ', u', chief executive of HP, on the company\u2019s earnings call.', u'The results give investors a progress report on ', u': One will focus on enterprise-computing technologies like servers, and the other will sell products like personal computers and printers. The separation is set to happen at the end of October.', u'HP said the split remained on track and would initially incur operations costs of $400 million to $450 million.', u'The company also said it had appointed several new leaders for both companies. Cathie Lesjak, the chief financial officer, will become chief financial officer of HP Inc.; Chris Hsu will become head of operations for HP\u2019s enterprise division; and Alan May will join HP\u2019s enterprise division as head of human resources.', u'The split stemmed from a shifting technology landscape in which Ms. Whitman struggled to find a way to rev up HP\u2019s growth. While HP is one of the world\u2019s largest technology companies \u2014 making personal computers, computer servers, printers, data storage products and networking gear \u2014 many of those businesses have been battered over the last several years as the company contended with the move to mobile and cloud computing.', u'\u201cToday I\u2019m more convinced than ever this was the right thing to do,\u201d Ms. Whitman said in the call, referring to the split. She added that dividing the company would allow each entity to discover new opportunities and reduce costs.', u'The two independent companies will each be large enough to enter the Fortune 500 and may be better able to react quickly to changing markets than within a large organization. Yet investors question whether the split will slow HP\u2019s product creation and sales, as assets and roles are allocated, and whether competitors will exploit customer confusion to seize market share.', u'Since announcing the plan to split, HP has reported declining profit. In March, the company ', u' for annual earnings.']), ([u'Senate Intelligence Chief to Offer Surveillance Compromise'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The chairman of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said he would announce a compromise bill on bulk telephone data collection on Friday.', u'Republican Chairman Richard Burr said on Thursday he expected votes Friday on a two-month extension of ', u' provisions and a separate bill, to end the bulk data collection program and replace it with a more targeted approach.', u'But he said he did not expect to either to pass the Senate, paving the way for some sort of compromise.', u'(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Doina Chiacu)']), ([u'Toshiba to Expand Accounting Probe to TV, Other Businesses-Media'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Toshiba Corp will expand its accounting probe to other operations with a focus on its TV, computer and chip businesses, public broadcaster NHK reported Friday, as it investigates bookkeeping irregularities for some infrastructure projects.', u'An announcement could be made as early as next week, the Nikkei business daily reported. The probe will cover the five years through March this year, NHK said, citing unnamed sources.', u'A Toshiba spokesman said the reports were not based on any company announcements, adding that it has nothing to announce now regarding the scope of the investigation.', u'The industrial conglomerate last week said it had set up a new committee headed by a former prosecutor to broaden a probe of accounting irregularities that overstated operating profits by at least $420 million in recent years.', u'It is the second accounting investigation in less than two years for Toshiba, whose shares have slid about 20 percent since it disclosed the latest scandal in early April. The stock was down 0.2 percent Friday morning in Tokyo, in line with the broader market.', u'Toshiba has twice delayed reporting its earnings for the year ended in March because of the irregularities. It says it plans to release them as promptly as possible after the new probe is complete.', u'(Reporting by Chris Gallagher; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Hootsuite Says Could Go Public Sooner After Shopify IPO Success'], [u'VANCOUVER/TORONTO \u2014  The successful initial public offering of Shopify could prompt Hootsuite, another promising Canadian tech startup, to tap public markets sooner rather than later, its chief executive said on Thursday.', u'And a raft of other promising technology compatriots could quickly join them, executives and backers say, in a revival of public capital-raising that would boost a commodity-heavy equity market pummeled by plunging oil and metal prices.', u"Ottawa-based Shopify's shares rose as much as 69 percent in the e-commerce software maker's U.S. debut on Thursday, giving it a $2 billion-plus valuation.", u"The CEO of Vancouver-based Hootsuite, which sells software to manage social media to companies and organizations, said the investor enthusiasm for Shopify's launch bolsters their own plans.", u'"I\'ve talked about 18 to 24 months, but I\'m very bullish given the success that Shopify has had, and maybe we will want to speed that up a little bit," Ryan Holmes said at the Canadian Venture Capital and Private Equity Association\'s annual conference in Vancouver.', u'The CEO of D2L Corp, an e-learning company formerly known as Desire2Learn, echoed that sentiment on the sidelines of a Toronto conference, while steering clear of acknowledging a specific IPO plan.', u'"It does nothing to slow it down," D2L\'s John Baker said. "If anything it reinforces that that\'s a great viable option for us if we choose to go down that path in the future."', u'Tom Liston, a managing partner at Difference Capital, said his company has invested in nine "IPO-ready" Canadian companies, including Hootsuite, online building materials supplier BuildDirect, market researcher Vision Critical Communications, and consumer lender Mogo, which filed its preliminary prospectus this week.', u'"It\'s going to prompt more of them to consider that as an option and maybe accelerate plans to go public," Liston said of the impact of the Shopify IPO on Canada\'s tech industry.', u'Technology companies are looking set to supplant energy and mining firms as the driver of Canadian initial public offerings this year as global optimism about tech startups had boosted valuations and spurred early investors to cash out.', u'"I\'m not in a rush to do it just because everybody else is doing it," Hootsuite\'s Holmes said. "I want to have an amazing business and do it for the right reasons, timing is everything and who knows where the market is going to be, but we are moving closer to that (IPO)," said Holmes.', u'(Editing by Steve Orlofsky, Bernard Orr)']), ([u"PayPal's New Chief Promises New Services for a Mobile World"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  As PayPal prepares to split from its corporate parent, its new chief executive is promising to expand the popular online payment system, adding a variety of services for consumers to use when shopping on their phones or in traditional stores.', u"PayPal will be spinning off from parent company eBay later this year at a time when it's facing new competitive challenges. Alibaba, Amazon and even Facebook are promoting online payment systems, while Apple Pay and Google Wallet are competing to handle transactions in stores and on mobile devices.", u'Veteran executive Dan Schulman, who will be CEO of the new PayPal, says his company will compete by positioning itself as a "full-service" payments partner for consumers and merchants, handling mobile transactions, credit purchases and even customer loyalty rewards programs.', u'PayPal was best known for many years as a payment method for purchases made on desktop computers. But consumers are increasingly using mobile phones to shop online and even when they make purchases in traditional, brick-and-mortar stores. Almost a third of transactions handled by PayPal are now made on mobile devices.', u'"Those worlds are blurring," Schulman told The Associated Press in an interview Thursday. "When you go into a store environment, and you have your mobile phone with you, it should be a simple step to do a checkout from that device."', u'Schulman spoke after an event where PayPal announced new partnerships with companies that help merchants sell goods online around the world, including in India and China. PayPal also touted a recent partnership with Burger King that lets consumers pay for their meals with a smartphone app.', u'"We want to be more than just a button on a merchant\'s website," Schulman said. "We really want to provide a full suite of services and products."', u"That includes expanding a PayPal credit service that lets shoppers spread payments over time and the Venmo mobile app that lets individuals exchange small sums when they split a bill or repay a debt. PayPal is also extending a service for websites and mobile apps that remembers an individual's account information and shipping address, so they don't have to be re-typed with every new purchase.", u"PayPal, which is based in San Jose, California, has stumbled in one arena. Without admitting wrongdoing, the company agreed this week to pay $25 million over U.S. regulators' allegations that it signed up some customers for credit they didn't want.", u'"Sometimes you try and do things and they\'re not always perfect. We want to fix them as much as any regulator wants to fix them," Schulman said.']), ([u"U.S. to Release Some Clinton Benghazi Emails 'Very, Very Soon'"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. State Department will release "very, very soon" a first tranche of former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton\'s emails relating to an attack in 2012 on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya.', u'"We will be releasing very, very soon the first set we said we would release of the documents that have already been provided to the committee that are related to Benghazi," State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf told reporters, referring to a House of Representatives committee investigating the attack.', u'(Reporting by Arshad Mohammed; Editing by Bernadette Baum)']), ([u'Russia Warns Google, Twitter and Facebook on Law Violations'], [u"MOSCOW/FRANKFURT \u2014  Russia's media watchdog has written to Google, Twitter and Facebook warning them against violating Russian Internet laws and a spokesman said on Thursday they risk being blocked if they do not comply with the rules.", u'Roskomnadzor said it had sent letters this week to the three U.S.-based Internet firms asking them to comply with Internet laws which critics of President Vladimir Putin have decried as censorship.\xa0', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "In our letters we regularly remind (companies) of the consequences of violating the legislation," said Roskomnadzor spokesman Vadim Ampelonsky.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0He added that, because of the encryption technology used by the three firms, Russia had no way of blocking specific websites and so could only bring down particular content it deemed in violation of law by blocking access to their whole services.', u'To comply with the law, the three firms must hand over data on Russian bloggers with more than 3,000 readers per day, and take down websites that Roskomnadzor sees as containing calls for "unsanctioned protests and unrest", Ampelonsky said.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Putin, a former KGB spy, once described the Internet as a project of the CIA, highlighting deep distrust between Moscow and Washington, whose ties are now badly strained.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 He promised late last year not to put the Internet under full government control, but Kremlin critics see the Internet laws as part of a crackdown on freedom of speech since Putin returned to the Kremlin for a third term in 2012.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 A law passed last year gives Russian prosecutors the right to block without a court decision websites with information about protests that have not been sanctioned by authorities.', u'Under other legislation, bloggers with large followings must go through an official registration procedure and have their identities confirmed by a government agency.', u'\xa0 \xa0\xa0Facebook says it responds to government data requests about its users that comply with company policies and local laws and meet international standards of legal process.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0A company website that publishes statistics on how Facebook handles data requests shows it rejected both of two Russian government requests for information on its users last year. In contrast, it produced some data in response to nearly 80 percent of over 14,000 requests made by U.S. courts, police and government agencies in the second six months of 2014.', u"Twitter had a similar response rate in the United States but rejected 108 Russian government requests in the second half of last year, according to data on the company's government Transparency Report site.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0In its semi-annual Transparency Report, Google said it provided some information on users in response to 5 percent of 134 Russian government requests made in the second half of 2014 -- again far less than in the United States. The company says it complies with requests that follow accepted legal procedures and Google policies.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "We realize they are registered under U.S. jurisdiction. But I think in this case they should demonstrate equal respect to national legislation," Ampelonsky said.', u'If the companies do not pay more attention to Russian government requests for data, he added, "we will need to apply sanctions".', u'(Editing by Gabriela Baczynska and Catherine Evans)']), ([u'U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry\u2019s aid to rival nations.', u'The department said it was following through on an international commitment to address the evolution of warfare to include more technology.', u'But some security researchers said the rules, which are subject to public comment for 60 days, would fail to curb the black market while hindering cross-border collaboration and sales of defensive products.', u'The regulations are broadly written and cover what are known as \u201czero-day\u201d flaws, or security vulnerabilities that the software vendors do not know about.', u'Hackers and defense contractors often sell information about such flaws to government agencies or the maker of the software, and internal U.S. sales could continue.', u'But sales of zero-day and supporting capabilities would be barred without special license outside of the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.', u'One way zero-day flaws can be exploited is by repressive regimes using the holes in the software for surveillance, and the document notes human rights concerns in the trade.', u'\u201cI remember thinking licensing zero-day brokers is a good idea to a degree. You prevent someone in the U.S. from selling to Iran,\u201d said Adriel Desautels, chief executive of penetration testing firm Netragard Inc.', u'\u201cSome form of licensing or regulation is useful. But the form of regulation being proposed is potentially very damaging to the security industry as a whole...It\u2019s flat out stupid.\u201d', u'The regulations come as a follow-up to a 2013 agreement among 41 nations that some penetration software should be subject to controls alongside the likes of nuclear and chemical weapons components.', u'Several researchers said that the large U.S. defense contractors, which find or pay for many software flaws and sell them to intelligence agencies, the military and law enforcement, would have no difficulty in hiring export lawyers to obtain licenses for some overseas sales.', u'But law-abiding mid-size and small security companies, along with independent researchers, will be much more likely to give up on selling across borders, leaving those markets to criminals.', u'\u201cIt could have major impacts against how we do vulnerability research and protecting our systems,\u201d said Rand Corp expert Lillian Ablon, who has studied the zero-day markets. \u201cIf we are restricting the ability of the white hats to find the vulnerabilities, it\u2019s only making it easier for the bad guys.\u201d', u'Though there exemptions for open-source software and for scientific research, if adopted the rules could have a profound impact on the legitimate markets for flaws and the tools that exploit them just as they are coming into the open and maturing.', u'Many more companies have recently begun paying \u201cbug bounties\u201d to reward researchers who find security holes in their products, instead of driving them to sell to governments or hackers. A handful of startups have brought new professionalism and structure to reporting-and-reward systems, making them practical even for smaller companies.', u'In the future, said Katie Moussouris, chief policy officer at one of those venture-backed companies, HackerOne, overseas corporations might have to offer researchers both cash rewards and guidance on obtaining export licenses, simply to make their own programs more secure.', u'(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Mind-Controlled Prosthetic Limbs Allow Precise, Smooth Movement'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  More than a decade after becoming paralyzed from the neck down, Erik Sorto has been unable to perform even the simplest of daily tasks.', u'"That was the ultimate goal: to drink a beer by myself," said Sorto, a 34-year-old from Los Angeles who became a quadriplegic after a 2002 gunshot wound.', u'Things may be looking up for Sorto and others with similar disabilities. Scientists on Thursday described a better way to harness mind power to move prosthetic limbs.', u"Microelectrodes, implanted in the part of the brain that controls a person's intention to perform a movement, enabled a patient to fluidly guide a robotic arm, they said.", u"In a study published in the Science journal, surgeons at Keck Medicine of the University of Southern California placed a pair of small electrode arrays into Sorto's posterior parietal cortex, or PPC.", u"These neural prosthetics were then connected to computers that processed Sorto's brain signals and determined his intent, allowing him to control a robotic arm mounted to a table nearby, or a computer cursor.", u'"Mr. Sorto was able to learn to grasp different objects, play \'rock-paper-scissors,\' play video games, drink a beverage," said California Institute of Technology neuroscientist Richard Andersen, who led the study.', u'"The PPC is a rich source of signals that can be used to determine the goals of a paralyzed subject," said Andersen. "These signals can be used to control \'smart\' robotics and computers that can work out the details of movement of external devices such as a robotic limb."', u"Neural prosthetic devices have previously been implanted in paralyzed patients' motor cortex, the part of the brain that directly controls body movement. However, while those patients could control a robotic limb, movement was delayed and jerky.", u'Implanting the neuroprosthetics in the part of the brain that controls the intent to move yielded a more natural motion.', u'Sorto said he had a few tasks lined up.', u'"On the top of the list is that I want to be able to groom myself. I want to be able to brush my teeth by myself," he said.', u'And he was indeed able to drink his own beer.', u'"When I was able to do it with the robotic arm, it just reassured me that somehow in the future, people with my disability will be able to have some sort of independence," said Sorto. "And with that will come some sort of self-pride."', u'(Editing by Bernadette Baum)']), ([u'New App Aims to Create Gender-Inclusive Online Community'], [u'NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Frustrated by what he saw as the non-inclusive world of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) mobile apps, a Harvard student set out to create one that would be truly inclusive of all genders.', u'According to young developer Eric Cervini, most social networking and dating apps that cater to the LGBTQ community rigidly categorize their users by gender identity, sexual orientation and physical appearance.', u'"When we log on, we\'re constantly told to be a man, to have a perfect body, to act or to talk a certain way, to be someone other than who we truly are," California-born Cervini said in a statement.', u'His app "Q" lets users choose from over 20 genders to include all those who identify as queer, a term used by some to encompass the many facets of gender identity and sexual orientation.', u"In the United States and beyond, a growing movement views gender as a complex, mainly psychological phenomenon in which a person's external anatomy is no longer the defining factor.", u'According to Cervini, Q is "a community-driven social networking app for humans - of all genders and sexual orientations - who identify as queer."', u'The app still allows some filtering and requires members to display first names and faces while encouraging them to describe themselves in "memoirs" that have no character limit.', u'"Q is...about creating a queer community that is devoted to making its members of any gender or background feel welcome," said Cervini.', u'If the Kickstarter campaign to fund a polished version of Q for release is successful, the app will be available for iPhone and Android in June.', u'(Reporting by Maria Caspani, Editing by Tim Pearce)']), ([u'Worldwide Chromebook Sales Set to Reach 7.3 Million Units in 2015: Gartner'], [u'(Reuters) - Market research firm Gartner Inc estimated 7.3 million Chromebooks would be sold this year, helped mainly by demand from the education industry.', u"Chromebooks are computers powered by Google Inc's Chrome Operating System, designed to be used primarily online.", u'Gartner said its sales estimate was an increase of 27 percent from 2014, when the education industry accounted for 72 percent of sales.', u'Despite an interest about Chromebooks among small and medium businesses, demand from businesses was yet to pick up, Gartner said.', u'North America was the biggest market in 2014, accounting for 84 percent sales. While EMEA fetched 11 percent sales, Asia pacific contributed less than 3 percent, with demand in Australia, New Zealand and Japan.', u'(Reporting By Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'U.S. House Leader: Senate Must Act on Bulk Data Collection'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday urged the Senate to pass a bill, already approved by the House, to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone records and replace it with a more targeted system.", u'"The House has acted. It\'s time for the Senate to act," House Speaker John Boehner told a news conference.', u'He spoke hours before House members were expected to leave Washington for a 10-day recess, returning just as the legislation allowing the bulk collection expires on June 1. The Senate is due to leave Washington at the end of this week.', u'Even though the Senate and House are both controlled by Republicans, congressional leaders have been unable to agree on  how to deal with the surveillance program exposed two years ago by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.', u'Boehner said there is "a big disconnect" between how the Senate and House view the USA Freedom Act, which the House passed May 13.', u'"I\'ve been surprised by it, but at the end of the day, we\'ve got to work our way through this issue. I\'ve no doubt that at some point, we will," he told reporters.', u'When asked if the House would pass an extension of the provisions of the ', u' that provide the legal justification for the so-called "metadata" collection program and are expiring on June 1, Boehner said only that the House would consider it.', u'"If they act, we\'ll take certainly a look at what they do and make a decision on how to proceed," he said.', u'(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle and David Lawder; Editing by Susan Heavey)']), ([u'App Aims to Help Trafficking Victims Break the Language Barrier'], [u'LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - It was while traveling in Thailand after graduating from college that Duane Dunston became aware of modern-day slavery, through local press reports of families selling their children and women forced into sex work.', u'"The issue of human trafficking really stuck with me when I got back to the United States," said Dunston, who embarked on a career in computing after a degree in sociology.', u'Later, as a cyber security professor, he decided to use his expertise to help law enforcement agencies communicate with victims of slavery - by creating an app.', u'The app "You Have a Voice" is designed to enable victims to describe the nature of their enslavement or exploitation in their native language by answering a series of questions.', u'Answering sensitive questions by using the app rather than speaking directly to officers could reduce the shame and fear that often stops victims from speaking out, and help police to arrest traffickers and save other victims, said Dunston, who became a professor at Champlain College in Vermont, USA.', u'"Cops I\'ve spoken with keep talking about the language barrier, whether it\'s because the victims don\'t speak English or don\'t want to speak to police due to a lack of trust," he told the Thomson Reuters Foundation by phone.', u'There are no official estimates of the number of people  trapped in slavery in the United States - whether sold for sex, forced to work in factories and fields, or born into servitude.', u'Yet the National Center for Missing\xa0and\xa0Exploited Children\xa0estimates that some 100,000 American children are forced into sex work each year, and experts say the total number of victims of modern slavery is likely to be far higher.', u'TURNING TO TECHNOLOGY', u'From facial recognition software to extracting data from phones, U.S. police officers and prosecutors are increasingly turning to technology to outwit traffickers, experts say.', u'Three in four trafficking victims in the United States are sold into sex work or slave labor via websites and social media, according to the U.S.-based International Association of Human Trafficking Investigators (IAHTI).', u'"In today\'s technology filled world... we need to maintain the technological edge to stay one step ahead of criminal organizations," said Jeremy Lewis, executive director of IAHTI, which provides training for anti-trafficking officers worldwide.', u'Dunston has attended several human trafficking conferences to get feedback on his app from law enforcement agencies and experts in the field, and will present his work to the annual IAHTI conference in Florida at the end of May.', u'While apps like his have been used by police before, he said the fact his app, which is still in development, would be available across all platforms and operating systems and free of charge will set it apart.', u'The college professor, who has also written two novels about human trafficking, is working with his students to translate the app into the 10 most common languages spoken by trafficking victims, including Arabic, French, Mandarin and Spanish.', u'If adopted and widely used by law enforcement agencies around the world, Dunston said the project could lead to the creation of similar apps to help the victims of other crimes including domestic abuse.', u'"The whole idea behind this technology is to communicate with victims in their native language as a gesture of compassion, safety and hope," Dunston said.', u'(Reporting By Kieran Guilbert; Editing by Tim Pearce)']), ([u'Research Group Says UC Browser, Owned by Alibaba, Found to Leak Data'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  A popular mobile web browser from a company that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd paid more than $1 billion for last year leaks sensitive user data and is a privacy risk, a Canadian technology research group said on Thursday.', u'Citizen Lab said Chinese and English-language versions of UC Browser, developed by UCWeb Inc, made easily available to third parties personally identifiable information like location, search details and mobile subscriber and device numbers.', u'The transmission of this information "represents a privacy risk for users because it allows anyone with access to the data traffic to identify users and their devices, and collect their private search data", it said in a report.', u"Alibaba spokesman Bob Christie said the problems were immediately fixed and customers notified of an update to the browser after Citizen Lab brought the issues to Alibaba's attention in April.", u'"We take security very seriously and we do everything possible to protect our users," he said.', u'A UCWeb spokesman declined immediate comment.', u'Citizen Lab, based at the University of Toronto, said UC Browser had more than 500 million registered users and was the most popular web browser in China and India.', u'Citizen Lab said the Chinese version was more vulnerable and said that by installing and opening that version users exposed "a significant number" of personal identifiers and location information to third parties.', u'"By leaking a large volume of fine-grained data points to multiple network operators, the UC Browser app is increasing the risks to its users that such data may be used against them by authorities, criminals, or other third parties," it said.', u'Alibaba acquired UCWeb last June, in what was at the time the biggest merger in Chinese internet history.', u'(Reporting by John Ruwitch; Editing by Ruth Pitchford and David Holmes)']), ([u'Ireland Says Gay Marriage Good for Business'], [u'DUBLIN \u2014  Gay marriage can help attract foreign investment, the Irish government said on Thursday ahead of a referendum on the issue that has been publicly backed by global technology giants including Google, Ebay and Twitter.', u"When Ireland began to attract U.S. firms with tax breaks in the 1960s, the government was still using the country's traditional, Catholic image to attract Irish American visitors.", u'Five decades later it is putting its faith in a more secular, multicultural image it hopes the Irish electorate will bolster by voting in favor of gay marriage in a national referendum on Friday.', u'Polls have indicated it will be passed by a margin of as much as two-to-one.', u'"I have no doubt that a \'Yes\' vote would be helpful for Ireland and helpful for businesses to grow," jobs minister Richard Bruton told reporters on Thursday at the Dublin offices of Utah-based technology firm Qualtrics.', u'Qualtrics is the latest in a long list of U.S technology firms to set up European headquarters in the capital, creating 100 jobs. U.S. employers account for one in 10 jobs in Ireland, attracted by a low 12.5 percent corporate tax rate.', u'"It would be good for Ireland, we are now a very vibrant, multicultural society, we are generous, we support equality," he said.', u"Prime Minister Enda Kenny and the head of the state body charged with attracting investment into Ireland have both said a 'No' vote would send a very negative message abroad.", u"Technology companies in Dublin's so-called Silicon Docks have attracted thousands of international staff, making it one of the most multicultural areas of the city.", u'Google and eBay posted videos of some of those employees voicing their support for gay marriage on behalf of gay children and partners.', u"But 'No' campaigners say government and media campaigns in favor of gay marriage have stifled debate, accusing Twitter of interfering when its local chief executive wrote that Ireland's international business reputation would be enhanced if the referendum is approved.", u"While Ireland was the last country in Western Europe to decriminalize gay sex, social attitudes have shifted as the Church's domination of politics collapsed after a series of sex abuse scandals.", u'Foreign investment is crucial for Ireland, helping shelter the economy from the worst of a crisis that landed it in an international bailout in 2010.', u'"Failure to support civil marriage equality may do untold damage to Ireland\'s international reputation," the Irish Business and Employers Confederation (IBEC) said in support of gay marriage.', u'"The diversity and inclusion policies of companies could be undermined."', u'(Additional reporting by Conor Humphries)']), ([u'Stuck in Gaza, Hackers Open Lines to the World'], [u'GAZA \u2014  With jobs scarce and time on their hands, some tech-savvy Gazans have found a new way to make money - hacking Internet-based phone lines and routing international calls for a fee.', u'Voice Over Internet Protocol (VoIP) hacking has been a phenomenon for years. But now Gaza, sealed off by a blockade imposed by Israel and Egypt, is getting in on the act by using the strongest link it has to the outside world - the Internet.', u'There are various ways of hacking VoIP networks, but people familiar with the practice in Gaza say it involves using dedicated servers to scoop up as many telephone IP addresses as possible, especially from big corporations and businesses.', u"Then follows a time-consuming process of testing possible username and password combinations against the addresses. Since people often do not change their default credentials, it's only a matter of time before many of these accounts are compromised. At that point the line, and any credit attached to it, is under the hackers' control.", u"The hackers' then sell the access to a third party - sometimes a legitimate business, sometimes another VoIP squatter - and get paid by electronic transfer.", u"For those doing it in Gaza, a strip of land 40 km long and 10 km wide, where 1.8 million people live, it's a chance to use their technical skills to earn cash at a time when jobs are few and unemployment hovers at 50 percent.", u'"What can we do? Die or find a way to live?" one 25-year-old hacker, working out of a house in southern Gaza, told Reuters. He and others requested anonymity.', u'A successful hacker can do well. Some are said to earn up to $50,000 a month if they manage to get hold of good lines, although they can also go weeks without earning anything.', u'The 25-year-old said his aim was to make enough to be able to get married "like all other friends my age", and side-stepped questions about the legality of his activities.', u'"Maybe you can call this stealing, but those companies abroad have insurance," he said.', u'VoIP fraud is a big business. The Communications Fraud Control Association, a U.S.-based industry body, listed it as one of the top five methods of fraud, with losses of $3.62 billion in 2013, the latest available data.', u'Gaza-based lawyer Mustafa Totah told Reuters it was hard to crack down on the activity because no specific complaints were being made, a point echoed by local police.', u"In fact, Gaza's isolation may be the hackers' best protection. In other cases, perpetrators have been arrested when they entered a country where their ill-gotten IP addresses were being sold on or used. But since few people can easily move in and out of Gaza, the chances of that happening are slim.", u'(Editing by Luke Baker/Hugh Lawson)']), ([u'Carmakers Team Up With General Atlantic to Bid for Nokia Map Firm: Sources'], [u"FRANKFURT \u2014  Germany's premium carmakers Mercedes, Audi and BMW have teamed up with private equity firm General Atlantic to increase their firepower to acquire Nokia's mapping unit HERE, according to two people familiar with the matter.", u"Finland's Nokia started a strategic review of its maps business last month, setting in motion an auction process that has pitted Internet players like Uber and Baidu against carmakers in a deal that could be worth up to $4 billion. The review came after Nokia announced a 15.6 billion-euro takeover of network equipment maker Alcatel Lucent.", u'One financial industry source said on Thursday that General Atlantic would likely take a 30 percent stake in the auto industry-led consortium, but that the exact percentage had not yet been finalised and could change.', u'A separate source, from the auto industry, said that each of the three carmakers was prepared to chip in up to 700 million euros ($780 million) but that the percentage stakes of each manufacturer was not yet fixed.', u'The carmakers have made an indicative offer for an undisclosed amount. But they have not heard back from Nokia and are waiting for a response before they weigh whether to top up their bid, another auto industry figure said.', u'"The upper limit is basically what it would cost to build the maps through other means, by partnering with another player or going it alone, for example," the auto industry source said.', u'A second financial industry source said carmakers were ready to include other financial players in their consortium, but will demand they retain overall control of the map assets. There is no hard deadline for final offers but the process is at its end and could come to a head in days rather than weeks.', u"Nokia, Mercedes-Benz parent Daimler, BMW and Volkswagen's Audi declined to comment. General Atlantic Partners, which is based in Greenwich, Connecticut, also declined to comment.", u'RIVAL BIDS', u"Analysts put the potential value of Nokia's HERE navigation business at 2 billion euros to 4 billion euros.", u'Based on current bids, the value has climbed to the upper end of that range, a second auto industry source familiar with the discussions said, adding that the $3 billion valuation mooted previously had been "overtaken by events" but that far higher estimates of up to $6 billion were exaggerated.', u"Local transport services firm Uber Technologies Inc is teaming up with China's web services provider Baidu and private equity firm Apax Partners to bid for HERE, for undisclosed terms, people with knowledge of the matter said.", u'Another group, which teams media, mobile and Internet services firm Tencent Holdings, map maker NavInfo Co., both of China, with Swedish buyout firm EQT Partners AB, is also bidding, three sources said, asking not to be identified as negotiations are private.', u'Auto industry players remain fairly relaxed about their chances as a snub to them could potentially be costly for HERE, as it depends on carmakers - which use its maps in vehicle navigation systems - for more than half of its revenue.', u'Carmakers are counting on these maps to provide crucial context for collision-detection systems in future cars. But they believe other options exist, including turning to rival TomTom, industry sources said.', u'"We are not out of the race as far as we know and Nokia would also have something to worry about if we were," the first automotive industry source said.', u'Morgan Stanley upgraded its stock rating on Dutch navigation software company TomTom on Thursday, arguing that the sale of HERE would leave it as the only independent global map maker.', u'Shares of TomTom jumped 7 percent on Tuesday after the company said existing customer Apple Inc had renewed a deal to license its maps in Apple products. The stock is now trading at levels not seen since 2009.', u'($1 = 0.8974 euros)', u'(Additional reporting by Andreas Cremer and Freya Berry; Writing by Eric Auchard; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and Pravin Char)']), ([u'Not So Fast: Connected Cars Could Cause Data Traffic Jams'], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  Traffic jams in the future could cause potentially dangerous data snarl-ups as cars packed with entertainment, safety and navigation features vie for airwaves with smartphones, tablets and networked features in other vehicles, according to a study.', u'By 2024, mobile networks will see machine-to-machine (M2M) connections jump 10-fold to 2.3 billion from 250 million in 2014. Half these links will be automotive, said the study published on Thursday by Machina Research.', u'On the roads, about one in five vehicles worldwide will have some form of wireless network connection by 2020, or more than a quarter of a billion connected vehicles, according to a forecast from technology research firm Gartner.', u'Connected cars with onboard Wi-Fi connections could cause spikes in cellular data demand when traffic grinds to a halt as drivers seek alternative routes and bored passengers search for entertainment on phones and tablets, the Machina study says.', u'It says car navigation and collision detection systems that rely on local networks to identify obstacles could then become strained, if they are not carefully designed and regulated.', u'The report says the dangers will mount over the next decade but stops short of painting a picture of bloody roadside pile-ups. Such scenarios can be averted if network operators pay more attention to managing surging, unpredictable data demands in congested areas and device makers do more to ensure their products do not interfere with other network users.', u'PEAK TRAFFIC', u'"In terms of overall data volumes, connected cars don\'t present much of a problem," said Matt Hatton, founder and chief executive of Machina, a British market research firm specializing in machine-to-machine data communications.', u'"But network resource management is not based on total traffic volume. It\'s based on particular cell sites during peak times of network use," Hatton said of the antennas and equipment used to transfer mobile calls and data to and from a local area.', u'Peak traffic in rush hour could double in the immediate vicinity of congested areas due to the electronics on board connected cars, Machina estimates.', u'Already, most drivers stuck in traffic jams expect mobile phone coverage to drop out from the sheer volume of callers who suddenly find themselves bumper-to-bumper.', u'Less noticeably, phone users in densely populated areas can see superfast 4G data connections drop to slower 3G links or even 2G connections capable only of limited data transfers.', u'But while phones make minimal demands on a network until a user downloads a video, updates email or makes a call, network congestion multiplies when drivers converge in road traffic.', u'"Connected cars, as with other M2M devices, don\'t behave like smartphones," Hatton said, due in part to the vastly more diverse set of devices that will come into play with so many machines talking to other machines.', u'The Machina report was sponsored by TEOCO, a Fairfax, Virginia-based provider of network management services to major telecom network operators worldwide.', u'(Editing by David Clarke)']), ([u'Philips and Carrefour Use Lights to Beam Coupons to Shoppers'], [u'AMSTERDAM \u2014  Philips has struck its first deal to sell lights with built-in technology that can track shoppers as they move through a grocery store, beaming pop-up coupons to their smartphones.', u"The world's largest maker of lights said on Thursday France's biggest retailer Carrefour had agreed to try out the system at a large store in Lille, northern France.", u'Shoppers interested in using the service will need to install a Carrefour mobile software app on their smartphones and opt in.', u'The LED lights used in the store can then transmit data to smartphones using light pulses not detectable by the human eye, but registered by smartphone cameras.', u'As a shopper passes by, say, the juice aisle, the app could be used to display coupons or more detailed information about the products on the shelves.', u'Philips and Carrefour did not provide financial details of the deal.', u'(Reporting by Toby Sterling; Editing by Mark Potter)']), ([u'eBay to Roll Out Amazon Prime-Like Service in Germany: WSJ'], [u'(Reuters) - EBay Inc plans to launch a new shipping service, eBay plus, in Germany in the second half of this year, the Wall Street Journal reported.', u'An eBay spokeswoman declined to disclose the price and said the company will share further details once the service is introduced, the Journal said.', u'Reuters reported in November last year that eBay is exploring  other delivery options for the United States, Germany and other markets.', u"EBay plus, which is similar to Amazon.com Inc's Prime service, will offer fast and free shipping and returns to customers, the newspaper reported. (", u')', u'EBay promises discounts on selling fees and a subsidy to help cut the cost of shipping and returns, the company spokeswoman told the Journal.', u'Sellers will have to dispatch goods on the day they are purchased and offer free returns within one month, it said.', u'It is not yet clear if eBay plans to take this shipping service in countries outside Germany, the report said.', u"Reuters reported last week that Wal-Mart Stores Inc is also testing a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year, about half the cost of Amazon's Prime service.", u'EBay confirmed in April that it has agreed to spin off its PayPal payments division in the second half of this year.', u'EBay could not be reached for comments outside regular business hours.', u'(Reporting By Rishika Sadam in Bangalore; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'SoftBank President Arora to Replace Son as Yahoo Japan Chairman'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Yahoo Japan Corp said on Thursday that SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son would step down as its chairman in June, to be succeeded by SoftBank President Nikesh Arora.', u'Son will stay on as a director at Yahoo Japan, in which SoftBank owns a stake of about 36 percent.', u'"Nikesh Arora brings with him a broad global perspective as well as extensive knowledge of Internet businesses," Yahoo Japan said in a statement.', u'SoftBank this month appointed Arora, a former Google executive, as president, and named him as a potential successor to Son, the billionaire founder of the telecoms conglomerate.', u'(Reporting by Chris Gallagher; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)']), ([u"Elbit Systems Buys Nice's Cyber Unit for Up to $158 Million"], [u"TEL AVIV \u2014  Israeli defense electronics firm Elbit Systems has  agreed to buy Nice Systems' cyber and intelligence division for $157.9 million as it seeks to boost its presence in this fast-growing market.", u"Elbit, Israel's largest listed defense company, will pay $117.9 million in cash at closure of the deal, expected in the third quarter. An additional amount of up to $40 million will be paid based upon the business' future performance.", u"Nice's cyber and intelligence division provides law enforcement agencies and intelligence organizations with tools for generating intelligence from communications.", u"The division will be acquired by CYBERBIT, Elbit's subsidiary that was recently established to consolidate the company's activities in cyber intelligence and cyber security.", u'"Nice is a well-known world leader in the cyber intelligence industry and its business activities and capabilities are complementary to ours," Elbit Chief Executive Bezhalel Machlis said on Thursday.', u'Machlis said earlier this week he sees cyber security and intelligence as growth engines for the company, whose drones and surveillance systems are top sellers around the world.', u'Nice, whose analytical software enables companies to spot fraud and fend off security threats, said the sale would allow it to place greater focus on its core markets.', u'It said its previous forecast included a full-year contribution from the intelligence division of $80 million in revenue and 9 cents in diluted earnings per share (EPS) excluding one-off items.', u'For the second quarter its forecast included a contribution of $20 million in revenue and 3 cents in adjusted EPS.', u'As a result of this agreement, Nice now expects second quarter revenue from its continued operations to be in a range of $229 million to $237 million, compared with a previous forecast of $249 million to $257 million. It estimates second quarter EPS of 64-70 cents, down from 67-73 cents.', u'For the full year, Nice estimates 2015 revenue of $985 million to $1.005 billion and adjusted EPS of $3.01-$3.12. It expects the sale will be neutral to earnings in 2016.', u'(Reporting by Tova Cohen; Editing by Steven Scheer and Mark Potter)']), ([u'Lenovo Annual Profit Up 1 Percent, Missing Forecasts, Amid China Smartphone Competition'], [u"BEIJING/HONG KONG \u2014  Lenovo Group Ltd, the world's biggest PC maker by sales, said on Thursday its annual net profit rose 1 percent to $829 million, slightly below analyst expectations, as intense competition in the Chinese smartphone market eroded margins.", u'Analysts had forecast a net profit of $857 million.', u'Revenue during the 2014/15 financial year rose 20 percent to $46.3 billion as Lenovo expanded its share of the shrinking PC market to one-fifth. In the fourth-quarter alone, revenue rose 21 percent to $11.3 billion.', u"Lenovo said PC sales, by far the group's largest business,  rose across all geographic regions but targeted Europe in particular as an area of potential growth. PC sales to businesses rose 3 percent year-on-year despite a 3 percent drop in the broader market, it added.", u"Speaking to reporters in Hong Kong on Thursday, Yang acknowledged Lenovo's smartphone business was flagging on its home turf, a slowing market characterized by intense competition and razor-thin margins.", u"Industry analyst group IDC said last week smartphone shipments in the world's most populous country shrank for the first time in six years as the market became saturated.", u"Yang said the company needed to improve profitability in China after the smartphone division's performance crimped Lenovo's overall operating margin in China.", u'"We have encountered bigger challenges in China during the past few years," Yang said. "Our advantage was at the carriers sales channels in the past, but now we need to rebuild our retail and online sales channels."', u'Lenovo, whose phones are selling well in markets outside China, recently launched a sub-brand called ShenQi that is sold only online in a bid to attract young, price- and fashion-conscious buyers and ward off Internet-based rivals like Xiaomi Inc.', u"Lenovo has been expanding into enterprise computing and smartphones to offset the decline in PC sales globally. The Beijing-based firm closed in October its $2.1 billion acquisition of IBM's low-end server unit and also its $2.9 billion purchase of Motorola.", u'The company said both the IBM unit and Motorola were "on track to deliver their targets", with Motorola, which re-entered the Chinese market in January, set to turn profitable within 4 to 6 months. The American handset maker accounted for 7.8 million out of Lenovo\'s total 18.7 million mobile units sold during the quarter.', u"Yang also downplayed reports that the U.S. Navy would replace its IBM low-end servers out of cybersecurity concerns following the unit's transfer to a Chinese owner. He said the matter could be resolved and would not affect Lenovo's business.", u'"Lenovo is trusted and respected worldwide and our PC business has also expanded globally including in the U.S. government and army. We haven\'t heard such complaints...We are willing to communicate with the U.S. government to solve problems."', u'After beating earnings expectations in consecutive quarters, Lenovo shares have risen nearly 50 percent to HK $13.6 in the past 12 months, outpacing the 23 percent gain in the broader market.', u'(Reporting by Gerry Shih in Biejing and Yimou Lee in Hong Kong; Editing by Miral Fahmy/Mark Heinrich)']), ([u'Future of Domestic Surveillance Powers Uncertain as Congress Fights'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  The future of the U.S. government's power to spy on Americans' phone calls was up in the air on Thursday as Congress fought over proposed reforms, with no clear outcome in sight.", u"Lawmakers were close to deadlock over the central question of how far citizens' privacy rights should be infringed to protect the country from violent extremists.", u'Experts also disagreed on how counter-terrorism might be affected if lawmakers failed to prevent the June 1 expiration of portions of the ', u', which was approved after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.', u'The White House backs a reform measure known as the USA Freedom Act, which the House of Representatives passed on May 13 but has not come up for a vote in the Senate.', u'The Freedom Act would replace bulk phone-data collection and other domestic surveillance practices that are permitted under the Patriot Act, introducing more targeted procedures. Privacy rights activists have been clamoring for such reforms since former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden exposed the surveillance program two years ago.', u'Officials from President Barack Obama\'s Democratic administration have been lobbying the Republican-controled Congress to support the Freedom Act, calling it the best way to prevent "a very uncertain future" for the national security authorities.', u'Some experts disagreed.', u'"Our intelligence capabilities against terrorists will take a hit" if the Freedom Act becomes law, Stewart Baker, former general counsel at the National Security Agency, told Reuters.', u'If Congress lets the provisions of the Patriot Act simply expire, it would mean "a double hit," Baker said. "That would leave terrorism investigators without tools that drug crime investigators use every day. That\'s nuts."', u'With the House of Representatives adjourned until June 1 for the Memorial Day recess, the Senate was juggling several decisions.', u'The picture became more complicated when Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr said on Thursday he would offer compromise legislation that would includes parts of the Freedom Act, give the NSA two years to wrap up the bulk data program and keep in place other less-controversial pieces of the Patriot Act.', u'He said he expected votes on Friday in the Senate on the Freedom Act and a two-month extension of the existing surveillance powers, but predicted neither would pass. He said he hoped instead for a days-long extension to allow debate on his compromise.', u'"I don\'t think that any member outside of Senator Paul wants to see the program go away," Burr told reporters, referring to Rand Paul, a Republican candidate for next year\'s presidential election, who led 10 hours of speeches on Wednesday opposing the Patriot Act.', u'Julian Sanchez of the libertarian-leaning Cato Institute played down the impact of ending the surveillance, saying of the potential cessation of bulk telephony metadata collection that  two independent reviews had found it to be "of little if any real utility."', u'(Additional reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh, Susan Heavey, Andrew Hay and Frances Kerry)']), ([u"China's ZTE Seeks More NBA Partnerships to Boost U.S. Smartphone Sales"], [u'HONG KONG \u2014  Chinese smartphone maker ZTE Corp is planning to sponsor more NBA teams to boost its brand in the United States where the company aims to become the No. 3  smartphone vendor in three years time.', u"The Shenzhen-based company currently sponsors three U.S. National Basketball Association and tripled its U.S. marketing expenses last year. Its smartphone shipments to the world's second-biggest market jumped more than 50 percent in 2014 and it is targeting a further 20 percent rise this year.", u'"We see good return on investment so we are going to expand (sponsorship) to more teams," the company\'s U.S. CEO Lixin Cheng told Reuters in an interview. He declined to comment on the matter further.', u'The jump in shipments has come despite U.S. lawmakers often voicing security concerns about Chinese telecommunications equipment.', u'ZTE had a U.S. market share in smartphones of 6 percent in the first quarter, ranking a distant fourth behind Apple Inc, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and LG Electronics Inc, according to research firm Strategy Analytics.', u'The company has been expanding its smartphone business overseas amid a slowdown in sales at home and the rise of domestic rival Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL].', u'Its 8 percent growth in annual operating revenue in 2014 was primarily driven by its network equipment divisions, which builds telecoms networks for governments and companies.', u'(Reporting by Yimou Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u"China's Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation"], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation".', u'In a speech to the United Front Work Department late on Wednesday, Xi said that the government would seek to improve the work of new media professionals, who should form a "patriotic united front" and encouraged them to contribute in "cleaning up cyberspace", state news agency Xinhua said.', u"The United Front Work Department is in charge of co-opting non-Communists, religious groups and ethnic minorities. Reuters reported last year that the department was targeting academics, students and leaders in self-ruled Taiwan in an attempt to soften opposition to China's ruling Communist Party and ultimately build support for unification.", u"Since Xi took over as party chief in late 2012, he has repeatedly invoked nationalistic themes to win public legitimacy as he seeks to bolster China's image in the world. Analysts say Xi realizes that one of the top challenges he faces is that China's soft power has lagged far behind its growing economic and military might.", u'Xi has said he aims to turn China into a "cyber power", but he has also presided over an intensifying online crackdown that has drawn criticism from rights groups and dissidents at home and abroad.', u'Xi\'s administration has waged a crackdown on online "rumor-mongering", which is widely seen as a tool to halt criticism of the party. The campaign has chilled political discourse, with high-profile bloggers saying they have reined in sensitive posts for fear of detention.', u'Xi said students were the "new focal point of the United Front", saying they should go abroad but return to serve the country.', u'"Today, the domestic economy is facing downward pressure," Xi said. "Vigorously attracting outstanding overseas talent has become an urgent national requirement."', u'Xi said officials should cultivate the younger generation from the "non-public economy" - government-speak for the private sector.', u'Xi called on officials to "step up ideological and political work" on intellectuals who do not belong to the Communist Party.', u'(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie)']), ([u'Up to 1.1 Million Customers Could be Affected in Data Breach at Insurer CareFirst'], [u'CareFirst, a Blue Cross Blue Shield plan, on Wednesday became the third major health insurer in the United States to disclose this year that hackers had breached its computer systems and potentially compromised some customer information.', u'The attack could affect as many as 1.1 million of its customers, but CareFirst said that although the hackers gained access to customer names, email addresses and birthdates, they did not obtain sensitive financial or medical information like ', u' numbers, credit card information and medical claims. The company, which has headquarters in Maryland and serves the Washington area, said the attack occurred in June and described it as \u201csophisticated.\u201d', u'Chet Burrell, CareFirst\u2019s chief executive, said the company contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation, which is investigating attacks against the insurers Anthem and Premera. \u201cThey are looking into it,\u201d he said.', u'While it was not clear whether the attacks were related, he said the company was under constant assault by criminals seeking access to its systems.', u'Federal officials have yet to label the breaches at Anthem and Premera Blue Cross as state-sponsored hackings, but the F.B.I. is effectively treating them as such, and China is believed to be the main culprit, according to several people who were briefed on the investigations but spoke on the condition of anonymity. There are indications the attacks on Anthem, Premera and now CareFirst may have some common links.', u'Charles Carmakal, a managing director at Mandiant, a security firm retained by all three insurers, said in an emailed statement that the hacking at CareFirst \u201cwas orchestrated by a sophisticated threat actor that we have seen specifically target the health care industry over the past year.\u201d', u'The ', u', which is one of the nation\u2019s largest health insurers and operates Blue Cross Blue Shield plans, and Premera Blue Cross, based in Washington State, were much larger. The one at Anthem may have compromised the personal information of 79 million customers and the one at Premera up to 11 million customers.', u'Anthem has said the hackers may have stolen Social Security numbers but did not get access to any medical information. Premera said it was possible that some medical and bank account information may have been pilfered.', u'CareFirst said it was aware of one attack last year that it did not believe was successful. But after the attacks on other insurers, Mr. Burrell said he created a task force to scrutinize the company\u2019s vulnerabilities and asked Mandiant, a division of FireEye, to perform a forensic review of its systems. Last month, Mandiant determined a breach had occurred in June 2014.', u' firms are seen as prime targets for hackers because they maintain a wealth of personal information on consumers, including medical claims records and information about credit card and bank accounts.', u'In recent years, the attacks have escalated, said Dr. Larry Ponemon, the chairman of Ponemon Institute, which studies security breaches in health care. He said the health care industry was particularly vulnerable and that the information it had was attractive to criminals who use the data to steal the identity of consumers.', u'\u201cA lot of health care organizations have been historically laggards for security,\u201d he said.', u'Insurers say they are now on guard against these attacks. But Dr. Ponemon said they had taken only small steps, not \u201chuge leaps,\u201d in safeguarding their systems.', u'The motivation of the hackers in these cases, however, is unclear \u2014 whether they are traditional criminals or groups bent on intelligence-gathering for a foreign government.', u'In the retail and banking industries, the hackers have been determined to get access to customer credit card information or financial data to sell on the black market to other online criminals, who then can use it to make charges or create false identities.', u'So far, there is scant evidence that any of the customer information that might have been taken from Anthem and Premera has made its way onto the black market. The longer that remains the case, the less likely that profit was a motive for taking the information, consultants said. That suggests that the hackers targeting the health care industry may be more interested in gathering information.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s such an attractive target and it\u2019s a soft target and one not traditionally well protected,\u201d said Austin Berglas, head of online investigations in the United States and incident response for K2 Intelligence and a former top agent with the F.B.I. in New York. \u201cA nation state might be looking at pulling out medical information or simply looking to get a foothold, which they can use as a testing ground for tools to infiltrate other sectors,\u201d he said.', u'Paul Luehr, a managing director at Stroz Friedberg, a security consulting firm, said the health care breaches could be an entry point into other systems. \u201cIt could serve as a conduit to valuable information in other sectors because everyone is connected to health information,\u201d he said.', u'Or the breaches could simply be crimes of opportunity. The hackers could be making off with information and waiting to determine what to do with it.', u'\u201cWe want to jump to the conclusion that there is an organized chain and command,\u201d said Laura Galante, threat intelligence manager for FireEye, who was not commenting specifically on any particular breach. \u201cBut what could be happening here is much more chaotic. It\u2019s simply, \u2018Get whatever data you can get and figure out what to do with it later.\u2019\xa0\u201d']), ([u'Minecraft Stars on YouTube Share Secrets to Their Celebrity'], [u'Minecraft is one of the most successful video games in the world, with more than 100 million registered users. YouTube is the top video site in the world, with a billion unique visitors a month.', u'And when combined, they are a staple of today\u2019s tween entertainment diet.', u'YouTube videos about Minecraft are giant hits, even though the game\u2019s blocky graphics don\u2019t seem to scream excitement. Millions of people watch players narrate while they fly, hike and excavate Minecraft\u2019s virtual world, which is akin to an open world digital Lego set. The Minecraft narrators \u2013 often men in their early 20s with effervescent personalities \u2013 act as solo tour guides as they build skyscrapers, ', u' and other structures or engage in ', u'.', u'The most popular narrators turn up the entertainment value by bantering with others in the style of a talk-show host. Still, the popularity of this genre can be slightly baffling. After all, children can play Minecraft \u2014 why watch others do it?', u'\u201cIt\u2019s super bizarre,\u201d said Mitchell Hughes, 21, a top Minecraft YouTuber who, like his peers in the streaming world, is far better known by his online handle, ', u'. \u201cI don\u2019t even understand it myself.\u201d', u'From Minecraft\u2019s earliest days, the company behind it encouraged people to share video clips on YouTube and other social media sites, seeing it as a potent form of grass-roots marketing. Initially, many of the Minecraft clips were tutorials for newbies to the game. They gradually evolved into their own genre of entertainment \u2014 a remix of Saturday morning cartoons, pop culture parodies and pranks.', u'The videos aren\u2019t exactly \u201cMad Men,\u201d but they aren\u2019t trying to be ambitious television, either. As with a lot of reality television programming, much of the appeal lies in the emotions of the Minecraft narrators. When one squeals in terror, it seems authentic, whether it is or not.', u'\u201cI think content beauty is in the eye of the beholder,\u201d said Ryan Wyatt, the global head of content for gaming at YouTube.', u'YouTube, which is owned by Google, says Minecraft is the most popular game of all time on the site, ahead of ', u' and Call of Duty, two major video game franchises. Last year, \u201cMinecraft\u201d was the second most searched term on YouTube, after \u201cFrozen.\u201d The popularity of the game explains why Microsoft paid $2.5 billion last year to acquire Mojang, the Swedish company that created Minecraft in 2009.', u'\u201cThe amazing thing about using this software is you can produce an amazing video every day with big production values,\u201d said Joseph Garrett, a master of the Minecraft YouTube genre who uses the handle ', u'. \u201cIf you were doing live action shows that could be done, but it wouldn\u2019t be as easy.\u201d', u'Mr. Garrett has more than 5.7 million subscribers to his Stampy videos, which have been seen almost 3.5 billion times, placing him just ahead of Lady Gaga in terms of cumulative views. BajanCanadian has 4.8 million subscribers on YouTube and, since he joined the service in 2011, his videos have been watched more than 1.2 billion times.', u'YouTube has become a lucrative, full-time career for Mr. Hughes and Mr. Garrett, who get a cut of advertising revenue from their videos. Neither would say how much they make \u2014 \u201cBillions!\u201d joked Mr. Hughes \u2014 but both are making a healthy living off the videos.', u'Based on publicly available audience numbers and typical advertising rates, Peter Warman, an analyst with the market research firm Newzoo, estimates there are eight to 10 Minecraft YouTubers who earn over $1 million a year.', u'To get a better grasp on what it takes to be a successful Minecraft YouTuber \u2014 and, by extension, better understand what makes the videos so popular \u2014 I enlisted the help of YouTube itself, Mr. Hughes and Mr. Garrett. Although the alchemy behind online sensations is as elusive as for any other kind of celebrity, they all shared some basic prerequisites for their stardom.', u'All the top Minecraft YouTubers are extroverts, or at least act like them in the voice-overs for their videos. Mr. Garrett\u2019s Stampy is like a British version of Mr. Rogers after inhaling a bit of helium. As he gambols around a Minecraft map of his own creation, a cluster of buildings, tunnels and landscapes he calls \u201cmy lovely world,\u201d Stampy seems to exist in a permanent state of delight.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a bigger, brighter version of me,\u201d said Mr. Garrett, a former bartender who records his shows from his home in southern England. (To deter stalkers, he won\u2019t give precise details about where he lives.)', u'The videos on his main YouTube channel are nonscripted, lasting around 20 minutes each. While plenty of Minecraft YouTubers delve into off-color humor, Mr. Garrett, represented in the game as a yellow-and-white cat, keeps his videos clean and cheerful.', u'\u201cI would never get angry in a video,\u201d he said. \u201cIf I lose, it\u2019s, \u2018Oh well, maybe next time I\u2019ll do better.\u2019 Everything is positive and happy. It\u2019s the ideal me, living in the ideal world, where nothing ever goes wrong.\u201d', u'Mr. Hughes believes a big reason his videos as BajanCanadian have been so successful is that he records himself playing with friends. Most of the videos consist of Mr. Hughes and a couple of friends exchanging jokes as they play survival games with other online players.', u'The fraternal chemistry between Mr. Hughes and his buddies seems genuine and keeps his videos from growing dull. Mr. Hughes\u2019s roommate in St. Petersburg, Fla., Jerome Aceti, is a childhood friend with his own large YouTube following under the online name ', u'. He makes frequent cameos in BajanCanadian videos.', u'\u201cDefinitely surround yourself with positive influences and friends who are going to be able to motivate and participate in your content,\u201d Mr. Hughes said. \u201cOtherwise it might get lonely. That makes it a lot more fun.\u201d', u'Some Minecraft YouTube stars, like Mr. Garrett, are mostly solo artists. But even that\u2019s changing with a new Stampy side project called Wonder Quest that Mr. Garrett is creating in partnership with YouTube and Maker Studios, a producer of short online videos owned by Walt Disney. The scripted series has a cast of other YouTubers who voice various characters.', u'Mr. Wyatt of YouTube said any aspiring YouTube star seeking to build an audience should release new videos on a dependable schedule. Die-hard fans will come to expect fresh episodes, and they will be disappointed if the videos don\u2019t appear.', u'\u201cOften people get demoralized or complacent and stop doing consistent programming,\u201d Mr. Wyatt said. \u201cWhatever your schedule is, stay consistent to it.\u201d', u'Mr. Hughes and Mr. Garrett post new videos at least once a day, sometimes multiple times a day. Mr. Garrett says keeping up that pace can be challenging, but it has been worth it.', u'\u201cMy fans love it,\u201d he said. \u201cMost content creators are creating one video every two weeks. I choose to be a little more programmatic about it. That was a big steppingstone for me.\u201d']), ([u'Video Feature: As California Thirsts, These Apps Help Save Water'], [u' is a powerful reminder of the vulnerability and precious nature of our water resources. To become more responsible with water usage and waste, a few apps can help people learn about and reduce their water consumption.', u'One is Vizsafe, which tries to encourage responsible water usage through the age-old mechanism of peer pressure. The principle is simple: If a user sees water overuse, he can snap a photo or record a smartphone video and upload the evidence to Vizsafe for all to see.', u'For example, someone may spot a business that is overwatering its grass, causing wasted water to run onto the sidewalk. A user can take a picture and upload the geolocated photo to the app. The hope is that the business takes note of the public shaming and turns down its sprinkler system. Inside the app, users can browse a list of photos and videos that other people have uploaded or see reported issues on a map.', u'Vizsafe\u2019s blurb promises that it is all about \u201cbeing a good neighbor\u201d and supporting \u201cyour community\u2019s well being.\u201d The app also has other neighborhood-watch features like reporting crime or even giving a thumbs up to a good Samaritan.', u'Some may feel that using the app is akin to snitching on people, but there are situations in which it is impossible to directly approach someone wasting water, which is when Vizsafe becomes the most useful. Vizsafe does not require users to associate their real identities with uploads.', u'The app is not exactly pretty, nor is it particularly well designed. Its menus and controls are sometimes clumsy and confusing. But it is still fairly easy to use, and is free for ', u' and ', u'.', u'For another way to save water, try educational apps like Drip Detective, which helps people understand one of the most common ways we waste water at home \u2014 via a leak, or a dripping tap in a sink or bathtub. Using Drip Detective, people can tap their phone screen in time to the drips. For more serious leaks, the app asks users to time how long the leak takes to fill a measurable volume, like a teaspoon or cup. Drip Detective then estimates the rate of water waste.', u'Merely learning how many gallons of water a year is being wasted could prompt users to fix a leak, but there is also a section in the app where people can type in the cost of water shown on their water bill, and Drip Detective will show the dollar value of water that is escaping down the drain.', u'Drip Detective has plain graphics and is not fancy, but its message is powerful. This app is also a great tool for teaching children to properly shut off a faucet when done using it. The app is free for ', u'.', u'H2O Tracker is an educational water-saving app that takes a more gamelike approach. The main part of the app is a quiz where users score points by answering questions about how much water is used for a shower or bath, to wash a car and so on.', u'Users may realize how much water they waste \u2014 and be shocked into changing their habits. To help put figures in context, the app can show a person\u2019s water use compared with that of the average app user, or even with other people who live nearby.', u'H2O Tracker also includes advice on how much water to give plants to keep them alive during a drought without being wasteful, as well as how people should and should not use water in a drought to comply with official restrictions. In addition, there is a section where users can upload evidence of water being wasted, a little like Vizsafe.', u'H2O Tracker is interesting to play, well designed and its advice is well written, so it is useful for educating young people. H2O Tracker is free for ', u'and ', u'.', u'Another app, Dropcountr, which is also free for ', u' and ', u', promises to give consumers a new way to understand their water consumption by connecting directly to utility companies and showing real-time analytics inside the app. By being better informed, people can then manage how much water they use in their home, saving money and reducing waste.', u'Yet many app store reviewers point out that Dropcountr does not connect to many utility companies, so its usefulness may be limited depending on the user\u2019s location.', u'People tend to take clean, plentiful water for granted. These apps help people see if they need to change their water habits.', u'The popular service Sunrise Calendar has added a neat feature to its iOS app in a recent update: a dedicated keyboard button to find a blank space in the user\u2019s calendar, even when using other apps. The idea is to make it easy to arrange a meeting while doing something like answering an email. Clever. Sunrise is ', u'.']), ([u'Prosthetic Limbs, Controlled by Thought  '], [u'Engineers at the ', u' Applied Physics Lab have developed a next-generation prosthetic: a robotic arm that has 26 joints, can curl up to 45 pounds and is controlled with a person\u2019s mind just like a regular arm.', u'Researchers think the arm could help people like Les Baugh, who lost both arms at the shoulder after an electrical accident as a teenager. Now 59, Mr. Baugh recently underwent surgery at Johns Hopkins to remap the remaining nerves from his missing arms, allowing brain signals to be sent to the prosthetic.', u'Mr. Baugh\u2019s custom socket can pick up brain signals to control the arms, known as Modular Prosthetic Limbs, or M.P.L., just by thinking about the movements.', u'Mike McLoughlin, the chief engineer of research and exploratory development at the lab, said that as the remapped nerves grew deeper, it was possible that Mr. Baugh would feel some sensation in his prostheses. Each arm has over 100 sensors, and other amputees who have had the same surgery reported being able to feel texture through the M.P.L.', u'Patients of varying disabilities have tested the arm in the lab and helped push the design forward.', u'The limb is modular, which means it can be broken off or built up to accommodate people with different needs \u2014 from a hand amputee to someone missing an entire arm. Quadriplegics or stroke survivors, who have lost the ability to move all or part of their bodies, can also use it as a surrogate arm.', u'But while the limb is fully functional, it still faces hurdles before making its way outside the lab. It will need approval from the Food and Drug Administration, which could mean a clinical trial.', u'Mr. McLoughlin also said the cost of the arm needed to be about a tenth of its current price to be viable in the marketplace. There are now about 10 fully functioning M.P.L.s, and each one costs an estimated $500,000.', u'\u201cWe\u2019ve designed a Maserati here, but what most people will want is a good Toyota,\u201d Mr. McLoughlin said. \u201cThe M.P.L. was intentionally designed to be as sophisticated as we could make it so that you could really push the state of the art, but ultimately for commercializing it, it needs to be a lower cost design.\u201d', u'Since 2006, the lab has been awarded $120 million from a program run by the Pentagon\u2019s Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency to help wounded warriors. The lab worked with technology developer and manufacturer HDT Global to make a prosthetic that mimics the human arm in dexterity and strength.', u'\u201cThe long-term goal for all of this work is to have noninvasive \u2014 no extra surgeries, no extra implants \u2014 ways to control a dexterous robotic device,\u201d said Robert Armiger, project manager for amputee research at the Johns Hopkins lab. In the future, researchers envision a kind of cap with sensors that an amputee or paralyzed person could wear that would feed information about brain activity to the robotic arm.', u'The lab is starting to collaborate with industry partners to explore commercial opportunities. They hope the Modular Prosthetic Limb, or a version of it, will be available to consumers within a few years. ']), ([u'Unlike You, Your Facebook Account Can Be Immortal'], [u' Facebook allows you to designate a friend or family member as a ', u' If you want to have your account ', u' after you die, this person basically serves as the executor of your Facebook account by ', u' and can update your cover photo and profile photo, post information and accept new friend requests. (Memorialized accounts without legacy contacts cannot be changed.)', u', go to your Facebook account settings from your browser or your mobile app and select Security. At the bottom of the Security settings page, choose Legacy Contact. Enter the name of the Facebook friend or relative you want to use and click the Add button. You have the option of sending a message to inform your contact of your decision. (For those who would rather not stay on Facebook after death, an option in the Legacy Contact settings lets you have your ', u'.)', u'Even without a designated legacy contact, family members can ', u' and place a ', u' by contacting Facebook. When a regular account is ', u', the word \u201cRemembering\u201d appears next to your name, and if your security settings permit, friends can post reminiscences on your timeline. Facebook says people with memorialized accounts do not appear in advertisements or birthday reminders on the site and are also excluded from the People You May Know list of friend suggestions.', u' ', u' Even without a mishap that physically damages the memory card, you can get error messages if the data stored on it becomes damaged or corrupted. This can occur if ', u' of being written to memory \u2014 like removing the card before it is done copying data between devices, losing battery power or turning off the camera before all the images have been written.', u'An image recovery program may be able to rescue photos still on the corrupted cards, but it is not a sure bet. These programs usually cost around $40 and can be ', u'.', u' Is your broadband service acting up? With a smartphone and a ', u' account, you might be able to skip the lengthy wait times on hold for a customer-service representative and use your cellular connection more productively.', u'Many telecommunications companies offer technical support through direct messages to dedicated Twitter accounts; you may also be able to schedule technician appointments too. AT&T U-verse ', u'), Cablevision\u2019s Optimum ', u'), Comcast ', u'), Google Fiber ', u'), Time Warner Cable ', u') and Verizon ', u') are among those offering tech support via Twitter. While reaching out through Twitter may not provide an instantaneous connection with the help desk, you do not have to waste valuable minutes of your life listening to bad music on hold while you wait to report your problem.', u'If you do not have a Twitter account, you might be able to use your phone\u2019s (or tablet\u2019s) cellular connection to have a live chat with a customer-service representative if the company\u2019s site has been designed for use with mobile browsers. Visit your Internet provider\u2019s technical support webpage and look for a Live Chat icon; you may also find basic troubleshooting advice or notice of general Internet disruptions posted there as well. ']), ([u"China's Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation"], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation".', u'In a speech to the United Front Work Department late on Wednesday, Xi said that the government would seek to improve the work of new media professionals, who should form a "patriotic united front" and encouraged them to contribute in "cleaning up cyberspace", state news agency Xinhua said.', u"The United Front Work Department is in charge of co-opting non-Communists, religious groups and ethnic minorities. Reuters reported last year that the department was targeting academics, students and leaders in self-ruled Taiwan in an attempt to soften opposition to China's ruling Communist Party and ultimately build support for unification.", u"Since Xi took over as party chief in late 2012, he has repeatedly invoked nationalistic themes to win public legitimacy as he seeks to bolster China's image in the world. Analysts say Xi realises that one of the top challenges he faces is that China's soft power has lagged far behind its growing economic and military might.", u'Xi has said he aims to turn China into a "cyber power", but he has also presided over an intensifying online crackdown that has drawn criticism from rights groups and dissidents at home and abroad.', u'Xi\'s administration has waged a crackdown on online "rumour-mongering", which is widely seen as a tool to halt criticism of the party. The campaign has chilled political discourse, with high-profile bloggers saying they have reined in sensitive posts for fear of detention.', u'Xi said students were the "new focal point of the United Front", saying they should go abroad but return to serve the country.', u'"Today, the domestic economy is facing downward pressure," Xi said. "Vigorously attracting outstanding overseas talent has become an urgent national requirement."', u'Xi said officials should cultivate the younger generation from the "non-public economy" - government-speak for the private sector.', u'Xi called on officials to "step up ideological and political work" on intellectuals who do not belong to the Communist Party.', u'(Reporting by Sui-Lee Wee; Editing by Nick Macfie)']), ([u'Samsung Elec Says Halts TV Production in Thailand'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, the world's top television maker, on Thursday said it stopped TV production in Thailand in the first quarter to streamline its global manufacturing footprint.", u'The move comes after the company last year announced a $560 million investment to build a consumer appliances complex in Vietnam, to mainly produce TVs, as part of efforts to boost output across segments including smartphones and displays in the lower-cost country.', u'A Samsung spokeswoman did not say whether the company would move TV production from Thailand to Vietnam.', u"South Korea's LG Electronics Inc, which ranks second in the global TV market, will soon shift its TV production in Thailand to Vietnam, where labor costs are cheaper and China-based suppliers are closer.", u'(Reporting by Hyunjoo Jin; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'A Tech Boom Aimed at the Few, Instead of the World'], [u'The tech industry used to think big. As early as 1977, when personal computers were expensive and impractical mystery boxes with no apparent utility or business prospects, the young Bill Gates and Paul Allen were already working toward a future in which we would see \u201c', u' And in the late 1990s, when it was far from clear that they would ever make a penny from their unusual search engine, the audacious founders of Google were planning to organize every bit of data on the planet \u2014 and make it available to everyone, free.', u'These were dreams of vast breadth: The founders of Microsoft, Google, Facebook and many of the rest of today\u2019s tech giants were not content to win over just some people to their future. They weren\u2019t going after simply the rich, or Americans or Westerners. They planned to radically alter how the world did business so the impossible became a reality for everyone.', u'Whatever happened to the tech industry\u2019s grand, democratic visions of the future?', u'We are once again living in a go-go time for tech, but there are few signs that the most consequential fruits of the boom have reached the masses. Instead, the boom is characterized by a rise in so-called on-demand services ', u'.', u'With a few taps on a phone, for a fee, today\u2019s hottest start-ups will help people on the lowest rungs of the 1 percent live like their betters in the 0.1 percent. ', u' give the modestly wealthy a chance to enjoy the cooks, cleaners, drivers, personal assistants and all the other lavish appointments that have defined extravagant wealth. As ', u', San Francisco\u2019s tech industry \u201cis focused on solving one problem: ', u'\u201d', u'No, no, say the start-ups that, today, look as if they\u2019re targeting the rich. The nature of the tech business is that costs come down. Through repeated innovation and delivery at scale, the supercomputers of the 1960s became the PCs of the 1980s, which in turn became the smartphones of the 2010s. The rich subsidize the rest of us \u2014 were it not for the suckers who spent more than $10,000 on early versions of the Mac, Apple might not have survived to build the iPhone, in turn begetting an era of affordable pocket supercomputers.', u'This is the basic defense of the new wave of on-demand start-ups: If their rosiest visions of growth come true, they\u2019ll achieve a scale that will let them reduce prices, and in that way offer services that could radically alter how even ordinary people conduct their lives.', u'It is a plausible vision \u2014 but an unlikely one. To achieve the scale that will enable the start-ups to reach a wider audience, everything for these companies will have to go right, and success will have to feed on itself. That happens rarely in the tech world.', u'Two companies that are archetypes of today\u2019s on-demand business recently allowed me to investigate their economic models for a look at how they might achieve mass scale. One is Shuddle, a start-up that is creating a ride service for children \u2014 an Uber to take your tots to school and soccer. Another is Munchery, which delivers restaurant-quality food to your door (you can think of it as an on-demand personal chef). Both firms resisted the notion that they were building services for the wealthy and explained in detail how they planned to serve the masses and lower their prices.', u'\u201cThe first time you roll out a service, it\u2019s fairly expensive,\u201d said Tri Tran, Munchery\u2019s co-founder and chief executive. \u201cBut we have an internal mission of making real, good food accessible to everyone, everywhere, and if we only catered to the upper middle class or people who are really affluent, then we will not accomplish that goal.\u201d', u'He conceded that his prices weren\u2019t low enough to make Munchery an option for everyone, but the business model, he said, would soon allow for greater access. ', u', which began in 2010, operates in the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, New York and soon Los Angeles. Today, a typical adult-size Munchery entree costs around $11 or $12, and a child\u2019s meal around $6. With a $3 delivery fee, a dinner for a family of four might cost around $37. That compares to about $25 for dinner at, say, Chipotle, not counting the time and money it takes to get there.', u'But like many e-commerce businesses, Munchery enjoys certain cost advantages over its physical counterparts that Mr. Tran says will lead to lower prices. It buys high-quality ingredients in bulk, uses a single kitchen in an out-of-the-way part of a city and uses advanced cooking tech to cut down on labor.', u'Mr. Tran promises that within a couple of months, chicken, beef and fish dishes will sell for less than $10 a portion and pasta dishes for $7. In the long run, Mr. Tran is aiming for prices that are competitive with those of fast-food chains and that will make cooking at home seem expensive.', u'\u201cIf you buy the same quality ingredients that we do and cook it yourself, just the ingredients alone will cost you more,\u201d he said.', u'Foodies might scoff at this idea. But ', u' that for many low- and middle-income families, cooking every day takes too much time, planning and money. If Munchery can make a non-junk-food dinner at prices comparable to junk, without much time, wouldn\u2019t that be a useful service to people who aren\u2019t millionaires?', u'\u201cIf there are great, commercially driven companies out there that can do things like food distribution at scale, and we can piggyback on their success, that could be a huge win,\u201d said Hannah Calhoon, the director of ', u', an organization that aims to build tech products for low-income communities.', u'You can make a similar case for Shuddle, which was created by Nick Allen, a founder of the ride-sharing service Sidecar, who said he was trying to solve a problem of modern parenting \u2014 the parents are working, the children need to be ferried among home and school and their activities, and all the ways to do so require lots of time and money. Though I did not use Shuddle for my own children \u2014 the service is available only to children who\u2019ve grown out of car seats, so mine are too young \u2014 I spoke to several parents who described it in rhapsodic terms.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s amazing to have someone else drive your kids while you\u2019re making dinner, so everyone\u2019s eating dinner at a logical hour,\u201d said Rana DiOrio, a Bay Area mother of three who has been using Shuddle a few times a week for several months. Ms. DiOrio, the chief executive of a children\u2019s book publishing company, said she found the service cheaper than alternatives like hiring a babysitter for an hour to drive a car, but she acknowledged that she was relatively well off and that it was not at a price that could serve everyone.', u'Today, most parents pay $12 to $15 a ride \u2014 more than for on-demand services like Uber, and much more than public transportation, which of course isn\u2019t available everywhere.', u'The cost is partly a result of complexity. Shuddle puts drivers through a more extensive screening than its ride-share competitors, including requiring that they have previous child care experience. As a result, almost all of its 250 drivers are female. To allocate drivers efficiently in low-density areas like the suburbs, parents must schedule rides ahead of time, and to help coordinate the rides, children must carry basic cellphones. The company uses software to track how carefully its drivers are driving.', u'But Mr. Allen has a plan to sharply reduce prices: car-pooling. As Shuddle grows, it will learn enough about the ride habits of local families to put multiple children in cars or vans together, which would significantly lower the price.', u'\u201cI\u2019d love to be able to get your kid to school every day for $5 \u2014 basically almost as low as taking the city bus,\u201d Mr. Allen said.', u'After hearing the start-ups out, I remain unsure if they will ever get to the point where they can serve the masses. Yet even if Shuddle and Munchery do not get their prices low enough to go mainstream, they deserve credit for trying \u2014 rather than focusing only on the wealthy.']), ([u'U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry\u2019s aid to rival nations.', u'The department said it was following through on an international commitment to address the evolution of warfare to include more technology.', u'But some security researchers said the rules, which are subject to public comment for 60 days, would fail to curb the black market while hindering cross-border collaboration and sales of defensive products.', u'The regulations are broadly written and cover what are known as \u201czero-day\u201d flaws, or security vulnerabilities that the software vendors do not know about.', u'Hackers and defense contractors often sell information about such flaws to government agencies or the maker of the software, and internal U.S. sales could continue.', u'But sales of zero-day and supporting capabilities would be barred without special license outside of the United States, United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand.', u'One way zero-day flaws can be exploited is by repressive regimes using the holes in the software for surveillance, and the document notes human rights concerns in the trade.', u'\u201cI remember thinking licensing zero-day brokers is a good idea to a degree. You prevent someone in the U.S. from selling to Iran,\u201d said Adriel Desautels, chief executive of penetration testing firm Netragard Inc.', u'\u201cSome form of licensing or regulation is useful. But the form of regulation being proposed is potentially very damaging to the security industry as a whole...It\u2019s flat out stupid.\u201d', u'The regulations come as a follow-up to a 2013 agreement among 41 nations that some penetration software should be subject to controls alongside the likes of nuclear and chemical weapons components.', u'Several researchers said that the large U.S. defense contractors, which find or pay for many software flaws and sell them to intelligence agencies, the military and law enforcement, would have no difficulty in hiring export lawyers to obtain licenses for some overseas sales.', u'But law-abiding mid-size and small security companies, along with independent researchers, will be much more likely to give up on selling across borders, leaving those markets to criminals.', u'\u201cIt could have major impacts against how we do vulnerability research and protecting our systems,\u201d said Rand Corp expert Lillian Ablon, who has studied the zero-day markets. \u201cIf we are restricting the ability of the white hats to fund the vulnerabilities, it\u2019s only making it easier for the bad guys.\u201d', u'Though there exemptions for open-source software and for scientific research, if adopted the rules could have a profound impact on the legitimate markets for flaws and the tools that exploit them just as they are coming into the open and maturing.', u'Many more companies have recently begun paying \u201cbug bounties\u201d to reward researchers who find security holes in their products, instead of driving them to sell to governments or hackers. A handful of startups have brought new professionalism and structure to reporting-and-reward systems, making them practical even for smaller companies.', u'In the future, said Katie Moussouris, chief policy officer at one of those venture-backed companies, HackerOne, overseas corporations might have to offer researchers both cash rewards and guidance on obtaining export licenses, simply to make their own programs more secure.', u'(Reporting by Joseph Menn; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Easier Regulatory Review Seen for Altice vs Charter in TWC Deal'], [u'(Reuters) - A potential bid by French telecom group Altice SA to buy U.S. cable company Time Warner Cable Inc would pass regulatory hurdles more easily than an offer pondered by cable rival Charter Communications Inc , according to analysts and experts.', u'Altice, controlled by French billionaire Patrick Drahi, on Wednesday agreed to buy regional U.S. cable company Suddenlink. It has also approached Time Warner Cable for a deal, according to people familiar with the talks.', u'The moves come as Time Warner Cable, the second-largest U.S. cable provider, is being circled by smaller rival Charter after Comcast Corp, the biggest U.S. cable operator, failed to get government approval for a merger over concerns that it would control Internet access of too many Americans.', u'Some analysts see regulatory hurdles for a possible Charter-TWC deal, especially after Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler earlier this month said "more competition would be better" for cable companies providing broadband Internet.', u'"Does the government want to create another Comcast?" BTIG analyst Rich Greenfield asked in a recent note on a possible Charter-Time Warner Cable merger. His answer leaned toward a no.', u"A merger of Charter and Time Warner Cable, with other related deals, would eliminate one of the country's top Internet providers and control more than 20 percent of the broadband market, according to data from MoffettNathanson.", u'Altice is a new entrant to the U.S. market. With Suddenlink, the seventh largest U.S. cable company, and Time Warner Cable, it would control less than 15 percent of the broadband market, according to the data.', u'"To the extent that the Charter-Time Warner Cable deal raises regulatory concerns because they\'re still one of the largest domestic broadband companies, Altice doesn\'t bring any of that baggage," said Harold Feld, a veteran telecom observer at consumer advocacy group Public Knowledge.', u'The Comcast-TWC deal would have created a behemoth Internet provider with roughly 40 percent of the U.S. high-speed Internet market. U.S. regulators have not commented specifically on any new potential deals.', u"New Street Research analysts argue that Comcast's failed merger does not portend broader regulatory opposition to cable consolidation, giving Charter an opportunity to offer online video protections to ease potential regulatory review.", u"Plus, a combination of TWC with Charter would offer more cost savings, New Street's Spencer Kurn said.", u'"You\u2019re combining two players with much greater scale and there\u2019s more synergy value that you can create."', u'As a foreign company, Altice would face additional review from national security and telecommunications officials, which experts say could lead to criticism from opponents, but ultimately not pose a challenge.', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh in Ottawa and Malathi Nayak in New York; Additional reporting by Diane Bartz in Washington; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u'Judge OKs Activision $275 Million Shareholder Settlement, $72 Million for Lawyers'], [u'WILMINGTON, Del. \u2014  A Delaware judge on Wednesday approved a $275 million shareholder settlement involving videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc and awarded the small law firms that brought the case a $72.5 million fee.', u'The owner of the "Call of Duty" game agreed to the settlement last year, which ended a shareholder lawsuit challenging Activision\'s $8 billion deal to acquire its stock held by French conglomerate Vivendi SA. The lawsuit alleged that Activision\'s chief executive and co-chairman benefited unfairly from the deal, and the settlement barred them from gaining control of Activision.', u"On Wednesday, Travis Laster, a judge on Delaware's Court of Chancery, overruled an objection to the settlement and to the fee award. The lawsuit was led by the four-attorney firm of Friedlander & Gorris in Wilmington, Delaware, and the six-lawyer firm of Bragar Eagel & Squire of New York.", u'"This case involved true contingency risk," wrote Laster, in a 90-page opinion approving the fee and settlement. He noted the partners of the firms involved took out personal loans to fund the case and turned away other work.', u'The fee award works out to $9,500 an hour, according to court records. "While the size of the award implies a generous hourly rate, in this case it is justified by the effort," wrote Laster.', u'The fee award was opposed by two shareholders who said their attorneys had contributed to ultimate settlement by opposing an attempt to strike an early deal in the case. They sought $7.25 million for lawyers at Levi & Korsinksy of New York and Smith Katzenstein & Furlow of Wilmington.', u'Laster rejected that argument and noted "they can claim to have contributed causally to the settlement only in the metaphysical sense that the flap of a butterfly\'s wings in Beijing may lead to a thunderstorm in Delaware."', u"The case was a derivative lawsuit, meaning the investor who brought it, Anthony Pacchia, was suing on behalf of Activision. The settlement was paid to Activision's treasury by Vivendi, insurers and an investor group that included Activision Chief Executive Bobby Kotick and co-Chairman Brian Kelly.", u"The settlement is the largest ever for a shareholder derivative lawsuit. Other large settlements include $139 million involving News Corp in 2013 and $122 million paid by Oracle Corp's chief executive, Larry Ellison, in 2005.", u'The Friedlander firm was known as Bouchard, Margules &', u'Friedlander when it brought the lawsuit.', u'(Reporting by Tom Hals in Wilmington, Delaware; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u'NetApp Results Miss Estimates; Shares Fall'], [u"(Reuters) - Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc reported fourth-quarter results below analysts' estimates, hurt by lower sales to original equipment manufacturers, sending its shares down more than 10 percent in extended trading.", u'The company, which cut about 500 jobs, also forecast first-quarter profit below market estimates.', u'NetApp has been trying to boost growth by focusing on cloud-based products as businesses cut spending on high-end storage systems.', u'It also faces competition from larger rival EMC Corp and newer and cheaper flash-based storage technology vendors such as Nimble Storage Inc and Pure Storage.', u'Net income fell to $134.9 million, or 43 cents per share, for the quarter ended April 24, compared with $197 million, or 59 cents per share, in the year-earlier quarter.', u'Revenue fell about 7 percent to $1.54 billion.', u'Excluding items, the company earned 65 cents per share. Analysts were expecting adjusted earnings of 72 cents per share on revenue of $1.59 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'For the first quarter, NetApp forecast a profit of 20 cents to 25 cents per share on revenue of $1.28 billion to $1.38 billion.', u'Analyst on average were expecting a profit of 59 cents on $1.46 billion in revenue.', u'NetApp expects to incur charges of about $25 million to $35 million related to the job cuts, the company said in a regulatory filing.', u"Most of the charges will be recognized in the company's first quarter.", u"NetApp's shares closed at $35.33 on the Nasdaq on Wednesday. They were trading down 8 percent at $32.45 in after market trading.", u"(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva)"]), ([u'U.S. Navy Secretary Says Paying Attention to Cyber Threats'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Navy is working hard to improve the cyber security of its computer networks and weapon and communications systems, while bracing for potential attacks on power grids and fuel supplies, Navy Secretary Ray Mabus said Wednesday.', u"Mabus said cyber warfare was a clear threat given Russia's use of cyber attacks before its physical invasions of Crimea and Georgia.", u'"We\'ve got to pay a whole lot of attention to this," Mabus said at an event sponsored by Defense One media group. "Cyber is in everything now. It\'s not just weapons systems. It\'s in every system because we are so networked."', u"Mabus confirmed recent media reports that the Navy was looking at replacing IBM servers used for its Aegis combat system after International Business Machines Corp's $2.1 billion sale of its server division to China's Lenovo Group Ltd last year.", u'"If there\'s a danger or potential danger with a platform, you\'ve got to take a look at that," he said.', u'U.S. military officials have become increasingly vocal about cyber espionage and attacks launched by China, Russia and other potential enemies. A Pentagon report last month said hackers associated with the Chinese government repeatedly targeted U.S. military networks last year seeking intelligence, but those tools could be used for offensive operations as well.', u'Mabus said the Navy was including more cyber threats in its war games and developing alternative energy sources and microgrids to ensure continued military operations in the event of an attack.', u"Vice Admiral Jan Tighe, commander of the Navy's Fleet Cyber  Command and 10th Fleet, this month released a five-year strategic plan for dealing with cyber threats.", u'The Navy also launched a "CYBERSAFE" program aimed at ensuring the security of a small set of components and processes whose failure would harm critical capabilities, equipment and people.', u'Vice Admiral Ted Branch, deputy chief of naval operations for information dominance, said in a memo the program would be fully operational sometime next year.', u'The CYBERSPACE program office is due to brief Chief of Naval Operations Admiral Jonathan Greenert next month about its work, to mirror similar "SUBSAFE" efforts to ensure safety on nuclear-powered submarines, a Navy spokesman said.', u'The effort will focus on ship safety, ship combat systems, networked combat and logistics systems.', u'Much like the submarine security system, it will rely on common standards set by an independent technical authority, acquisition standards, assessment by an independent security authority, and ultimately certification by a separate body.', u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Christian Plumb and Richard Chang)']), ([u'Salesforce Reports First Profit in Seven Quarters, Shares Jump'], [u'(Reuters) - Salesforce.com Inc, the subject of takeover speculation for the past few weeks, raised its revenue forecast for the full year, after the cloud software company reported a profit for the first time in seven quarters.', u"Shares of the world's biggest maker of online sales software were up 7.3 percent in extended trading on Wednesday.", u'The company has struggled to earn consistent profits despite strong revenue growth over the past few years as margins waver on higher spending, including on hiring sales personnel who are vital in expanding deferred revenue.', u'"I think what investors will be very enthusiastic about tomorrow is how much margin upside there was," FBR Capital Markets analyst Samad Samana said.', u'The company reported net income of $4.1 million, or 1 cent per share, for the first quarter ended April 30 compared with a loss of $96.9 million, or 16 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'Revenue jumped 23 percent to $1.51 billion.', u"Salesforce's Service Cloud displaced SAP to be the market share leader in customer service and support, Chief Executive Marc Benioff said on a conference call.", u'"Sorry about that, SAP," Benioff said.', u'SAP CEO Bill McDermott said on Tuesday that Salesforce was richly valued and was unlikely to be bought.', u'Microsoft Corp, Oracle Corp, IBM and SAP have been touted as potential acquirers of Salesforce, valued at about $45.6 billion.', u'Salesforce had been approached by a potential buyer, Bloomberg reported last month. The stock has risen about 5 percent since then.', u'The company has been benefiting as businesses choose more cloud software services that cost less and are easier to manage.', u"In the first quarter, there was particular strength in Service Cloud, Salesforce's second-largest revenue source, Samana said.", u'"Marketing cloud, which is something they\'ve only been doing for the last few years, was another high growth area."', u'Unbilled deferred revenue \u2014 a critical measure of contracts closed with business customers, but off-balance sheet \u2014 jumped 31 percent to $3.06 billion.', u'Excluding items, Salesforce earned 16 cents per share, beating the average analyst estimate of 14 cents.', u'Salesforce said it now expects revenue of $6.52 billion-$6.55 billion for the year ending January 2016, up from $6.48 billion-$6.52 billion forecast in February.', u'Analysts were expecting $6.51 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'CareFirst Says Cyberattack Stole Data of 1.1 Million Users in U.S'], [u'(Reuters) - CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, which sells health insurance in Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia, said on Wednesday that a cyberattack compromised the data of 1.1 million current and former members.', u'CareFirst, which has a total of 3.4 million customers, said that the breach took place in June 2014 but was only recently discovered as part of security efforts put in place after other insurers were hacked.', u"Anthem Inc, the second-largest U.S. insurer, said early this year that the records of 80 million people were accessed by hackers. In May, Premera Blue Cross said that 11 million customers' information may have been exposed in a hack.", u"CareFirst said that the attackers accessed one database and could have potentially acquired member user names created by individuals to use CareFirst's website, names, birth dates, email addresses and member identification numbers.", u'CareFirst has blocked member access to these accounts and has requested members to create new user names and passwords.', u"The company said the database is also used by non-members that access CareFirst's websites and online services.", u'Mandiant, the technology company that conducted the review, found no indication of any other prior or subsequent attack or that other personal information was taken, CareFirst said.', u'The database did not include ', u' numbers, medical claims, employment, credit card or financial information.', u'(Reporting by Caroline Humer in New York and Anjali Rao Koppala in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Viacom Boosts Dividend More Than 20 Percent to 40 Cents'], [u'(Reuters) - Media company Viacom Inc, still struggling to turn around advertising declines in the United States, raised its quarterly cash dividend more than 20 percent on Wednesday.', u'The company said the increased dividend, up 7 cents to 40 cents, will be payable on July 1.', u'Viacom, which owns MTV, Comedy Central and Nickelodeon, has for the past several quarters been hit by declining ratings and changing TV viewing habits, including the dumping of pricey cable subscriptions.', u'"They (Viacom) are focused on capital return ... they have suspended their buy back. So to some extent, this compensates for that," Wedbush Securities analyst James Dix said.', u'The company in April halted its $20 billion share buyback program in connection with a restructuring and anticipated spending on acquisitions in the current fiscal year.', u'The restructuring, aimed at driving growth, involved job cuts, abandoning some titles and reorganizing three of its domestic network groups into two new organizations.', u'The company raised its dividend by 3 cents to 33 cents per share in May last year.', u'Viacom has also faced criticism from proxy advisor Institutional Shareholder Services Inc (ISS) over executive pay.', u"Chief Executive Philippe Dauman's pay rose 19 percent to $44.3 million for the year ended Sept. 30, despite an 8 percent drop in Viacom's shares that year.", u"Such increases at a time when net earnings and revenue were little changed was one reason ISS recommended that investors withhold support on compensation at Viacom's annual meeting in March.", u'Viacom has also been facing questions about who would succeed 91-year old Chairman Sumner Redstone, who controls about 80 percent of the voting shares in the company.', u"Viacom's shares closed up 0.5 percent at $65.92 on the Nasdaq on Wednesday. Up to Tuesday's close, they had fallen nearly 13 percent this year.", u'(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru. Editing by Sayantani Ghosh, Don Sebastian and Andre Grenon)']), ([u'U.S. Senators Try to Block Extension of Bulk Data Collection'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Republican Rand Paul interrupted debate in the U.S. Senate on Wednesday to make a speech opposing legislation that would extend U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' telephone data.", u'The Kentucky lawmaker, a 2016 presidential candidate, was expected to keep speaking until midnight, or later. As the hours passed, he was joined by other legislators, including Democrat Ron Wyden, who also want to convince the Senate not to extend provisions of the ', u' that provide the legal basis for the collection of billions of telephone call records.', u'"We shouldn\'t be so fearful that we\'re willing to relinquish our rights without a spirited debate," Paul said.', u'As of 9:30 p.m. (0130 GMT) Paul was still speaking on the Senate floor after more than eight hours.', u'Although Republicans control both the Senate and House of Representatives, lawmakers have been unable to agree on how to deal with the June 1 expiration of the provisions.', u"The data collection program was exposed two years ago by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden. Opponents say it infringes on Americans' privacy rights, while supporters see it as a means to protect the country from security threats.", u'If Congress does not pass legislation to continue or reform current surveillance powers before leaving town on Friday for a 10-day recess, legal authorities used to collect the data will lapse. It is unclear if Congress would be willing to put new powers in place.', u'The House voted 338-88 last week to approve another bill, the USA Freedom Act, which would end bulk data collection and replace it with targeted information retrieval. President Barack Obama would sign the measure into law if it reaches his desk.', u'The legislation has yet to be voted on in the Senate, where Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he favored renewing the Patriot Act as is, calling it essential to the safety of Americans.', u'Paul and Wyden promised to block even a short-term extension of the program.', u'McConnell said on Tuesday the Senate had "an obligation" to address the expiration and would deal with it this week. He said he would allow a vote on the USA Freedom Act.', u'An official who has followed congressional discussions on the issue said that, given the political complications, he did not see how it would be possible for Congress to approve any surveillance legislation before June 1.', u'(Additional reporting by Richard Cowan; Editing by Susan Heavey, Will Dunham and Andrew Hay)']), ([u"Firms to Face Stiffer Fines for Breaking EU's 'Right to Be Forgotten' Rules"], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  Firms such as Google and Microsoft will face stiffer fines if they violate Europe\'s "right to be forgotten" online rules, according to a draft text agreed by European Union ambassadors on Wednesday, diplomatic sources said.', u"EU member states are negotiating an overhaul of the bloc's outdated privacy laws in a bid to make them more harmonized and relevant for the rise of the Internet.", u"A draft proposal from Latvia, which holds the EU's rotating presidency, suggests three levels of fines for companies breaching the rules, ranging from 0.5 percent to 2 percent of a firm's annual worldwide turnover, depending on the gravity of the data breach.", u'Failure to "erase personal data in violation of the right to erasure and \'to be forgotten\'" falls under the second category which foresees maximum fines of one percent of a firm\'s annual global turnover, according to the draft.', u'EU ambassadors endorsed the fines on Wednesday, three diplomatic sources said.', u'Once all parts of the reform proposal have been agreed, EU ministers should endorse the whole text in mid-June. Following that, member states representatives can begin discussions with the European Parliament - which wants fines of up to 5 percent of global turnover - to find a final compromise.', u'The fines would give data protection authorities a much bigger stick in ensuring that EU data privacy rules are respected.', u'Under the current regime not all privacy watchdogs have the power to levy fines, and where they do, the amount is often negligible for big firms.', u'Google, for example, has refused to bow to EU regulators\' demands that it implement the "right to be forgotten" across all its websites, including ', u'.', u"Last year the European Union's supreme court ordered it to remove outdated or irrelevant information from its name-search results but it is only applying the ruling across its European domains, such as ", u' in Germany, arguing that it automatically redirects users to their local website anyway.', u'Social network Facebook has also come under fire from several EU regulators for its new privacy policy, although it maintains that only the Irish data protection commissioner can police it since it has its European headquarters in Dublin.', u'($1 = 0.8996 euros)', u'(Editing by Elaine Hardcastle)']), ([u'Belgian Prosecutors Investigate Alleged Intimidation of Uber Drivers'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  Brussels prosecutors said on Wednesday they were investigating alleged intimidation of Uber drivers, two months after a Belgian taxi driver was arrested for threatening behavior towards drivers who offer their services through the ride-sharing app.', u'Drivers of licensed taxis appeared to have twice ordered rides through Uber in the Belgian capital on Saturday morning, and then surrounded and insulted the driver who arrived at the rendezvous, prosecutors said. No one was hurt.', u'A 33-year-old Uber driver also alleged that a group of regular taxi drivers had surrounded him and stolen his mobile phone, but later retracted the complaint.', u'Uber said it would cooperate with the public authorities throughout any investigation.', u'"We take any incident that compromises the safety of our riders or driver partners extremely seriously. The only thing we ask anyone involved in an incident is to report it straight to the relevant authorities," said Filip Nuytemans, General Manager of Uber Belgium.', u'California-based Uber Inc, which connects willing drivers with passengers through a smartphone app, has caused a stir in many European cities, where licensed taxi drivers have protested against what they see as unfair competition.', u"Brussels' taxi drivers jammed the streets in March to protest against a move by the city to consider legalizing online ride-sharing services.", u'(Reporting by Julia Fioretti; Editing by Kevin Liffey)']), ([u'Spotify to Start Offering Videos'], [u'(Reuters) - Streaming music service Spotify will soon provide video content from musicians, news organizations and TV networks in a bid to sign up more subscribers, the company said on Wednesday.', u'A new recommendation function, similar to what rival Pandora Media Inc offers, will let people pick channels based on lifestyle activities, like "songs to sing to in the shower," or "100 plus hits form the 1980s," the Stockholm-based company said.', u'In a splashy event in New York, Spotify founder and Chief Executive Daniel Ek highlighted the discovery nature of the revamped platform that he said will deliver more relevant music and content to Spotify users.', u'"There is a profound change happening in music we couldn\'t have foreseen," he said, noting how more people listen to music on smartphones.', u'Spotify struck a myriad of partnerships with news organizations like the BBC, Vice, Walt Disney Co\'s ABC, podcasts from Slate, and short program clips from Turner Broadcasting "Conan" and Comedy Central\'s critically acclaimed hit, "Broad City."', u'"I love getting dozens of emails from Spotify," quipped Ilana Glazer, the creator and star of "Broad City," who was part of the program.', u'Spotify said it will also develop original content and video dedicated for its users. It had 15 million subscribers and 60 million active users as of the end of 2014.', u"But competition, not only from streaming music companies including Apple Inc's Beats, is intensifying when other platforms such as Snapchat are thrown into the mix. Snapchat, which is surging in popularity, earlier this year introduced Discover, which helps people find interesting content.", u"During the roughly hour-long presentation Spotify did not address any revenue opportunities with its new content partners. The bulk of Spotify's revenue comes from subscriptions.", u"(Reporting by Jennifer Saba in New York; additional reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Richard Chang)"]), ([u"Less Is More? 'Clash of Clans' Maker Banks on Handful of Games"], [u"HELSINKI \u2014  Mobile games maker Supercell will focus on just a few titles and quickly kill off ones that do not immediately catch on as it seeks to remain the world's top-grossing company in the sector, its chief executive said.", u'Such a strategy is regarded as risky by some analysts in an industry where the popularity of games can be short-lived and companies can struggle to make money from a business model that often gives apps away for free, while charging for in-game purchases and advertising.', u"But Supercell, the creator of hit titles 'Clash of Clans', 'Boom Beach' and 'Hay Day' has so far avoided the fate of its local Finnish rival Rovio and San Francisco-based Zynga, which have struggled to repeat the success of initial blockbuster games.", u"Clash of Clans, the world's No.1 grossing mobile game last year, is a war strategy game in which players build fortresses, form clans with other players and battle it out with other clans in a Medieval-style fantasy world.", u'Rather than launching a catalog of games to different audiences, Supercell - which has had explosive revenue growth since launching in 2010 - intends to keep a tight focus.', u'"In five to 10 years, we would like to be a company with not that many live games, but all very high quality," CEO Ilkka Paananen told Reuters in an interview on the sidelines of a Helsinki gaming conference.', u'Earlier this year, Supercell - which has just 150 staff - abandoned a game after market-testing, and is currently market-testing its potential fourth game, Smash Land. It dropped four games last year just before the test phase.', u'"We\'ve had a huge amount of game ideas where something just was wrong. Making new games to be played for years is inexplicably difficult... I must say that so far, we\'ve been very lucky."', u'PITFALLS', u"The company, majority owned by Japan's Softbank, last year saw its revenue tripling to 1.5 billion euros ($1.68 billion) and profit doubling to 515 million euros.", u'But analysts have sounded a note of caution, saying all games wane in popularity sooner or later and calling on the company to launch new features or totally new titles.', u'"They\'ve only got a few titles, and if those titles start to decline, then the challenge is how to bring the audience with you to the next title, or at which point you\'ll make the decision to start focusing on a new title rather than one of the older games," said Jack Kent at IHS Technology.', u"The potential pitfalls facing by mobile games makers have been illustrated by the problems of Rovio, which reported a 73 percent drop in annual profit in the latest sign its mainstay 'Angry Birds' brand is losing appeal.", u"Meanwhile Zynga, which  has been struggling to follow up on the huge success of 'Farmville', announced further job losses and other cuts this month.", u"Paananen attributed Supercell's rapid growth to users' increased play of its games which it updates regularly with extended storylines and features.", u'Its titles are free to download, but generate revenue from in-game purchases that help users progress to higher stages or to compete with their friends within a game.', u'The CEO added that for many players, the most important reason to play a game for many years is social.', u'A big challenge in the industry was to develop new ways to engage multiple players within games, Paananen said.', u'"Given that people have a connected gaming device in their pocket all the time, there must be tonnes of mechanisms for social playing that we just haven\'t come up with yet."', u'($1 = 0.8903 euros)', u'(Additional reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'Techies Lift Aged Midtown South to NYC Real Estate Heights'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  The Dutch, it is said, bought Manhattan Island in 1626 from its native American inhabitants for about $24 in trade goods. Half a millennium later, that sum wouldn't buy a square foot of office space in New York City's trendiest real estate market, the area below 34th Street known as Midtown South.", u'Fueled by an influx of workers from the Internet economy and a record 17 consecutive quarters of rising prices, the average cost per square foot of office space in Midtown South hit an all-time high of $62.02 in the first quarter, according to Colliers International.\xa0At 6.1 percent in the first quarter, the area had\xa0the lowest vacancy rate of any U.S. central business district, real estate firm Jones Lang LaSalle said', u'With New York\'s pace of job creation at its fastest in 65 years, what\'s driving the real estate activity is the attraction of living in the city and the desire to be close to peers in technology, advertising, media and information, or "TAMI," employers said.', u'"We wanted to be right in the heart of things where we could both attract top digital talent and also work with other technology companies that are right in the area," said Kim Slate, a senior vice president for MasterCard\'s tech hub at 114 Fifth Avenue and 17th Street, where last month it leased additional space.', u'The increased presence of the online industry coming out of the financial crisis has lifted the cost per square foot of Midtown South offices over the downtown financial district and cut the gap with Midtown in half: prices in Midtown South are now just $14 a square foot less than Midtown, compared to about $30 less in late 2009, data from real estate sources indicate. Midtown is the area between 34th\xa0 and 59th streets in Manhattan.', u"Technology companies have added about 80,000 new jobs in New York City since the end of 2009, a rate of job creation more than double the 30,000 jobs created in financial services, an analysis of Bureau of Labor Statistics data by Moody's Investors Service show.", u"Leasing in Midtown South by TAMI firms jumped to 37.5 percent last year, up from 14.6 percent in 2004 when financial and legal services, accounting and insurance made up 53 percent of the area's leases, Cushman & Wakefield research shows. Leases from that sector accounted for just 29.5 percent last year.", u'Google Inc, Facebook Inc and other Silicon Valley companies have boosted their presence in the area, turning the former district of storage and showcase buildings into a warren of technology companies.', u"GOOGLE'S BIG MOVE", u"When Google first leased space in 2006 at 111 Eighth Avenue, which houses one of the city's major fiber-optic hubs, it paid in the mid-to-upper $30 a square feet, said Robert Tunis, the agent at Colliers International who arranged the deal. Space in the building, which Google bought in 2010 for almost $1.9 billion, would rent at more than $90 a square foot if available today. \xa0", u'"Google was the boulder in the pond, that was the revolution," said Tunis, referring to the ripple effect Google\'s move\xa0had in the local market.', u"For real estate people, Midtown South covers pretty much everything in between Midtown\xa0and Canal Street. So that includes not only Chelsea, where Google is located, but also the Flatiron District, where 20 years ago a colony of tech companies spawned the name Silicon Alley, and the Astor Place neighborhood that's home to Facebook and IBM.", u"So far this year, IBM's Watson division, Adobe Systems and Facebook have increased their leases in Midtown South, JLL data shows. Smaller companies such San Francisco's digital marketer Amobee Inc and foreign companies like France's digital performance tracker Criteo SA, among others, also inked new leases this year in the area, according to JLL.", u"Jesse Keenan, director of research at Columbia University's Center for Urban Real Estate, said the district's unconventional building stock, with its open layouts and high ceilings, gives those start-ups clustered around the tech icons proximity to Midtown, but with greater appeal to the loosely organized companies than the rigid and vertically structured firms in Midtown.Tenants at 100-104 Fifth Avenue, at the corner of 16th Street, include Apple, Adobe Systems, Yelp, Knewton and Net-a-Porter. Inside the open-layout floor plans where cubicles once defined the office are foosball and air hockey tables, kitchens full of snacks and the ubiquitous espresso machine.", u'"The problem of finding and compensating talent is immense; they just don\'t want to live in (California\'s) suburban Silicon Valley," Keenan said. "Many of these companies found a foothold in New York simply as a mechanism of attracting talent and maintaining the talent."\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0', u'(Reporting by Herbert Lash. Editing by David Gaffen and John Pickering)']), ([u'Amputees Control Bionic Legs With Their Thoughts'], [u'By Amy Pollock', u"Amputees can control their bionic prosthetic limbs with their minds, thanks to tiny implanted myoelectric sensors (IMES) developed by Icelandic orthopedics company Ossur and surgically placed in a patient's residual muscle tissue.", u'Ossur implanted tiny sensors in the residual muscle tissue of two amputees that they say trigger movement in the prosthesis via a receiver. Ossur President & CEO Jon Sigurdsson was due to announce in Copenhagen on Wednesday (May 20) that the two amputees are the first world-wide to be able to control their lower-limb prostheses subconsciously.', u'One of the patients trialing the new implants, Gummi Olafsson, lost his right foot and lower leg years after a childhood traffic accident. He said the implants allowed him to control his bionic leg and foot almost instantly.', u'"As soon as I put my foot on, it took me about 10 minutes to get control of it. I could stand up and just walk away. Come back, sit down, use my muscles to move my foot in the position I wanted to use it. It was, like you couldn\'t believe the feeling when you were moving your ankle. It was really strange. I couldn\'t explain it. It was like, I was moving it with my muscles, there was nobody else doing it, the foot was not doing it, I was doing it, so it was really strange and overwhelming," Olafsson remembered.', u'The signals sent from the brain to nerve-endings in muscles that prompt movement continued even when Olafsson used a different prosthesis that did not have the receiver. He said it was frustrating to be unable to control the foot once more.', u'The Implanted Myoelectric Sensors (IMES) measure 5 millimeters (mm) long and 3mm wide and were provided by the United States-based Alfred Mann Foundation, which develops medical technology for use in patients.', u'Olafsson said his body continues to adapt to his prosthetic limb more each day, allowing him increased control of it.', u'"Your muscles are always getting bigger, so you get more control over it. So everyday if you are using it, you\'re always getting more and more control over what you\'re doing with your foot, so in a way, everyday you\'re learning more about how to walk properly with the foot, how to use it to go downhill, uphill, downstairs, upstairs, even sitting down and standing up from a chair," he said.', u'He has been living with the IMES and an Ossur bionic limb for over a year. Ossur plans to continue assessing the technology with clinical trials.', u"Orthopedic surgeon, and Ossur's director of research and development, Thorvaldur Ingvarsson implanted the sensors in the two patients involved in the trial himself while they were under local anesthetic in what he said was a straightforward procedure. Ingvarsson said the new technology allows the patient's brain to control both subconscious and intentional movements.", u'"So, the brain power, when it takes over, it actually gives impulses through the brain into the muscles, then the muscles contract. We put sensors into the muscles, and the muscles would pick up the signals, and the signals move their way into the prosthetics, and then the prosthetics react as your brain wants," he explained.', u"The mobility technology company has designed the system to be compatible with its current bionic devices, which already automatically adapt to their user's gait, speed and the ground terrain, but still require intentional thought.", u'Ossur says it will be more of a technology "upgrade" for its current patients and anticipates that the system will be on the market within three to five years.', u'Ingvarsson said Ossur was on the way to creating prosthetics that are more integrated with their user.', u'"Our ultimate goal is to replace the function of the lost limb, and we\'ve been doing so step-by-step and doing very well. However, as our technology move on - you have sensors for muscles, you\'re able to replace function by the new mind-controlled prosthetics - the next step might be to get sensing from the environment so you have a feedback loop," he said.', u"The company says the device is the first to use an implanted sensor inside the patient's body, whereas other mind-controlled prosthetic technologies involve transplanting muscle tissue from another part of the body and repurposing it, requiring neuroplasticity (brain retraining) to operate."]), ([u"Huawei Stakes Claim in 'Internet of Things' Market With New Operating System"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd, the world's biggest telecommunications equipment maker, on Wednesday became the latest tech giant to present its own take on the 'Internet of Things' (IoT), centered on an operating system designed to allow household and business appliances to communicate with each other online.", u'At an event in Beijing, Huawei executives showcased its "Agile IoT" architecture, including an operating system called LiteOS to control basic devices. This marks the firm\'s most significant push into a sector that has lured heavyweights from Google Inc to Intel Corp and IBM into pushing their own standards and communication protocols.', u'Huawei executives touted Agile architecture as a free and open standard that would allow hardware designers to easily make connectable devices. Aside from its operating system, Huawei also showed off fully customizable wireless equipment that could be installed in business settings.', u'"Standardizing infrastructure will foster the development of Internet applications, including \'IoT\' applications," said Huawei\'s chief strategy and marketing officer William Xu.', u"Huawei's latest expansion comes at a time when consumer-oriented firms such as Xiaomi Inc and Apple Inc, anticipating an explosion of Internet-connected home appliances and consumer devices, have sought to build ecosystems around their popular handsets.", u'Last month, Tencent Holdings Ltd unveiled its own operating system for Internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers, taking on domestic rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, JD.com Inc and Xiaomi Inc [XTC.UL] in the smart hardware space.', u'(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Telstra Says Newly Acquired Pacnet Hacked, Customer Data Exposed'], [u'SYDNEY \u2014  Australian telecommunications firm Telstra Corp Ltd said on Wednesday computer systems at its recently acquired undersea cable company Pacnet Ltd had been hacked, potentially exposing sensitive customer information to theft.', u"Telstra said the corporate information technology network of Pacnet, email and other business management systems of the company, had been accessed by an unauthorized third party several weeks before its $550 million takeover of the firm was completed on April 16. Telstra said it didn't know who was behind the hack.", u'The telecommunications company said it could not determine whether personal details of Pacnet customers had been stolen, but it acknowledged those behind the breach had would have had the opportunity.', u'"We have no evidence that data was taken from the Pacnet corporate network," Mike Burgess, corporate security and Investigations, chief information security officer at Telstra.', u'"While we will look into who was behind the breach we may never know as attribution is very difficult. We have not had any contact from the perpetrators nor do we know the reason behind this activity," said Burgess.', u'Telstra sealed a deal worth A$697 million ($550 million) for Hong Kong and Singapore-based Pacnet and its 28,000-mile submarine network in December 2014.', u"The deal gave Telstra exposure to China's growing network management industry as more companies use cloud computing, and more office workers access company email and servers remotely.", u'(Reporting by Colin Packham; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u"China Says 'Strongly Concerned' About U.S. Economic Espionage Case"], [u'BEIJING \u2014  China is "strongly concerned" about a case in which six Chinese nationals were charged by the United States with economic espionage, it said on Wednesday.', u'Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei made the remarks at a regular briefing, adding the country would work to safeguard the rights and interests of its nationals.', u'The U.S government charged six Chinese nationals with economic espionage, saying they stole secrets from two companies that develop technology often used in military systems, the Department of Justice said on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting By Sui-Lee Wee, Writing By Megha Rajagopalan)']), ([u'North Korea Modified Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Says U.S. Official'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Photographs showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists and the country may be years away from developing such technology, analysts and a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday.', u'North Korea, sanctioned by the United States and United Nations for its missile and nuclear tests, said on May 9 it had successfully conducted an underwater test-fire of a submarine-launched ballistic missile which, if true, would indicate progress in its pursuit of missile-equipped submarines.', u'On Wednesday, North Korea warned the United States not to challenge its sovereign right to boost military deterrence and boasted of its ability to miniaturize nuclear warheads, a claim it has made before and which has been widely questioned by experts and never verified.', u'But North Korea is still "many years" from developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles, U.S. Admiral James Winnefeld told an audience at the Centre for Strategic & International Studies in Washington on Tuesday.', u'"They have not gotten as far as their clever video editors and spinmeisters would have us believe," said Winnefeld, who is vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff.', u"Analysis seen by Reuters from German aerospace engineers Markus Schiller and Robert Schmucker of Schmucker Technologie appeared to support Winnefeld's statement.", u'The Munich-based pair said photos of the launch were "strongly modified", including reflections of the missile exhaust flame in the water which did not line up with the missile itself.', u'North Korea, which regularly threatens to destroy the United States, had a record of offering faked proof to claim advances in missile technology, Schiller and Schmucker said, such as poorly built mockups of missiles on display at military parades in 2012 and 2013.', u'The pair agreed with analysis posted by experts on the websites ', u' and ', u' that the missile was likely launched from a specially designed submerged barge, and not from a submarine', u'A photo on state television showed a missile high in the sky leaving a trail of white smoke, whereas other photos from state media showed no white smoke, suggesting the two photos were of different missiles with different propulsion systems, Schiller and Schmucker said.', u'South Korea stood by its position that the photos appeared authentic. "We haven\'t changed our stance that the rocket was fired from a submarine and flew about 150 meters out of the water,\u201d a South Korean military official said.', u'The North\'s National Defence Commission, the main ruling body headed by leader Kim Jong Un, said on Wednesday the submarine-based missile launch was "yet a higher level of accomplishment in the development of strategic attack means".', u'(This version of the story removes the quotation marks from the headline.)', u'(Additional reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Nick Macfie and Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u"Review: Curves and 'Self-Healing' in Super-Premium Phones"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  For those not satisfied with just a premium phone, Samsung and LG are offering two models best described as the Lamborghinis of smartphones.', u"You're already getting a lot with flagship phones from those two companies. For about $100 more, you can get a super-charged experience. Not everyone's going to want or need this, but here's what you get:", u'___', u'SAMSUNG GALAXY S6 EDGE', u"The regular Galaxy S6 offers a rich experience: a high-resolution screen with vivid colors, a fingerprint ID sensor to replace passcodes, a heart-rate sensor to track fitness and Samsung's best smartphone camera yet.", u'The Edge version offers all that plus a screen that curves around the left and right edges. The phone looks and feels nicer as a result, and the side display offers these capabilities:', u"\u2014 When it's facedown during meetings, the phone will light up on the side when a call or message comes in. You can assign your top five contacts different colors \u2014 everyone else gets white \u2014 so you can gauge whether to interrupt a meeting.", u"\u2014 If the call isn't urgent, you can tap on the heart-rate sensor to send the call to voicemail. A text message is also sent to let the caller know you're busy.", u'\u2014 The side edge can also display headlines and other information, but mostly limited to Yahoo and Twitter. During evening hours, the side display can turn into a nightstand clock.', u"The Edge's battery capacity is slightly higher than the regular S6's, but the extra price you pay is mostly for a better look. Depending on the carrier, the Edge costs $700 to $815 in the U.S. without a contract. By contrast, the regular S6 costs $600 to $685.", u'___', u'LG G FLEX2', u"The G Flex2 is curved, too \u2014 but not around the sides to offer notification lights and information. Rather, the whole phone is slightly curved inward from top to bottom, as though you've gently bent it. That's supposed to give it a better fit around your head when making calls, similar to those old flip phones or landline handsets. Of course, many people don't use phones for calls anymore, so that's not going to appeal to everyone.", u'The curvature also promises more immersive viewing, especially for video, though I found text meant for flat screens occasionally distorted when curved.', u'So forget about the flex in the name. The more impressive feature is LG\'s "self-healing" technology. Keys and other sharp objects will inevitably scratch phones. The Flex2\'s back has tiny bubbles that burst open when scratched to fill in those scratches like paint. Deeper scratches didn\'t disappear completely in my testing, but this technology does a good job of making the phone look and feel smooth after such abuse.', u"You can ditch those bulky protective cases, though self-healing doesn't mean full protection. The screen itself is still prone to scratches and cracks, as with any other phone, though LG says a special chemical layer makes the screen more durable.", u"Coming soon is an update to LG's flagship phone, G4. The screen is slightly curved, too, but not as extensively as the Flex2. It won't have the self-healing technology, though, as LG is using materials \u2014 leather, metal or ceramic \u2014 that won't be as prone to scratches. The G4 will also have a better camera than its predecessors, including the Flex2.", u"The G Flex costs $504 through Sprint and $709 through AT&T. Prices for the G4 haven't been announced yet, but high-end phones typically go for $600 to $650. The leather version might even cost more. If you're with Sprint, you're likely getting a great deal with a super-premium model.", u'The regular S6 and G4 models will be fine for most people. The extra features are neat, but not essential. Better to spend the extra money on more memory to store photos and video taken with the improved cameras.']), ([u'I.R.S. Look at Spinoffs May Affect Yahoo Plan'], [u'\u2019s plan to spin off ', u'\u2019s $34 billion stake in ', u' tax-free could run into resistance from federal tax authorities.', u'An official from the ', u' told tax lawyers in Washington on Tuesday that the agency was weighing potential changes to how it treats some kinds of tax-free spinoffs. The I.R.S. is particularly concerned about spinoffs in which the operating business comprises only a small portion of the new publicly traded company, according to the official.', u'That is exactly the type of spinoff that Ms. Mayer, chief executive of Yahoo, ', u'. The Internet company intends to bundle its small-business services division with its 384 million shares of Alibaba into a new company and spin it off to Yahoo shareholders later this year.', u'As reports of the I.R.S. review circulated on Tuesday in the last half-hour of trading, Yahoo shares plunged, closing at $40.98, down 7.6 percent. More than half of the company\u2019s stock market valuation is based on its stake in Alibaba.', u'Robert Peck, an Internet stock analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, said it was unclear whether any change in the government\u2019s tax treatment of spinoffs would affect transactions already in the works, such as the Yahoo-Alibaba transaction.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s very ambiguous,\u201d he said. \u201cDoes it apply to current deals they are looking at, or future deals only?\u201d', u'If Yahoo\u2019s disposal of Alibaba were fully taxed, Mr. Peck estimated that the fair value for Yahoo\u2019s stock would be about $40 a share, or roughly the current level. If the spinoff remains tax-free as Yahoo envisioned it, then Yahoo shares are worth closer to $55, he said.', u'A Yahoo representative said that the company was aware of the I.R.S.\u2019s plans but that there had been no change in applicable law. Yahoo noted that the company had filed its request with the I.R.S. in the first quarter of this year and still planned to complete the spinoff by the end of its fiscal year.', u'Currently, a spinoff must include an operating business, not just assets like stock, to qualify as a tax-free transaction. The I.R.S. has not established firm guidelines about how important the operating business must be to the spinoff company.', u'Yahoo Small Business, the operating unit that Yahoo is proposing to include with the Alibaba stake, is a strong business that never fit well with the rest of Yahoo\u2019s portfolio, according to Amit Kumar, who ran the unit until last November.', u'\u201cThe profitability and revenue profile were surprisingly strong, compared to many other businesses at Yahoo,\u201d he said. \u201cBut certainly by the fact that Yahoo chose Yahoo Small Business as the division to spin off, they don\u2019t consider it a core business.\u201d', u'The I.R.S. official, Isaac Zimbalist, cautioned in his prepared remarks that the agency had made no decisions on changes to its procedures, and that transactions already put before the agency would \u201ccontinue to be handled in the normal fashion for now, but this may change.\u201d', u'A spokeswoman for the I.R.S. confirmed the comments by Mr. Zimbalist.', u'In an April call with investors, Yahoo said that it had already submitted a request for a private letter ruling from the I.R.S. on the Alibaba spinoff.', u'Other companies besides Yahoo have used this type of spinoff, notably Liberty Interactive, an outpost of the telecommunications empire run by the billionaire John C. Malone. Liberty spun out its 22 percent stake in TripAdvisor last year, bundling it with an online retailing subsidiary into a new publicly traded company known as Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings.']), ([u'Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Confirms a Hacker Attack'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis confirmed on Tuesday that hackers had successfully attacked the bank, redirecting users of its online research services to fake websites set up by the attackers.', u'The breach was just the latest in a spate of hackings against government systems in recent months, affecting the White House, the State Department and ', u'.', u'In this case, the attack appeared to compromise the Internet\u2019s routing system, known as the domain name system, or D.N.S.', u'In a statement issued late Monday, the St. Louis Fed informed those who use the bank\u2019s public economic data and analysis tools that in late April it discovered the breach. The bank said hackers compromised the domain name registrar, which sends traffic to the St. Louis Fed, and was able to redirect the bank\u2019s web traffic to rogue sites.', u'The fake websites were meant to mimic the web pages of services provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis, including Federal Reserve Economic Data, or Fred, a database of economic data culled from over 70 sources, and the Federal Reserve Archival System for Economic Research, which includes historical data. The hackers also mimicked the bank\u2019s data mapping service and a service that allows users to look at vintage displays of economic data.', u'\u201cAs is common with these kinds of D.N.S. attacks, users who were redirected to one of these phony websites may have been unknowingly exposed to vulnerabilities that the hackers may have put there, such as phishing, malware and access to user names and passwords,\u201d the agency said in a statement.', u'The agency said the website of the St. Louis Fed had not been affected. The attack was first reported by ', u', a blog popular with security experts.', u'A spokeswoman for the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said that she did not yet know who was behind the attacks. The Federal Reserve had no comment about the attack.', u'Security experts say that domain name system attacks require significantly more skill than a typical website attack. By attacking the domain name registrar used by the St. Louis Fed, it is possible that attackers may have been able to compromise the security for some or all of the sites that rely on the security of the domain name registrar.', u'According to records filed with ', u', the ', u', the St. Louis Fed\u2019s domain name registrar is eNom Inc., which is part of Rightside, a company in Kirkland, Wash. According to the company\u2019s website, Rightside has 16 million web domain names under management.', u'Representatives for ENom and Rightside said they were aware of a \u201csophisticated attack,\u201d but that they had \u201cno evidence of customers personal information being accessed.\u201d', u'On Tuesday, security experts said that the hackers could have gained valuable personal information from the attack. Attackers may have been able to glean email addresses and passwords from bankers and currency traders in the attack, for example, information that could be used for a more sophisticated attack on more valuable websites.', u'\u201cGreat way to phish the passwords and email addresses of bankers and currency traders,\u201d said Dave Jevans, the chairman of the Anti-Phishing Working Group. \u201cSince people reuse passwords, this is a ready font of juicy data to attack all users of the Fed\u2019s data.\u201d']), ([u'China to Spend $182 Billion to Boost Internet by End of 2017'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  China will spend more than $182 billion to boost Internet speeds by the end of 2017, a top government body said, as Beijing moves towards a more service-driven economy to boost growth.', u'The State Council said the government will invest more than 430 billion yuan ($69.3 billion) this year on network construction, with at least another 700 billion yuan ($112.8 billion) spent over the following two years.', u'The goal is to accelerate the development of fiber optic broadband and high speed 4G mobile networks, the governing body said on its website.', u"China ranked 82nd in the world for average Internet connection speed, slower than Malaysia, Thailand and Taiwan, according to cloud computing services provider Akamai's State of the Internet report for the fourth quarter of 2014.", u"Improving that standing is crucial for the world's second largest economy, which is experiencing the slowest growth in decades and is seeking to diversify away from low-tech manufacturing and development.", u'On Tuesday, China unveiled a vision for the next stage of its economic ascent, moving from low-tech manufacturing to advanced industry in areas such as space, e-commerce, green energy and bioengineering by 2025.', u'Premier Li Keqiang has also already identified the Internet and technology as vital catalysts for the shift towards an economy centered around services.', u"China's three state-owned wireless carriers are also on board. Last week, China Mobile Ltd, China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd and China Telecom Corp Ltd said they would cut mobile data prices and boost data speeds this year, potentially spurring a mass migration of customers to more lucrative 4G contracts.", u'(Reporting by Paul Carsten; Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u'Tech Giants Urge Obama to Reject Policies That Weaken Encryption'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A collection of tech industry giants like ', u', ', u', ', u' and Microsoft, as well as civil liberties organizations and Internet security experts, sent a letter to ', u' on Tuesday warning of the unintended consequences of any policy meant to weaken the encryption technologies that protect Internet communications.', u'The White House has been weighing whether to mandate that companies use only forms of encryption that provide law enforcement with the means for unscrambled access \u2014 a so-called back door.', u'Critics in the technology industry are concerned that a back door for law enforcement in the United States would be a back door for everyone, including other governments and hackers. One Yahoo executive likened the proposal to \u201cdrilling a hole in the windshield.\u201d', u'\u201cWe urge you to reject any proposal that U.S. companies deliberately weaken the security of their products,\u201d the letter to ', u' said. \u201cWe request that the White House instead focus on developing policies that will promote rather than undermine the wide adoption of strong encryption technology.\u201d', u', ', u', ', u' and other tech companies have been moving to encrypt customers\u2019 communications so that the government cannot monitor them without going directly to the customer. The companies\u2019 efforts have been criticized by some in law enforcement who argue the toughened encryption will stymie their investigations.', u'The White House is weighing a proposal in which parts of the key to unlock digital encryption would be held by the government, and part would be held by the companies. That system was articulated by Michael S. Rogers, director of the National Security Agency, in a recent speech at Princeton University. He called for a compromise in the form of \u201ckey escrow,\u201d where the government would hold onto part of the encryption key and companies would hold onto the other, and it would be secured with \u201cmultiple locks \u2014 big locks.\u201d', u'But technologists say such a solution simply does not work. The White House\u2019s own handpicked National Security Agency review group members, several of whom signed the letter on Tuesday, also recommended that the government support efforts to advance strong encryption.', u'The letter was signed by more than 140 tech companies and dozens of civil liberty, human rights and press freedom groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation, Human Rights Watch and the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press. It was also signed by 60 security and policy experts including Whitfield Diffie, one of the co-inventors of the public key cryptography commonly used on the Internet today, and the former White House counterterrorism czar Richard A. Clarke, who was one of a handful of experts the White House asked to review its security policies after the revelations by Edward J. Snowden.', u'Apple recently switched on end-to-end encryption in its mobile operating system. Facebook turned on similar encryption in its WhatsApp messaging service. And Google has unveiled an end-to-end encryption system but has yet to turn it on as the default setting. Once it does, law enforcement will have to go directly to the user, not the companies, to read those messages.', u'Inside the United States, the most vocal critic of tougher encryption has been James B. Comey, the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. After Apple and Google\u2019s encryption announcements last fall, Mr. Comey told an audience that \u201cencryption threatens to lead all of us to a very dark place.\u201d', u'\u201cSophisticated criminals will come to count on these means of evading detection,\u201d Mr. Comey said. \u201cIt\u2019s the equivalent of a closet that can\u2019t be opened. A safe that can\u2019t be cracked. And my question is, At what cost?\u201d', u'But technologists say the government\u2019s arguments hold little water. \u201cThe president has been letting his top intelligence and law enforcement officials criticize companies for making their devices more secure, and letting them suggest that Congress should pass anti-encryption, pro-back-door legislation,\u201d Kevin Bankston, the co-director of New America\u2019s Cybersecurity Initiative, said Tuesday. \u201cThat\u2019s despite unanimous consensus in the technical community that back doors are bad for security, and despite lawmakers clearly signaling that they think it\u2019s a bad idea.\u201d', u'At a security conference last month, the nation\u2019s leading cryptographers sharply criticized the notion that the government has a safe way to read encrypted communications. \u201cTechnically speaking, there\u2019s a serious misunderstanding about key escrow,\u201d said Ron Rivest, one of the inventors of the widely used RSA encryption algorithm. \u201cThe head of the N.S.A. is misusing this idea.\u201d', u'Paul Kocher, president of Rambus\u2019s Cryptography Research division, said the government was mistaken in believing it could apply the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act, which requires telecommunications companies to build allowances for law enforcement surveillance into cryptographic software.', u'\u201cThe amount of information that intelligence officials are collecting \u2014 even if some sources go dark \u2014 is dramatically more than it\u2019s been in history,\u201d Mr. Kocher said at a security conference last month. \u201cThe idea that we need to stop rolling out technology to keep our industries and businesses safe to keep a few sources from going dark is certainly not a trade-off.\u201d']), ([u'6 Chinese Men Indicted in Theft of Code From U.S. Tech Companies'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014 The Obama administration on Tuesday announced the arrest of a Chinese professor and the indictment of five other Chinese citizens in what it contended was a decade-long scheme to steal microelectronics designs from American companies on behalf of the Chinese government.', u'The indictment, under a provision of the ', u' that is used only in cases where the government believes it can prove the theft was on behalf of a foreign power, was the largest since five members of the People\u2019s Liberation Army were ', u', accused of hacking into the computer systems of American companies to steal technology for state-owned Chinese companies.', u'None of those five officials have been arrested or seen in an American courtroom, and for a time those indictments froze discussions between the United States and Chinese governments over rules for reducing online attacks. But the chief of the national security division of the Justice Department, John P. Carlin, recently defended the approach as the best way to \u201craise the price\u201d for the Chinese.', u'In the current case, however, authorities arrested a Chinese professor as he landed Saturday at Los Angeles International Airport on his way to a conference, a move clearly meant to signal to China that the United States would now aim to capture and try those accused of perpetrating what the former head of the National Security Agency, Keith B. Alexander, often called \u201cthe greatest transfer of wealth in history.\u201d', u'Prosecutors said that the professor was Zhang Hao, 36, of Tianjin University, which dates back to 1895 and advertises itself on its website as China\u2019s \u201cfirst university.\u201d', u'Mr. Zhang appeared in court for the first time on Monday; his lawyer did not return phone calls.', u'It is a delicate time in United States relations with China. The Obama administration is considering how hard to push back against China\u2019s occupation of disputed islands in the South China Sea, a marked acceleration in its nuclear weapons and missile programs, and continued tension over online theft. This case, curiously, involved no evidence of hacking, but rather of insider theft.', u'The question of economic espionage, however, has moved to the center of the relationship \u2014 and so far the Obama administration\u2019s effort to combat it has had only limited success.', u'Two years ago, the White House vowed to make investigations and prosecutions in the theft of trade secrets a top priority, after Chinese hacker attacks began to dominate headlines.', u'The new indictment contends that Mr. Zhang was one of six men who created a network as they studied and later worked in the United States, taking jobs at two small American technology companies, ', u' and ', u', that make a type of chip critical to cellphones.', u'The chip is popularly known as a filter, which is used for acoustics in mobile telephones; while the parts are small, the market for them worldwide is worth well more than $1 billion a year. According to the charges, the men took the firms\u2019 technology back to Tianjin University, created a joint venture company with the university to produce the chips and soon were selling them both to the Chinese military and to commercial customers.', u'\u201cSensitive technology developed by U.S. companies in Silicon Valley and throughout California continues to be vulnerable to coordinated and complex efforts sponsored by foreign governments to steal that technology,\u201d said Melinda Haag, the United States attorney in San Francisco.', u'According to the indictment, two of the professors began to apply for patents on some of the technology in the United States, beginning in 2010. They portrayed their work as on behalf of Tianjin, a state-sponsored university. Because of that link, prosecutors are trying to use provisions of the Economic Espionage Act that have been part of only about a dozen cases in the last 20 years.', u'Proving the case will require the Justice Department to establish that the stolen trade secrets benefited the Chinese government \u2014 often a tough case to make. Peter J. Toren, a lawyer at Weisbrod Matteis and Copley, a Washington law firm, said that if convicted, the defendants could face lengthy prison terms that would be based largely on the dollar value of the trade secrets.', u'The indictment lists the patent applications that it says Mr. Zhang and another Chinese professor, Pang Wei, who apparently remains in China, \u201cneeded to justify their hiring as full professors\u201d at Tianjin by \u201chaving patent applications in their names in both the United States\u201d and in China.', u'The indictment includes emails from several of the accused Chinese professors and engineers dating to 2006, when they were still working in the United States.', u'\u201cPlease try not to check personal email account in company,\u201d said one email from Mr. Pang to Mr. Zhang and another defendant, Zhang Huisui. \u201cIt could be tracked as long as in company\u2019s network. It is very important. Even in Avago, I have seen several law cases\u201d where employees were investigated.', u'The indictment cites other emails describing plans to \u201cform a company and establish a factory in China\u201d to produce the filter chips used by Motorola, Samsung, Nokia and others, and estimating that the market for the chips was around $1 billion. That was a year before the iPhone was introduced in 2007, which led to an explosion in smartphone sales.', u'Other emails cited in the indictment run through 2013, and the government contends they included a \u201cstolen Avago design kit\u201d for the chips.', u'From 2009 to 2013, the Federal Bureau of Investigation reported a 60 percent increase in trade theft investigations, but prosecutions have proved difficult. For one thing, the hackings can be difficult to trace to the individuals behind them, and jurisdictional limits make it difficult to arrest Chinese citizens or to serve summonses to the Chinese companies that benefit from trade secret theft.', u'Universities have often played a major role in the investigations. Several digital attacks on American targets have been traced back to Chinese universities, which security experts believe are used to camouflage state-sponsored hacking.', u'In some cases, security reports have tied hackings against Chinese targets and companies in Japan to students at Sichuan University in Chengdu, China, which receives substantial government backing for its research in computer network defense.', u'But many cases, including the latest one, center on corporate insiders rather than hackers \u2014 often Chinese citizens charged with stealing intellectual property from their American employers and sending it back to China for replication abroad.', u'Last year, federal prosecutors achieved the first-ever ', u' on economic espionage charges, against two Americans and a corporation accused of selling DuPont trade secrets to a state-owned company in China. But the Justice Department has yet to charge the two Chinese citizens who it says played a critical role in the theft, or the Chinese state-owned entity that benefited.', u'The grand jury in the latest case charged six Chinese citizens: Zhang Hao; Mr. Pang, 35; Zhang Huisui, 34; Jinping Chen, 41; Chong Zhou, 26; and Zhao Gang, 39. The indictment said they conspired to replicate stolen technologies in a new Chinese venture, named ROFS Microsystem.']), ([u"North Korea 'Modified' Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Say Experts"], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Photos showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists, and the isolated country may still be years away from developing the technology, analysts and a senior U.S. Navy admiral said on Tuesday.', u'North Korea, heavily sanctioned by the United States and United Nations for its missile and nuclear tests, said on May 9 it had successfully conducted an underwater test-fire of a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM) which, if true, would indicate progress in its pursuit of building missile-equipped submarines.', u'But Pyongyang was still "many years" from developing submarine-launched ballistic missiles, Admiral James Winnefeld told an audience at the Centre for Strategic & International Studies (CSIS) in Washington on Tuesday.', u"Analysis seen by Reuters from German aerospace engineers Markus Schiller and Robert Schmucker of Schmucker Technologie supported Winnefeld's statement.", u'The Munich-based pair said photos of the launch were "strongly modified", including reflections of the missile exhaust flame in the water which did not line up with the missile itself.', u'North Korea, which regularly threatens to destroy the United States, had a track record of offering faked proof to claim significant advances in missile technology, Schiller and Schmucker said, such as poorly built mockups of missiles on display at military parades in 2012 and 2013.', u'"Considering the track record of North Korean deceptions, it seems sensible to assume that any North Korean SLBM capability is still a very long time in the future, if it will ever surface," Schiller and Schmucker said.', u'The pair also agreed with analysis posted by experts on the websites ', u' and ', u' that the missile was likely launched from a specially designed submerged barge, and not from a submarine.', u'A photo on state TV showed a missile high in the sky leaving a trail of white smoke, whereas other photos from state media showed no white smoke, suggesting the two photos were of different missiles with different propulsion systems, Schiller and Schmucker said.', u'"They have not gotten as far as their clever video editors and spinmeisters would have us believe," Winnefeld said.South Korean military officials said after the launch that photos showing the missile appeared to be authentic.', u'"We haven\'t changed our stance that the rocket was fired from a submarine and flew about 150 meters out of the water," a South Korean military official said, when asked to comment on Winnefeld\'s remarks.', u'"As we have previously said, the photos don\'t appear to have been manipulated."', u'(Additional reporting by Ju-min Park; Editing by Nick Macfie)']), ([u'St. Louis Federal Reserve Says Was Victim of Hacking Attack'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said hackers successfully attacked the bank last month.', u"The bank said hackers manipulated its routing settings on April 24 and redirected its web traffic to rogue websites they created to simulate the look of the Fed's site, the bank said in a statement on Monday.", u'The St. Louis Fed\u2019s website itself was not compromised, the bank said.', u'(Reporting by Doina Chiacu; Editing by Peter Cooney)']), ([u'Factbox: U.S. Accusations Against China Over Trade Secrets'], [u'(Reuters) - The United States charged six Chinese nationals on Tuesday with economic espionage, saying they stole secrets from two companies that develop technology often used in military systems.', u'There have been several cases in recent years in which individuals have been accused in the United States of trade secret theft for the benefit of China. Among them:', u'Boeing (2010)', u'In February 2010, former Rockwell International and Boeing Co engineer Dongfan "Greg" Chung, a naturalized U.S. citizen, was sentenced in the United States for stealing restricted technology and Boeing trade secrets on behalf of the Chinese government, including information on the U.S. ', u' program and Delta IV rocket.', u'Dow and Cargill (2011)', u'In December 2011, Kexue Huang, a Chinese citizen, was sentenced in the United States for stealing secrets from Dow Agrosciences and Cargill Inc to benefit a foreign university tied to the Chinese government.', u'Motorola (2012)', u"In August 2012, Hanjuan Jin, a naturalized U.S. citizen and a former software engineer for Motorola, was sentenced in the United States for stealing Motorola's proprietary iDEN telecommunications technology for herself and for Sun Kaisens, a company that developed products for the Chinese military.", u'L-3 Communications (2012)', u'In September 2012, Sixing Liu, aka "Steve Liu," a Chinese national who worked as a senior staff engineer for Space & Navigation, a division of L-3 Communications, was convicted in the United States of stealing files from the company on guidance systems.', u'DuPont (2014)', u'In March 2014, a California businessman, Walter Liew, was convicted in the United States of stealing DuPont trade secrets to help a state-owned Chinese company develop a white pigment used in a wide range of products.', u'Various U.S. companies (2014)', u"In May 2014, the United States charged five Chinese military officers with hacking into U.S. nuclear, metal and solar companies, including Alcoa Inc, Allegheny Technologies Inc, United States Steel Corp, Toshiba Corp unit Westinghouse Electric Co, the U.S. subsidiaries of SolarWorld AG, and a steel workers' union.", u'Boeing (2014)', u'In July 2014, the United States charged Su Bin, a Chinese businessman, with hacking Boeing computer systems and other U.S. defense contractors and stealing confidential military aircraft plans. He is alleged to have stolen data on the C-17 military transport plane and ', u' and ', u' fighter jets, and attempted to sell them to Chinese companies.', u'Additional source: U.S. government\'s "Strategy to Mitigate the Theft of U.S. Trade Secrets," February 2013', u'(Reporting by Lindsay Dunsmuir; Editing by Kevin Drawbaugh and Richard Chang)']), ([u'Whirlpool and AB InBev Team Up on Hot-And-Cold Drink Machine'], [u'SAO PAULO \u2014  Whirlpool Corp and Anheuser-Busch InBev on Tuesday started selling a countertop appliance that makes soda, juice and coffee with single-serve capsules, marking the start of a joint venture worth more than $70 million.', u"The B.blend machine, designed by the world's No. 1 appliance maker and serving non-alcoholic beverages from the world's biggest brewer, is a new entry in the market for capsule-based drink machines, which are expanding from coffee to a range of soft drinks.", u'Last year, the Coca-Cola Co invested an initial $1.25 billion in Keurig Green Mountain Inc as part of a plan to sell its soft drinks via a new machine. The Keurig Cold is expected to challenge Israeli market leader SodaStream International Ltd this year.', u"B.blend aims to break into the market as the world's first all-in-one machine offering single servings of hot, cold and carbonated drinks in the home, according to Fernando Yunes, vice president for new business at Whirlpool Latin America.", u'"There are rivals that make coffee or soft drinks, but nothing like this," Yunes said at an event in Sao Paulo, where sales began on Tuesday.', u'Executives said there are plans to expand sales to the rest of Brazil and internationally, depending on demand.', u'The first run of 500 B.blend machines, aimed at early adopters who want a role in designing new drinks, will cost about 3,500 reais ($1,150). Additional capsules go for between 1.50 reais and 4.50 reais.', u"Whirlpool has spent four years developing the device, which was thought up by a young Brazilian trainee. AB InBev's local unit AmBev SA is investing more than 100 million reais for a 50 percent stake in the B.blend joint venture.", u'(Reporting by Brad Haynes; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u"Federal Judge Demands Details on Sprint $50 Million 'Cramming' Settlement"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A federal judge said on Tuesday he would not approve a proposed $50 million settlement between the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Sprint Corp over claims the mobile carrier added unauthorized charges to phone bills unless the two sides provide additional details about its fairness.', u'In an order filed in New York federal court, U.S. District Judge William Pauley said papers filed jointly by Sprint and the CFPB were bereft of information that would allow him to determine whether the deal deserves his approval.', u'The proposed agreement is part of a broader deal in which Sprint and Verizon Communications Inc agreed to pay $68 million and $90 million, respectively, to end several U.S. government probes into the practice known as "cramming," in which mobile carriers charge customers for services they never requested such as horoscopes.', u'"How the Bureau believes a judge can evaluate the proposed settlement with a one sentence joint motion, no memorandum of law, and no declarations, eludes this Court," Pauley wrote. "It is especially ironic, given the Bureau\'s core mission as described on its website to \'give consumers the information they need to understand the terms of their agreements.\'"', u'Pauley did not say the proposed settlement appears unfair or unreasonable. His concerns, however, mirror those of a handful of other federal judges, most notably Jed Rakoff in New York, who have complained that parties seeking court approval for settlements have sometimes treated it as little more than a rubber stamp.', u'In a statement, a Sprint spokeswoman said: "We are reviewing Judge Pauley\'s order and we will go through the necessary steps to address this matter with the court."', u'A spokeswoman for the CFPB declined to comment, but said the agency would file a response to the order.', u'Last year, AT&T Inc paid $105 million and T-Mobile US $90 million to settle similar probes.', u'The case is Consumer Financial Protection Bureau v. Sprint Corporation, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, No. 14-cv-09931.']), ([u'Yahoo Shares Fall on Worries of Possible U.S. Tax Change on Spinoffs'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Yahoo Inc shares fell 7.6 percent on Tuesday on  concerns that a possible change in U.S. tax regulations would affect Yahoo's planned spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.", u'The change - discussed by a U.S. Internal Revenue Service official in Washington - could complicate the plan announced by Yahoo in January to spin off its 15 percent stake in Alibaba tax free.', u'Yahoo did not respond immediately to a request for comment.', u"The IRS is considering a change to its rules on spinoffs and may suspend new requests, according to a statement from the Internal Revenue Service. It said an official described the agency's process at a legal conference on Tuesday.", u'The IRS said it had been asked whether it is considering a change in its rules on \u201cspin-offs in which the active trade or business of the distributing corporation or the controlled corporation is small in relation to its other assets.\u201d', u'Speaking at a legal conference, the IRS official said, \u201cWe are thinking about it. But we have made no decisions."', u'The official added, "While we are studying these matters, ruling requests that are already in house will continue to be handled in the normal fashion for now, but this may change. Requests received after this announcement may be held in abeyance as we study the area, and ultimately we may decide not to entertain these ruling requests at all.\u201d', u'Yahoo Chief Financial Officer Ken Goldman in an April earnings conference call said that Yahoo had submitted a request already to the IRS on the plan to spin off the Alibaba stake into a company with a small operating unit.', u"Still, investors took the IRS comments as a threat to Yahoo's plan.", u'"The concern is there may be road blocks to this event," said Colin Gillis, BGC Partners analyst, referring to Yahoo\'s spinoff of the Alibaba stake. Shareholders may also worry about the prospects for a potential spinoff of the company\'s Japan business, Gillis said.', u"Almost 30 million shares in Yahoo changed hands between 3:40 p.m. EDT (1940 GMT) and the 4 p.m. market close, out of the 41.9 million shares traded in the full session. The trading volume was almost three times Yahoo's 10-day average.", u'Shares of Alibaba closed up 1.3 percent at $88.21. Shares of  Yahoo fell $3.38 to $40.98.', u'"People are interpreting (the IRS change) as negative for Yahoo right off the bat," Victor Anthony, analyst at Axiom Capital.', u'(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh and Peter Henderson; Editing by Leslie Adler and Steve Orlofsky)']), ([u'Computer Sciences to Split Into Two Companies'], [u'(Reuters) - Computer Sciences Corp, a technology consulting service provider, said it would split into two public companies \u2014 one to serve commercial and government clients globally and one to serve public sector clients in the United States.', u'CSC shares were up 4.5 percent in after-market trading on Tuesday.', u'Reuters exclusively reported last week that the company was planning to separate its government business from its commercial information technology division.', u'CSC, which has made multiple attempts to sell itself over the years, is in the midst of a cost-cutting campaign amid sequestration and budget pressures from the U.S. government.', u'Following the separation, expected to be completed by October-end, CSC shareholders will own shares of both companies, CSC said on Tuesday.', u'The company said the split into two companies would be tax-free for its shareholders. It also declared a special cash dividend of $10.50 per share as part of the deal.', u'Hedge fund Jana Partners LLC, which disclosed a 5.9 percent stake in CSC in February, said it supported the move.', u"CSC's global commercial business posted revenue of $8.1 billion for the year ended April 3, while the U.S. public sector business recorded $4.1 billion in revenue in the same period, the company said.", u'Fourth-quarter revenue fell 12.6 percent to $2.91 billion, hurt by lowered prices, restructuring and contract completions. Costs rose 11.4 percent to $3.23 billion.', u'The company estimated an adjusted profit of 4.75-$5.05 per share from continuing operations for the full year.', u'Analysts on average were expecting a profit of $4.80 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'CAD Software Maker Autodesk Forecasts Profit Below Estimates'], [u'(Reuters) - Autodesk Inc, which makes computer-aided design software, forecast lower-than-expected profit and revenue for the second quarter, citing a stronger dollar.', u'Shares of the company, which also cut its profit and revenue forecast for the year, fell nearly 8 percent in extended trading on Tuesday.', u'Autodesk, which gets nearly two-thirds of its revenue from outside the Americas, projected currency rate fluctuations to hit revenue growth by 5 percentage points for the year ending Jan. 31.', u'The dollar increased about 9 percent against a basket of major currencies in the first three months of this year.', u'Autodesk, known for its AutoCAD software used by construction companies, engineers and manufacturers to design products and simulate real-world performance, now expects revenue growth of 2-4 percent for the year.', u'The company had earlier forecast a 3-5 percent growth.', u'Autodesk cut its adjusted profit forecast for the year to 95 cents-$1.10 from $1.05-$1.20.', u'For the second quarter, it forecast an adjusted profit of 14-19 cents per share on revenue of $600 million-$620 million.', u'Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 32 cents on revenue of $650 million.', u'The stronger dollar hurt its revenue in all regions except the Americas in the first quarter ended April 30, said Autodesk, which competes against software from Adobe Systems Inc, Ansys Inc and Dassault Systemes SA.', u'Revenue increased to 9.1 percent $646.5 million.', u'The company, which is moving from a license-based business to a cloud-based subscription model, said subscription revenue rose 15.7 percent to $319.8 million.', u'Subscriptions bring in less money upfront, as payment is spread over the entire period of use unlike traditional packaged software, but typically ensure more predictable recurring revenue.', u"The switch to the new model increased Autodesk's costs. While total cost of revenue increased 16.6 percent, total operating expenses went up 13.1 percent.", u"The company's net income fell to $19.1 million, or 8 cents per share, from $28.3 million, or 12 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, the company earned 30 cents per share.', u'Analysts on average had expected a profit of 28 cents per share on revenue of $636.6 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'Mobile Shapes How Video, Wireless Providers Evolve'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Video is going mobile, and leading TV providers are trying to adapt.', u'AT&T, for instance, is buying satellite TV provider DirecTV so it can offer packages that marry wireless and wired Internet access with traditional and online video. Verizon is buying AOL for technology to improve advertising on mobile devices. And Comcast tried \u2014 unsuccessfully \u2014 to get bigger, in part to compete better with online video services such as Netflix and Hulu.', u"Here's a look at what those three companies are doing:", u'___', u'AT&T', u"If AT&T's $48.5 billion bid to buy DirecTV goes through this summer, AT&T would become the No. 1 provider of traditional TV services. AT&T's U-verse video service is already in 6 million households in 21 states. DirecTV's 20 million households nationwide would give AT&T 26 million video customers in the U.S.", u'Cable companies now sell packages of video, Internet and phone services through wires to your home. AT&T wants to add a fourth, wireless, to the bundle in the 21 U-verse states. Elsewhere, it would be able to package satellite TV with wireless.', u"More importantly, AT&T would be able to offer more flexibility in how customers watch video. All cable companies have been embracing TV Everywhere \u2014 websites and mobile apps for watching movies and TV shows on the go. But it's a choppy experience. Providers don't have the right to offer certain channels on mobile. Some channels work only with some devices.", u'AT&T says it already has some rights to bring video to mobile. But in other cases, it needs new contracts with TV channels providing the shows. Having DirecTV would give AT&T more bargaining power and would let it deepen relationships with content providers as video transitions to mobile over the next several years.', u'___', u'VERIZON', u"Verizon's $4.4 billion bid for AOL is largely about advertising and mobile video. Verizon already offers traditional TV services to 6 million households through FiOS. Having AOL wouldn't increase that, but would give the country's biggest wireless carrier more video it can distribute to its phone subscribers.", u"More importantly, Verizon would have advertising technology from AOL to boost revenue. Although people are using their phones more for video, wireless carriers haven't seen a corresponding increase in revenue because of price competition. With AOL, Verizon has a better chance of getting additional revenue from advertisers instead.", u'___', u'COMCAST', u"Comcast, currently the nation's leading TV provider with 22 million households, wanted to buy Time Warner Cable, which has 11 million households. It abandoned the $45 billion bid, though, after federal regulators objected over worries about a larger company's ability to undermine online video providers.", u'But the core of the deal was less about providing mobile video than helping Comcast compete. As people increasingly turn to online services and drop traditional TV channels, Comcast wanted to get bigger so that it could negotiate better deals to carry the channels on its cable lineup. That could have translated into more flexibility for TV Everywhere services on phones.', u'Comcast still remains primarily a home service provider. It has been improving technology in the home, such as a remote that responds to your voice.', u'Comcast began diversifying years ago, namely with its purchase of NBCUniversal. Instead of just selling dumb pipes, Comcast was able to make money from content, too. As NBCUniversal channels expand their offerings on mobile, Comcast benefits whether the viewer gets the channels through Comcast, AT&T or Dish.']), ([u"Not Your Ma's Bell: AT&T Evolves Beyond Phones"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The company whose name has long been synonymous with telephones is looking for new ways to reach out and touch someone.', u'AT&T, which had a popular "Reach Out and Touch Someone" slogan in the 1980s, now wants to be on your TV, car and even trashcan.', u'AT&T Inc. is spending $48.5 billion to buy satellite TV provider DirecTV as it looks for new ways to package access \u2014 wireless and wired \u2014 with traditional and online video.', u"It's also revamping its stores to showcase other services, including the ability to unlock your home's front doors through an app to let in contractors. It's equipping cars with data connections for diagnostic, roadside assistance and entertainment systems. It's even putting data sensors into inanimate objects such as parking meters and water pipes to build smarter cities.", u'And last year, the company adopted "Mobilizing Your World" as its slogan to reflect a desire to be part of your entire life, not just on phones.', u'"We don\'t view ourselves as a phone company anymore," said Ralph de la Vega, the company\'s longtime mobile chief who took on greater responsibilities beyond phones after a company reorganization.', u"Driving the transformation is a slowdown in the U.S. phone business, given that most Americans already have cellphones. And although people have been using their cellphones more heavily, especially to watch video, that hasn't translated into a corresponding increase in revenue, largely because of price competition.", u"All phone companies have been looking beyond phones for growth, but none of them has been as aggressive as AT&T, the second-largest U.S. wireless carrier. No. 1 carrier Verizon announced a $4.4 billion bid last week to buy AOL for its advertising and video services, but AT&T's DirecTV bid is 11 times that amount. The deal, which AT&T hopes to complete within weeks, would make AT&T the leading traditional TV provider in the U.S., surpassing Comcast, and push AT&T farther into Latin America, where DirecTV is strong.", u'"As the U.S. industry has gotten more competitive, they\'ve made some steps to diversify," said Jon Atkin, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets. "Verizon has a little bit less product diversity, and certainly less geographic diversity \u2014 if you want to call it, greater focus."', u"AT&T's transition has been years in the making as wireless supplanted landline phones. But the move beyond phones \u2014 wireless or otherwise \u2014 is accelerating with the impending DirecTV purchase and a growth in car models with connectivity built in.", u"Of course, the phone isn't going away. AT&T typically gets more monthly revenue for smartphone service (up to $40) than a tablet, wristwatch or car connection ($10 each).", u'These emerging businesses represent ways to get that same phone customer to pay more:', u"\u2014 With DirecTV, AT&T will be able to package video in new ways. AT&T already provides traditional TV services to 6 million households in 21 states through fixed-wire lines. DirecTV would add more than 20 million households nationwide, and the combined 26 million would exceed Comcast's 22 million for TV.", u'AT&T wants to add wireless to packages now made of TV, Internet and wired phone lines. And it wants to distribute video content to more places, including phones and the backseats of cars.', u'"We believe that going forward, when people start making decisions around mobile services, it\'s going to be around what I can do with those services. Can I watch video that\'s important when I\'m on the go or wherever I am?" said John Stankey, AT&T\'s chief strategy officer.', u'\u2014 Cars, meanwhile, contributed to more than half of the 1.2 million wireless service connections that AT&T added in the first quarter. These are primarily car manufacturers needing data connections for diagnostic systems and consumer-facing services such as OnStar navigation and roadside assistance.', u'AT&T has partnerships with eight car manufacturers, including General Motors, Ford and BMW, and expects to be the data-service provider for half of the new wireless-connected passenger vehicles this year.', u"While AT&T sells data connections to car manufacturers \u2014 in some cases, to resell to drivers as part of OnStar and the like \u2014 AT&T is also targeting consumers directly with the promise of backseat entertainment and other benefits. (It hasn't said how many have subscribed, though the business appears small for now.)", u"\u2014 With AT&T's Digital Life home-automation and security services, people can unlock doors, turn off lights and check security cameras remotely through an app.", u"\u2014 And AT&T is making a big push for business and government customers. After selling them wireless and wired phone connections, it's selling them new ways to use those connections, such as vehicle tracking and mobile timecards for payroll.", u"But why stop at employees? AT&T is also selling new types of wireless connections for water pipes to warn of leaks and garbage cans to say when they are full. AT&T might get a cut of any savings when garbage trucks don't have to drive to nearly empty cans.", u'AT&T is also developing systems that analyze traffic patterns, so traffic can be rerouted before congestion forms. A car skidding on a patch of ice might even warn other vehicles behind it, without any human intervention.', u'Some of these projects are in research labs, while others have real customers in trials and smaller deployments.', u"Jefferies analyst Mike McCormack said that other than DirecTV, many of these initiatives won't produce much revenue. Take cars: It's one thing to include data capabilities; it's another to get people to pay another monthly fee.", u"Nonetheless, it's revenue AT&T didn't have before.", u'"We are going to be touching the customers in every aspect of their lives, whether it be the car, the home, the smartphone," said Glenn Lurie, who heads AT&T Mobility. "It really puts us in a position to grow."']), ([u'Eye-Tracking Tech Makes Virtual Reality Hands-Free'], [u'By Matthew Stock', u'An advanced virtual reality headset could be a game-changer for the entertainment industry and give people with certain disabilities new powers of communication and interaction, according to the developers. The FOVE headset uses eye-tracking technology to give the wearer an immersive and completely hands-free virtual reality, where all of their actions can be controlled by their eye movements.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Virtual reality technology has been touted as the next social and communications platform, with companies like Oculus VR one of the market leaders with their "Oculus Rift" virtual-reality glasses. But FOVE\'s co-developer and chief technology officer Lochlainn Wilson says their unique technology offers an immersive experience like no other.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "Eye-tracking is game-changing in VR. It allows for much more complex and subtle interaction than has been possible previously. By knowing exactly where the user is looking, characters in virtual reality can react to your gaze and return it naturally or avoid it or respond or question," he said, adding: "But what really sets us apart is eye-tracking, of course. So, with eye-tracking we enable a whole new world of interaction in VR. We enable really sensitive emotional experiences that could only otherwise be experienced in real life."', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0FOVE's eye-tracking technology uses two in-built cameras in the head mount to recognize the users' eye movement. At present users perform a short calibration sequence, where the device scans the user's eye and tracks the movement of their iris. The team says the next version of the device will use iris recognition to load user profiles.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Wilson says the device delivers an experience previously only possible in science fiction.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "In the control sense, we enable science fiction-like user interfaces like Tony Stark\'s Ironman and Jarvis; just at a glance user interface respond and updates information, targets an enemy, hits another button and they\'re blown up. It\'s pretty cool in that sense. In a more technical side of things, we enable what is known as foviated rendering; where you focus the processing power exactly what the user is looking at. By doing this, we drastically reduce the computing power required to deliver a believable scene."', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The Tokyo-based start-up was founded by Wilson alongside CEO Yuka Kojima. And while they clearly have the games industry in their sights, the makers of FOVE say their device could also bring virtual reality to cinema, allowing viewers to interact inside the headset with objects and characters.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Wilson said the technology also presents an opportunity to re-imagine various tasks and social interactions in areas like medicine and education.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "We always thoughts that our technology would have application well outside of gaming. I mean, it\'s suitable for education, training, research, psychology, neuroscience; there\'s a lot of fields that can benefit from having this kind of technology," he said.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 To demonstrate the versatility of their device, an early proof-of-concept prototype was developed alongside the University of Tsukuba's Special Needs Education School for the Physically Challenged in Japan. Together they created the 'Universal Piano' where the user's eye movements trigger a note on a piano. The standard piano keyboard was rearranged for an interface that can be played by sight; with an accurate and rich musical performance possible through combined application of the mono-tone mode and chord mode.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Wilson says the technology delivers a freedom of expression and creativity for people with certain disabilities; and could even provide a level of communication that was previously impossible.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 "There\'s a lot of people who could benefit from this technology; people who, for example, have limited freedom with their hands and cannot use computers very well. This can completely change that by giving them a private space that they can completely control themselves. And it might be use, like we\'ve done it for playing musical instruments, also accessibility robots that are completely controlled by the users\' eyes. So for profoundly disabled people suffering from advanced stages of ALS, for example, they can be given a window to see their family that they can manipulate, activate gestures and even type to speak using their eyes."', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Wilson said the expected price point for a FOVE headset would be about $400 USD. The company is now launching a crowd-funding campaign on the Kickstarter platform to raise $250,000 to perfect the product and start manufacturing its headsets.']), ([u'Berkshire, GE Invest in U.S.-Israeli Energy-Saving Software Firm'], [u'JERUSALEM \u2014  Berkshire Hathaway and General Electric have invested $22.5 million in U.S.-Israeli eVolution Networks, a provider of energy-saving software to mobile network operators.', u"EVolution said on Tuesday the money, which came from Berkshire's IES Holding and GE Ventures, would be used to expand into new markets, like data center energy management.", u'The company said its system can reduce the annual', u'energy consumption of mobile operators by up to 35 percent.', u"The software has been deployed by operators such as Spain's Telefonica.", u'(Reporting by Ari Rabinovitch)']), ([u'UN Virtual Reality Film Highlights Plight of Syrian Refugees'], [u'SEOUL, South Korea \u2014  The United Nations is using virtual reality technology to help the public experience what it is like to live in a Syrian refugee camp, showing how the latest technology can be adapted for humanitarian efforts.', u'"Clouds Over Sidra" is a short documentary film following a day in the life of a 12-year-old Syrian girl living in a refugee camp in Syria\'s neighbor Jordan.', u"Using special VR headsets, viewers feel like they are transported inside the Zaatari refugee camp that has been the 12-year-old's home for the past one and a half years. In a scene in which children stream into a makeshift school, the technology makes the viewer feel like they could reach out and interact with the smiling children who seem to be approaching to greet.", u"The Syrian conflict is in its fifth year and has triggered an exodus of nearly 4 million people. UNICEF, the U.N. children's agency, says 2 million of the refugees are children.", u'The movie was shot with technology that is also increasingly used in the game industry.', u'VR headsets are not widely available to consumers but companies such as Samsung, Sony and Facebook are trying to make their use more mainstream.', u'UN project manager Kristin Gutekunst said Tuesday the virtual reality documentary helps people identify with the plight of refugees.', u'This week, the movie was shown to education ministers from around the world on the sidelines of the World Education Forum held in Incheon, South Korea.', u'"Instead of just feeling bad for someone, you actually feel like you might be in the same situation with them," Gutekunst said. The U.N. hopes that deepening empathy through the movie will help its refugee fundraising efforts.', u'"I have also heard this is one of the hardest issues to fundraise for because people don\'t identify with the community. Our hope is to create deeper understanding so as to inspire empathy and inspiration to act," she said.', u'The U.N. plans to expand the use of the virtual reality technology to raise awareness about other global issues such as Ebola, pollution in India and the earthquakes in Nepal.']), ([u'TomTom Shares Jump After Apple Renews Digital Maps Contract'], [u"AMSTERDAM \u2014  Dutch navigation systems company TomTom NV said Apple Inc would continue to buy its digital maps, giving a vote confidence that sent the Dutch company's shares more than 7 percent higher to a near six-year high.", u"TomTom did not release details of the latest deal between the two companies, which some analysts said may be skewed in Apple's favor due to the prestige that accrues to TomTom for working with the U.S. company.", u'TomTom has licensed digital maps to Apple since 2012, when it beat Google Inc to supply the built-in mapping apps in Apple products, starting with the iPhone 6.', u'The renewal of the contract comes as Nokia reviews strategic options for its digital mapmaking arm HERE, the largest seller of mapping technology to carmakers.', u'Although analysts see Uber or a group of German carmakers as the most likely buyer of HERE, along with private equity firms,  Apple had also been considered a candidate.', u'In a client note, ING analyst Marc Zwartsenburg said: "This flags that Apple has still not found an alternative for its mapping sourcing".', u'Zwartsenburg, who rates shares a "buy", said that depending on the price HERE eventually fetches, ING could raise its one-year share price target for TomTom to as high as 13.5 euros from 11 euros at present.', u'TomTom aims to become a leading provider of technology for self-driving cars as it reinvents itself after years of slow progress, Chief Executive Harold Goddijn told Reuters this month..', u'TomTom shares were up 6.7 percent at 8.834 euros by 0726 GMT, after rising as high as 8.934 euros, their highest since late 2009. The stock is up 57 percent year-to-date, as TomTom has won several large automotive contracts and investors re-rate the value of its mapping technology.', u'(Reporting By Anthony Deutsch and Toby Sterling; Editing by David Goodman and David Holmes)']), ([u"'Grand Theft Auto' Publisher Take-Two's Profit Sails Past Street"], [u'(Reuters) - Take-Two Interactive Software Inc\'s quarterly profit handily beat market estimates, helped by strong digital sales of its video games and the continued success of the "Grand Theft Auto V" and "NBA 2K15" titles.', u'Shares of the company, which has beaten profit estimates for nine straight quarters now, rose more than 8 percent in extended trading on Monday.', u'Take-Two Interactive Software also said it was increasing its stock buyback plan to 10 million shares.', u'"Their digital business is rocking," Benchmark Co analyst Mike Hickey said. "You\'re seeing the industry move from physical sales to digital, and that trend will continue to benefit margins for the near medium term."', u"Digital sales made up 48 percent of Take-Two Interactive's sales in the fourth quarter ended March 31, up from 43 percent a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, revenue jumped 83.5 percent to $427.7 million. Adjusted net income increased to $54.3 million, or 49 cents per share, from $21.5 million, or 21 cents per share.', u'Analysts on average expected a profit of 27 cents per share and revenue of $458.9 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Physical retail sales of "Grand Theft Auto V" ranked among NPD Group\'s top five games in February and March. "NBA 2K15" ranked among the research firm\'s top 10 in those months.', u'"Grand Theft Auto V" has sold nearly 52 million units across platforms since its launch in September 2013, Take Two Interactive said.', u'The game lets users complete missions for the overall story and engage in side activities such as driving, shooting and roaming.', u'"The majority of our revenue in the first quarter is expected to come from \'Grand Theft Auto V\', \'Grand Theft Auto V for PC\' and \'Grand Theft Auto Online\'," Chief Executive Strauss Zelnick said in an interview.', u'Take-Two said it expects adjusted revenue of $325 million-$350 million and an adjusted profit of 25-35 cents per share for the first quarter.', u'The company also forecast adjusted revenue of $1.30 billion-$1.40 billion and adjusted profit of 75 cents-$1 per share for the full year.', u'Zelnick said the company had a better release schedule a year earlier.', u'Take-Two shares have risen more than 40 percent since the launch of "Grand Theft Auto V".', u'(Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u"Hitches With F-35 Logistics Won't Delay Summer Launch: Lockheed Executive"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Lockheed Martin Corp said on Monday it is working to resolve "relatively minor" issues with a portable version of the ', u"'s automated logistics system, but the problems should not impede a Marine Corp milestone this summer.", u"Jeff Streznetcky, the Lockheed executive in charge of the logistics system known as ALIS, told Reuters the company was working with the Pentagon's F-35 program office to fix the software that runs the new version of ALIS. He said the system remained on track to be deployed in late June or early July.", u'"I\'m not expecting any showstoppers that would cause me any alarm," Streznetcky said in a telephone interview. He stressed the system would not be deployed until it was ready to meet the Marine Corps\' operating requirements.', u'ALIS enables daily operations of the F-35 fleet, including mission planning, scheduling for flights, repairs and routine maintenance, and tracking and ordering of parts.', u"Lockheed is scrambling to complete a smaller, lighter version of the F-35's complex Autonomic Logistics Information System (ALIS), ahead of July, when the Marine Corps plans to declare an initial squadron of 10 F-35s ready for combat use.", u"Joe DellaVedova, spokesman for the Pentagon's F-35 office, confirmed that some issues were detected during testing of the latest ALIS software, but said the needed fixes should be completed in time to avoid holding up the Marine Corps' plans.", u'Neither the F-35 program office or Lockheed gave any  details about specific problems detected with the latest ALIS software, version 2.0.1, which has been tested since late April.', u'ALIS will serve as the management "backbone" for a global fleet of over 3,000 F-35s to be operated by three U.S. military services and other countries. The Pentagon expects to pay $391 billion to develop the jets and buy 2,457 jets in coming decades. ALIS is so big and costly it constitutes a major arms program on its own.', u'Air Force acquisition chief William LaPlante last week said ALIS was "continuing to improve" after early problems, including slow response times. He said officials were working to speed up downloads of data from the jets and iron out problems with the system\'s ability to load detailed mission data files.', u'Six U.S. Marine F-35 B-model jets, which can take off from shorter runways and land like a helicopter, are slated to begin operational testing on the USS Wasp on Monday.', u'The larger, earlier version of ALIS was installed on the ship ahead of the test and used to maintain the jets participating in the tests, Streznetcky said. He forecast a "seamless transition" once the jets arrived on board from Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort in South Carolina.', u'ALIS systems are in now use at nine air bases and a final assembly plant in Italy, Streznetcky said.', u'(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Andrew Hay)']), ([u'AT&T Working on Exclusive Content for Connected Cars'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  AT&T Inc is gearing up to bring connected car users exclusive content such as videos and games that can be streamed onto personal mobile devices later this year, AT&T's senior vice president of emerging devices Chris Penrose said.", u'"It\'s no different than being able to hook onto a Wi-Fi hotspot anywhere and get access to content you already subscribe to and get unique content that you could only get in the back of the vehicle," Penrose said.', u'AT&T has signed up eight automaker partners, including General Motors Co, Audi AG and Ford Motor Co, to hook up cars with Internet access. The goal is to offer free or paid content exclusively for connected car users and sell more data, Penrose said in a recent interview.', u'AT&T is talking to its auto industry partners and content companies to bring new content like "special" shows or gaming levels on phones and tablets in connected cars, Penrose said. This would be in addition to subscription services such as Hulu and Netflix that users can already stream on mobile devices.', u'Most Americans already own a mobile phone, and the $1.7 trillion U.S. wireless industry is turning to connected cars and devices for growth. Besides being the essential pipes that deliver data, telecom players such as AT&T are looking to extract revenue from content.', u'GM has begun testing new content on its OnStar in-vehicle service best known for connecting drivers to live operators for directions or emergency help.', u"The subscription-based service, which also sells data to drivers, has special offers and some exclusive content on apps such as Famigo, an educational app for kids, and TumblebooksTV, a children's digital books app. It also has retail partnerships with Dunkin' Donuts and travel booking site Priceline.com for location-based deals.", u'AT&T is exploring business models that include revenue share for data, content and advertising with automakers, content and retail partners, Penrose said without sharing specific details.', u'AT&T is working with automakers to design a landing page or a portal for users to log in to access content, get vehicle service updates and buy data, he said.', u'"A lot of (content and offers) can be targeted to the make and models of the vehicles. (AT&T\'s auto partners) have got a lot demographic information knowing who\'s buying what type of vehicle, which type of content that is going to be most relevant."', u'(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'Court Agrees Samsung Copied Apple, but Tosses Some Damages'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A federal appeals court has upheld a jury's finding that Samsung illegally copied some patented features in Apple's ", u', but it sided with Samsung on one point that could reduce the $930 million in damages the South Korean company had been ordered to pay.', u'The ruling, coming three years after an epic courtroom battle between two tech industry giants, could mean yet another trial over a portion of damages representing more than a third of the total award. Legal experts, however, say the rivals may be more inclined to negotiate a settlement this time around.', u'"When this case was first filed, it was a big deal. But I don\'t think the litigation has served all the purposes that Apple and Samsung originally desired," said Michael Carrier, a Rutgers law professor who has followed the dispute closely.', u'In its decision Monday, the U.S. Federal Circuit Court of Appeals upheld most of the findings made by a California federal jury in 2012. The jury concluded that several models of Samsung smartphones and tablets had illegally copied the iPhone and infringed on some of Apple\'s patents for technology and design \u2014 including touch-screen controls that let users "pinch" or "double-tap" to shrink or enlarge an image. Although it upheld the patent claims, the Washington, D.C.-based appeals court said Apple wasn\'t entitled to damages for its claims that Samsung had copied the iPhone\'s "trade dress" or overall appearance.', u'The long-running case was one of several lawsuits in which Apple, Samsung and other tech companies locked horns in a global battle for pre-eminence in the smartphone market. Today the smartphone business is still booming, but the battles have largely shifted away from the legal arena.', u"While Apple won large monetary awards by arguing that Samsung copied some of its products, it had less success in persuading courts to issue injunctions that would have kept Samsung's versions off the market. But since then, the California company's latest iPhone models have been phenomenally popular \u2014 and profitable \u2014 while Samsung has lost ground in key markets to competitors ranging from Apple to China's Xiaomi.", u'Samsung and Apple agreed last year to settle all patent disputes still pending outside the United States. Some experts believe the companies were awaiting the outcome of appeals in two U.S. cases before settling here.', u'Monday\'s ruling orders a trial court in San Jose, California, to reconsider about $382 million in damages that jurors previously awarded for the "trade dress" claims, which involved six models of Samsung phones. Santa Clara University law professor Brian Love said Apple could still argue it\'s entitled to those damages, however, since the same models were also found to have infringed on patents.', u'The same case has already seen one retrial: After a judge cut $450 million from an original damage award of more than $1 billion, a second jury restored the total to about $930 million.', u'Apple declared vindication again on Monday.', u'"This is a victory for design and those who respect it," the company said in a statement.', u'Samsung representatives did not immediately respond to a request for comment.']), ([u'Appeals Court Upholds Apple\u2019s Patent Victory Over Samsung'], [u'An appeals court on Monday upheld the bulk of ', u'\u2019s patent victory against Samsung Electronics in 2012, but overturned part of the decision and said that a lower court should reduce the total amount that Samsung would have to pay.', u'The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, which deals with patent lawsuit appeals, said that the overall aesthetic of the iPhone \u2014 a rectangular product with rounded corners, black borders and a flat, clear surface \u2014 could not be protected and part of the damages would have to be recalculated.', u' had accused Samsung of diluting its brand by copying the overall look of its iPhones. But the court said Apple failed to prove that the iPhone aesthetic was not \u201cfunctional.\u201d In other words, giving Apple protection for the overall look and shape of a smartphone would essentially grant it a perpetual monopoly over making smartphones work better, and the three-judge panel decided not to go in that direction.', u'\u201cWe therefore vacate the jury\u2019s damages awards against the Samsung products that were found liable for trade dress dilution and remand for further proceedings consistent with this opinion,\u201d the appeals court wrote in ', u'.', u'Josh Rosenstock, an Apple spokesman, lauded the decision as having \u201cconfirmed Samsung blatantly copied Apple products.\u201d', u'\u201cThis is a victory for design and those who respect it,\u201d he said.', u'Samsung said in an email statement, \u201cToday\u2019s decision shows that Apple\u2019s claims over trade dress and damages lack merit and are grossly exaggerated.\u201d', u'In 2012, a jury unanimously decided that Samsung had violated a series of Apple patents and needed to pay more than $1 billion in damages, an amount that was recalculated to $930 million by another jury in a separate trial in 2013. The ', u', pitting two of the world\u2019s top smartphone makers against each other.', u'The two companies have gone on to duel in other legal entanglements, before calling something of a truce. Last year, ', u', a federal jury found that Apple and Samsung had infringed on each other\u2019s patents in some mobile devices and awarded most of the damages to Apple. In August, however, the companies said they ', u' outside the United States.', u'Separately on Monday, Carl C. Icahn, the activist investor, published an open letter to Apple. In the ', u', he said Apple\u2019s shares were still \u201cdramatically undervalued,\u201d and urged Timothy D. Cook, the chief executive, to buy back more of Apple\u2019s stock because the company was sitting on too much cash.']), ([u'U.S. Regulators Turn Up Heat on Fiat Chrysler Recalls'], [u'(Reuters) - The Obama administration on Monday escalated a running regulatory battle with Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV, saying it could impose "multiple penalties" on the automaker and order a public hearing to examine FCA\'s handling of 20 recalls affecting more than 10 million vehicles.', u'The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said Fiat Chrysler could face up to $700 million in fines and be required to buy back or replace vehicles if regulators find evidence that it failed in its legal recall obligations.', u"A public hearing would be the broadest the agency has held to date and follows what NHTSA Administrator Mark Rosekind described as frustrated attempts by the agency to get Fiat Chrysler's U.S. unit, FCA US LLC, to move more aggressively to correct defects linked to fires, loss of control, unintended air bag deployments and fuel leaks.", u'"We need to determine if there\'s a pattern here that presents a significant safety hazard," he said.', u"FCA's U.S. arm said in a statement that it would cooperate fully with NHTSA. But the automaker said its average recall completion rate exceeds the industry average and that all recall campaigns are conducted in consultation with NHTSA.", u"The FCA recalls earmarked for scrutiny involve a range of Chrysler models that date back to 1993, including Jeep Grand Cherokee sport utility vehicles, Dodge Ram pickups, and Chrysler Town and Country minivans. Various versions of the Grand Cherokee, one of Fiat Chrysler's most popular and profitable models, are included in eight of the 20 recalls.", u'One of the campaigns cited by NHTSA was the 2013 recall of nearly 1.6 million Jeep vehicles equipped with fuel tanks that could rupture and cause a fire. Chrysler last month told the agency that it had repaired about 21 percent of those vehicles.', u'In comparison, General Motors Co reported a completion rate of about 11 percent on more than 5 million cars recalled last year for faulty ignition switches, while Honda Motor Co had a completion rate of about 15 percent on more than 5 million cars recalled last year because air bag inflators could rupture, according to documents filed with NHTSA.', u'Rosekind on Monday declined to say whether NHTSA would reopen an investigation into the fuel tanks of 1999 to 2004 Jeep Grand Cherokees. A 1999 model was cited in a $150 million court verdict against the automaker in the death of a four-year-old boy in a fiery crash. Fiat Chrysler has asked for a new trial.', u'Those vehicles were part of an earlier NHTSA investigation of more than 5 million Jeeps that resulted in a narrower 2013 recall.', u"Rosekind said NHTSA asked Fiat Chrysler last November to move more aggressively to install more trailer hitches on the recalled Jeeps but expressed disappointment at the automaker's repair rates.", u'FCA said it fixed 133,791 of those Jeeps in the first quarter and 126,075 in the previous quarter, bringing the completion rate to 21 percent, or 320,665 vehicles.', u'FCA told the NHTSA last month that another 536,951 Jeeps in that recall could not be repaired because they were no longer registered or their owners could not be reached.', u'(Reporting by David Morgan in Washington and Paul Lienert in Detroit; Editing by Andrew Hay and Steve Orlofsky)']), ([u'Flightradar24 Finds Not Just Planespotters Flocking to Its Website'], [u'BERLIN/FRANKFURT \u2014  Within 40 minutes of Germanwings flight 4U9525 crashing in the Alps in March French accident investigators from the BEA authority were on the phone to plane tracking website Flightradar24.', u'"BEA called us and we of course passed the information over to them right away," the website operator\'s chief executive Fredrik Lindahl said.', u"The data showed the Lufthansa-owned jet making a steady descent and not veering off course, leading to early speculation among experts of pilot suicide as a possible cause, a theory confirmed over the next days and weeks by readings from the plane's voice and cockpit data recorders.", u'"It doesn\'t make any difference to investigation by the authorities but because the media have access to Flightradar24 detail it puts pressure on them to confirm or deny what Flightradar24 shows at a time when they are very busy trying to validate what they think they know," said David Learmount, a British aviation industry journalist and veteran commentator on airline safety issues.', u"Flightradar24's website and apps show live data on air traffic around the world received mainly via its network of over 7,000 receivers that pick up positional information from a plane's ADS-B transponders.", u'The receivers are largely operated by volunteers, who in exchange receive a premium subscription, and the company said it sends out for free around 50 receivers a week, each costing around 500 euros ($570) to manufacture and post.', u'"We\'re very lucky that people find this all so fascinating," Lindahl told Reuters.', u'From a two-man start-up in Sweden, Flightradar24 has now overtaken other flight tracking services such as FlightAware and Flightstats in terms of popularity and says airlines and airports are also turning to using its services.', u'For example both Dublin Airport and European budget carrier easyJet have signed up with Flightradar24 to provide tracking information services for their flights.', u"Flightradar24 also sells data to two of the world's largest 10 airlines and Lindahl expects more will follow, though with a full-time staff of just 20, he said it is tough to meet demands for customized services.", u'SIDE PROJECT', u'The idea of a site to track planes started as an afterthought, when back in 2006 Swedes Mikael Robertsson and Olov Lindberg were looking for a new way to boost traffic to their travel price comparison website.', u'As aviation fans, they hit on the idea of installing ADS-B receivers on the roofs of their homes to track planes over Stockholm. Tracking planes quickly proved far more popular than comparing prices and so they decided to focus on Flightradar24.', u'The service was not entirely new, with U.S.-based FlightAware which started in 2005 saying it was the first to offer free flight tracking services.', u"But Lindahl said Flightradar24, which has over 1 million regular users a day, now has by far the world's largest network of receivers and search data shows it gets twice as many searches on Google as FlightAware.", u'In order to boost coverage further, Flightradar24 has sent out over 100 receivers to Africa alone this year and is also in talks to put receivers on buoys at sea, although Lindahl expects this to take some time.', u'"It\'s about building up our network of receivers and that\'s where we\'re putting our focus," he said.', u'And funding does not appear to be a problem. Lindahl says Flightradar24 made an operating profit in its last financial year of 20 million Swedish crowns ($2.4 million) on revenue of 43 million and has caught the eye of venture capital investors.', u'But he is not interested at present.', u'"There may come a situation when we need the funding, who knows, but it seems unlikely at this time," Lindahl said.', u'($1 = 8.2974 Swedish crowns)', u'($1 = 0.8814 euros)', u'(Editing by Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Kijiji, a Flop in the U.S., Rules Online Classifieds in Canada'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  If Kijiji is remembered at all in the United States, it is probably as one of ', u'\u2019s unsuccessful attempts to challenge ', u' in online classified ads. But in ', u', Kijiji is now practically synonymous with classifieds.', u'More than 12 million people visit ', u'in Canada every month, three times the amount drawn to ', u' in the country. The service is used by 42 percent of Canadians, according to comScore, making it one of country\u2019s 10 most popular sites. It has also eclipsed other companies\u2019 online businesses, including Cox Automotive\u2019s once dominant used-car site, AutoTrader.', u'That success is a striking counterexample to the globalization of the web, in which services like Facebook and Google offer a single product worldwide. It also represents one of the few online brands that fizzled in the United States but found success elsewhere, as the social media pioneer Friendster has in the Philippines and Malaysia.', u'How Kijiji achieved those feats is partly a story of good timing, arriving in Canada before Craigslist really took off in this country. The success is also the result of the company\u2019s tailoring itself to the subtle distinctions of the market, catering in particular to the tendency of Canadians toward thriftiness.', u'\u201cCanadians are traditionally penny pinchers, which manifests itself in consumer buying differences,\u201d said ', u', consulting director of buyer behavior research at the market analysis firm IDC Canada. \u201cKijiji has no fees for anything outside of a few specific big-ticket categories, which appeals to the penny pinchers in us.\u201d', u'These days, Kijiji has 6.7 million listings on the site. The operation has expanded to the point that its offices sprawl through two 19th-century former factories in downtown Toronto. While ', u' does not separately disclose Kijiji\u2019s financial results or the results for eBay Canada, the classifieds site is eBay\u2019s largest operation in Canada. Variations of Kijiji now run in 32 other countries. And eBay Classifieds succeeded Kijiji in the United States.', u'But Kijiji\u2019s success in Canada was far from certain \u2014 and it arose less from any master plan by eBay than from the desire by an eBay official, Janet Bannister, and her husband to move back to their native Canada in 2004.', u'Four years earlier, Ms. Bannister joined eBay in California and became director of category development, working to expand the online auction site beyond its original niche of collectible trinkets. When she returned to Canada, as director of product, she was put in charge of the features in the Canadian version of eBay.', u'She soon found that the operation had a significant problem.', u'\u201cEBay Canada was doing a very good job of getting people in Canada to the website, but we were doing a terrible job actually getting them to transact on the website,\u201d said Ms. Bannister, who is now a general partner at Real Ventures, a seed capital investment fund. \u201cWe did some things on the website to try to address it, but it didn\u2019t really close the gap.\u201d', u'A fundamental problem for eBay in Canada, Mr. Shiau said, is that Canadians generally do not like auction-based pricing. On top of that, Ms. Bannister found that because Canada\u2019s vast geography and low population density make shipping costs high and delivery times long, buyers of secondhand goods preferred to make deals in person.', u'To Ms. Bannister, the answer for eBay seemed to be online classified ads. At the head office, however, the idea did not appear to be quite so obvious. At the time, about 10 percent of Canadians used Craigslist, a level many eBay executives thought meant that it was fully entrenched. Nevertheless, they gave Ms. Bannister some classifieds site software being developed for Europe along with a small amount of money to adapt the site and market the result.', u'The only thing the head office of eBay in California imposed was the name, Kijiji \u2014 pronounced Ka-jee-jee \u2014 which is Swahili for village. Ms. Bannister was horrified.', u'\u201cI was in a conference room and I wrote it down,\u201d Ms. Bannister said of taking the call from the head office about the name. \u201cI couldn\u2019t even read it with all the i\u2019s and the j\u2019s. I said, \u2018I don\u2019t care what it means. You\u2019ve got to have a name people can pronounce and people can spell.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'There was no budging from headquarters on the name, though, so Ms. Bannister moved forward. At first, she avoided challenging Craigslist directly. Research showed that Craigslist was used in Canada mainly by young men looking for accommodations or to place personal ads, so Kijiji turned to young families and their quickly changing needs. Kijiji also was introduced in Montreal and Quebec City, largely French-speaking communities where Craigslist was then available only in English.', u'Listings swiftly grew. Making money, however, was a more gradual process. Among other things, the site did not even introduce banner advertising until it had become fully established.', u'Today, Kijiji has three revenue sources. In addition to banner ads, the site sells more prominent positions within results and more elaborate displays for ads like photo galleries.', u'Also, car dealers and housing rental companies pay subscription fees for their listings. Despite those fees, the autos section is hugely popular, with 4.6 million vehicles listed last year, said Scott Neil, managing director of Kijiji in Canada.', u'This month, Kijiji attracted about 160 car dealers to an annual sales conference in Toronto. And in one measure of Kijiji\u2019s success, Postmedia Network, the dominant newspaper publisher in most large Canadian cities, now uses the service to provide the used-car listings on its automotive websites.', u'The growth, though, has come with criticism. The site\u2019s pet listings led to protests from animal rights groups that it had become a haven for puppy mills, which led to policy changes. And there are the somewhat predictable schemes. This year, ', u' and charged with fraud for reportedly using Kijiji to rent and collect deposits on a summer cottage he did not own.', u'Mr. Neil said that the company had about 60 employees who searched listings for fraud and that it also used software to flag questionable listings or those prohibited on the site either by laws or company policies.', u'Although Kijiji is now used by almost half of all Canadians, eBay continues to advertise it heavily, placing ads on buses and on television during the current hockey playoffs. While he declined to offer specifics, Mr. Neil said the company was working on new ways to expand its already outsize presence.', u'Johnna Hoff, a spokeswoman for eBay, said the classifieds site fit into the company\u2019s broader mission of connecting people in their communities.', u'\u201cCanada is a bright spot,\u201d she said, \u201cwhere customers have helped us build a fun, easy, safe place to buy, sell, trade, search and more through Kijiji.\u201d', u'As use of the site becomes more widespread, it could risk losing the sense of community built during its early days. But Mr. Neil said there was just something innately Canadian about the service.', u'\u201cI was a user of Kijiji before I came here,\u201d Mr. Neil said. \u201cThe one thing that surprised me was really how much people loved the site. Maybe I sound like I\u2019m overemphasizing that, but I couldn\u2019t believe how much it really resonated with Canadians.\u201d']), ([u'No Sign Hackers Got Info in Attack on German Parliament System-Spokeswoman'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  The German Bundestag lower house of parliament is trying to repair its computer system after a hacking attack but there are no indications yet that hackers accessed information, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Saturday.', u'The Bundestag is analysing what happened and experts from the Bundestag administration and the BSI (the German Federal Office for Information Security) are working to repair the system, the spokeswoman said.', u"On Friday a German media report said that unknown hackers had been attempting to access the Bundestag's internal data network for several days.", u'(Reporting by Thorsten Severin; Writing by Michelle Martin; Editing by Dominic Evans)']), ([u'Samsung Heir Apparent Takes Succession Step'], [u'SEOUL, South Korea \u2014 ', u'\u2019s heir apparent, Jay Y. Lee, will take over from his father, Lee Kun-hee, as the head of two key foundations, the company said on Friday, suggesting that a transfer of leadership is underway at Samsung, South Korea\u2019s largest corporation.', u'Jay Y. Lee, 46, will succeed his 73-year-old father, who has been hospitalized since suffering a heart attack more than a year ago, as chairman of Samsung Life Public Welfare Foundation and Samsung Foundation of Culture from May 31, said a Samsung Group spokeswoman, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, citing company policy.', u'The foundations hold stakes in Samsung Life Insurance, an important piece in Samsung\u2019s vast and complicated ownership structure that enables the Lee family to control the group despite their relatively small stakeholding. The foundation appointments are the first time the younger Mr. Lee has formally assumed leadership roles from his father,  chairman of Samsung Electronics.', u'\u201cA key point in the succession process is controlling the foundations, because they hold stakes in key Samsung Group companies,\u201d said Park Ju-gun, head of CEO Score, a research firm that monitors Korean corporations. \u201cI think it\u2019s safe to say that the succession process is near a final stage.\u201d', u'Samsung Group has undertaken a series of moves over the past year that investors and analysts see as preparing the way for a stable handover from the elder Lee to his three children.', u'There has been no official confirmation of any succession planning from the company itself, however, and the Samsung spokeswoman on Friday declined to comment on when or whether Jay Y. Lee would take over as chairman.', u'In one recent maneuver, the listings of Cheil Industries and Samsung SDS gave Mr. Lee and his two sisters financial flexibility to deal with what could be a more than $6 billion inheritance tax when their father passes away.', u'Some investors and analysts say they spotted Mr. Lee\u2019s newfound power in a spike in acquisitions by Samsung Electronics, as well as a decision to sell the company\u2019s noncore chemical and defense units late last year.', u'The Samsung Group spokeswoman said the elder Mr. Lee remained in stable condition.']), ([u"Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports"], [u"HONG KONG \u2014  Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on\xa0Thursday.", u"Taobao has been fined T$240,000 ($7,860) and must withdraw or transfer its holdings from its operation in Taiwan, China's Xinhua news agency and Taiwan's Economic Daily News quoted the island's investment commission as saying. Taobao and the commission could not immediately be reached for comment.", u'The commission falls under the Ministry of Economic Affairs and has authority to regulate Chinese investments in Taiwan.', u"In March, Alibaba's B2B platform Alibaba.com was ordered to leave the island within six months and fined T$120,000 for a similar reason.", u'The\xa0Economic Daily News cited ministry official Emile Chang for its report.', u'Chinese investments in Taiwan are regulated strictly because Taiwan considers mainland China a political rival, even though trade and economic ties have expanded markedly since the late 2000s.', u'China deems Taiwan a renegade province and has not ruled out using force to take it back, particularly if the island makes a move toward formal independence.', u'(Story corrects fourth paragraph to clarify Alibaba.com was ordered to leave Taiwan, not Alibaba Group)', u'(Reporting by Meg Shen and Twinnie Siu in Hong Kong; Editing by Kevin Liffey)']), ([u'Google to Test Bubble-Shaped Self-Driving Cars in Silicon Valley'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The world is one step closer to the day when people can, in good conscience, drive to work while sipping coffee, texting with a friend and working on a laptop computer.', u'On Friday, ', u' that sometime this summer several prototype versions of its self-driving cars are set to hit the streets of Mountain View, Calif., the search giant\u2019s hometown. The move is still just another round of testing but it is a significant step toward a pilot program in which regular consumers could ride in self-driving cars.', u' has long been testing its self-driving car technology with a fleet of Lexus sport utility vehicles that have driven about a million miles on public roads, and that continue to put in 10,000 miles each week.', u'Traditional automakers are also pushing the envelope of driverless tech with on-the-road testing of their own autonomous prototypes, and the industry predicts that by 2020 those dreams could come true.', u'Getting there is now much more about software than hardware. The systems of radar, lasers and cameras currently used by Google and automakers have grown so sophisticated that the vehicles can easily monitor the road in all directions \u2014 even beyond what the eye can see. The tough part is figuring out what to do with all that information.', u'In essence, the cars need an electronic brain that knows how to drive in a world where human drivers, as well as pedestrians and bicyclists, often do unpredictable things.', u'They also need to understand regional differences. Drivers in Boston, for instance, often behave differently than those in Atlanta or Los Angeles, where unspoken rules of the road and cultural cues can vary.', u'City environments are particularly challenging, and require software with much more flexibility and power. That\u2019s one of the reasons Google (and its rival, Apple) hope their software acumen can help them solve the puzzle. And now that Google will be testing its new bubble-shaped cars on public roads near its Mountain View headquarters, it\u2019s getting one step closer to honing its predictive technology for urban settings.', u'Unlike the fleet of self-driving Lexuses that are already on the road, Google\u2019s prototype, which ', u', is designed to be a fully autonomous car in which people get in, set their destination and relax as the car does the work. The prototypes cannot go faster than 25 miles per hour and, for now, have a steering wheel and pedals so that a \u201csafety driver\u201d could take over.', u'The steering wheel is a legal requirement, but Google\u2019s plan is to take the driver out of driving completely.', u'Earlier this year, during a presentation at the ', u' festival in Austin, Astro Teller, head of the Google X research division that created the self-driving car, said that in autumn 2012 the company started allowing Google employees to take the Lexus version home and self-drive on the freeway, so long as they kept paying attention in the event of an emergency.', u'Despite this, the employees got used to self-driving and stopped paying attention.', u'\u201cThe assumption that humans can be a reliable backup for the system was a total fallacy,\u201d Mr. Teller said ', u'. \u201cOnce people trust the system, they trust it.\u201d Google realized the best thing to do \u201cwas to make a car that has no steering wheel, that has no brake pedal, that has no acceleration pedal \u2014 that drives itself all the time, from point A to point B, at the push of a button.\u201d', u'Of course, nothing is accident-proof. Earlier this week, Chris Urmson, director of Google\u2019s Self-Driving Car Project, disclosed that ', u'\u201d in which there was only light damage and no injuries, and that \u201cnot once was the self-driving car the cause of the accident.\u201d', u'This included seven rear-end collisions, a couple of wrecks in which cars were sideswiped and one crash in which the self-driving car was hit by a driver who rolled through a stop sign.', u'The challenge of city driving is one reason driverless technology has first arrived on highways. In the coming months, Tesla Motors has promised to introduce an \u201cautopilot\u201d feature that can take over highway driving in certain conditions. Next year, other automakers will do the same, such as General Motors\u2019 \u201cSuper Cruise,\u201d which will allow hands-off-the-wheel, foot-off-the-pedals highway driving.', u'Parking is another area that is poised for an overhaul. Companies like Ford already offer cars that pull into parking spaces automatically. The French supplier Valeo, which works with multiple automakers, is now working on technology aimed at parking garages where you can pull up to a garage and get out, leaving your car to find an available space and park itself.', u'When you\u2019re ready to leave, the car acts like a robotic valet as it unparks and meets you out front.']), ([u'Carl Icahn Invests $100 Million in Lyft'], [u'For years, Travis Kalanick, chief executive of Uber, has been the loudest public voice on how ride-hailing start-ups will upend the transportation industry.', u'Now comes ', u'.', u'Mr. Icahn, one of Wall Street\u2019s most outspoken activist investors and ', u', announced on Friday that he had invested $100 million in Lyft, the fast-growing ride-booking start-up and single largest competitor to Uber in the United States.', u'Along with an additional $50 million from other investors that Lyft did not disclose, the new investment is an ', u' that the start-up raised in March, which values the company at $2.5 billion.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s room for two in this area,\u201d Mr. Icahn said in a phone interview on Friday. \u201cWhat I\u2019m saying is there is a secular change going on with the way people are getting around, and with urbanization, it means more people living in urban areas.\u201d', u'John Zimmer, Lyft\u2019s president and co-founder, said the company planned to use the capital to continue growing in the United States, while honing the company\u2019s smartphone app. The company, which is based in San Francisco, has previously hinted at international expansion, though Lyft has not announced any plans to move abroad.', u'Lyft and Uber have been raising money at a breakneck pace. To date, Uber has raised more than $5 billion, and is currently in discussions to ', u', a person with knowledge of the talks has said, potentially valuing the company at $50 billion \u2014 20 times that of Lyft\u2019s current valuation.', u'More surprising is Mr. Icahn\u2019s involvement, which underscores how institutional investors like hedge funds and ', u' are all looking to invest in privately held tech companies. Mr. Icahn rarely invests in closely held start-ups and will be a strange bedfellow to some of his Lyft co-investors, particularly Marc Andreessen, the co-founder of the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz. Mr. Andreessen once called Mr. Icahn an \u201cevil Captain Kirk,\u201d a reference to the \u201cStar Trek\u201d character.', u'The two seem to have set aside their differences. Speaking about his spat with Mr. Andreessen, Mr. Icahn said, \u201cI never said he wasn\u2019t a smart guy.\u201d', u'\u201cTo hold a grudge on Wall Street you have to be a fool,\u201d he added.', u'With the Lyft investment, Mr. Icahn has negotiated a board seat for Jonathan Christodoro, a managing director of Mr. Icahn\u2019s hedge fund, Icahn Enterprises. Mr. Christodoro will join Scott Weiss, a partner at Andreessen Horowitz, who also sits on Lyft\u2019s board.', u'The $100 million investment came about through a connection between Mr. Christodoro and Mr. Zimmer of Lyft, who both did their undergraduate studies at Cornell University. Lyft then called to pitch Mr. Icahn.', u'\u201cThey reached out to us and I found the opportunity very compelling,\u201d Mr. Icahn said in the interview.', u'Mr. Icahn has long invested in public tech companies, often having contentious relationships with his portfolio companies. Once labeled a corporate raider for his abrasive style, Mr. Icahn typically buys up stakes in public companies and then rattles the board for change, pushing for bigger windfalls for investors and often getting his way. He has hounded Apple to buy back more shares and make use of its cash hoard. In April, after Apple agreed to buy back $30 billion of stock under pressure from Mr. Icahn, his response was that the company could do \u201ca lot more, sooner.\u201d', u'Last year, ', u' of the electronic payments business PayPal from its parent, eBay, spurring a vitriolic ', u' with the company. EBay later decided to split PayPal and its marketplace unit into two different companies. In 2012 and 2013, Mr. Icahn called Netflix shares undervalued and pushed for a sale.', u'He has also faced off against Edward J. Zander, the former chief executive of Motorola, pushing him to find ways to give more back to shareholders. And Mr. Icahn engaged in a grueling battle with Michael S. Dell to prevent Mr. Dell from taking his computer company private at what was deemed too low a price.', u'As much an entertainer as a serious investor, Mr. Icahn is well versed in using the media \u2014 and more recently, social media \u2014 to help prevail in his battles. He was among the first hedge fund managers to use Twitter to make his voice heard.', u'\u201cTwitter is great,\u201d Mr. Icahn announced in his first message on Twitter. \u201cI like it almost as much as I like Dell.\u201d']), ([u'California Man Sues Uber Claiming It Stole Ride-Sharing Idea'], [u'(Reuters) - A California man has sued Uber Technologies Inc and its Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, claiming they stole his idea for a cellphone-based car hailing service.', u'Kevin Halpern sued Uber, Kalanick and several early investors in the company in San Francisco Superior Court on Thursday, accusing them of misappropriation of trade secrets and breach of contract. The complaint claims he suffered damages in excess of $1 billion.', u'Uber, the San Francisco-based ride sharing company that was valued at $40 billion in its last funding round, called the claims "completely baseless" and vowed to fight them.', u'Halpern founded a company called Celluride Wireless in 2003, six years before Uber was created.', u'In a video on YouTube, Halpern said, "Kalanick created an exact replica of Celluride and called it Uber."', u'Halpern, who grew up in New York, said in the video he understood the difficulty in getting taxis and wanted to create a way to bring drivers and passengers together using cellphones and GPS technology.', u'According to the complaint, he registered the Celluride website in 2003 and developed a mobile phone prototype in 2006. It was then, the complaint said, that he encountered Kalanick at an office Kalanick was renting from his friend in San Francisco.', u"Halpern said in the complaint that with Kalanick's promises to keep the information confidential, he shared his concept, designs and prototype.", u'Halpern\'s attorney, Christopher Dolan, who has handled other civil cases against Uber, said at a press conference on Thursday that "as the creator of the ride-sharing industry concept, (Halpern) feels he has been left out of the company by the people he worked with."', u'Halpern is also suing Uber investors Bill Trenchard of First Round Capital, Bill Gurley of Benchmark Capital and Scott Belsky.', u'In 2009, Halpern sued Anu Shukla, the founder of Offerpal Media, which is now known as Tapjoy, for allegedly violating an agreement and cutting him out of that company. The case was thrown out by a California state judge after Halpern disobeyed discovery orders.', u'Dolan could not be immediately reached on Friday.', u'The case is Kevin Halpern & Celluride Wireless Inc v. Uber Technologies Inc et al, No. 15-545825, in the Superior Court for the City and County of San Francisco.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Chung in New York; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u"Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports"], [u"HONG KONG \u2014  Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on\xa0Thursday.", u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 Taobao has been fined T$240,000 ($7,860) and must withdraw or transfer its holdings from its operation in Taiwan, China's Xinhua news agency and Taiwan's Economic Daily News quoted the island's investment commission as saying. Taobao and the commission could not immediately be reached for comment.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 The commission falls under the Ministry of Economic Affairs and has authority to regulate Chinese investments in Taiwan.', u"\xa0\xa0\xa0 In March, Taobao's parent, the online retailer Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, was itself ordered to leave the island within six months and fined T$120,000 for a similar reason.", u'The\xa0Economic Daily News cited ministry official Emile Chang for its report.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0 Chinese investments in Taiwan are regulated strictly because Taiwan considers mainland China a political rival, even though trade and economic ties have expanded markedly since the late 2000s.', u'China deems Taiwan a renegade province and has not ruled out using force to take it back, particularly if the island makes a move toward formal independence.', u'\xa0($1 = 30.5120 Taiwan dollars)', u'(Reporting by Meg Shen and Twinnie Siu in Hong Kong; Editing by Kevin Liffey)']), ([u"Want to Know Where to Get High? There's an App for That"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Cannabis users looking for someone to share a joint with have a new app that lets them find like-minded smokers around the world.', u'The creator of the "Who is Happy" app, a Brazilian epilepsy sufferer who wants the drug decriminalized, says his software is a kind of "Foursquare for stoners", comparing it to the app that allows users to rate restaurants and other places they visit.', u'"The app is the first global platform of its kind allowing cannabis consumers to connect and unite to promote happiness while de-stigmatizing and hopefully decriminalizing cannabis use around the world," Paulo Costa said.', u'Users who anonymously log their location will see a green cloud appear on the app\'s map, covering a 1-km (half mile) radius. They can then check to see if others are partaking anywhere nearby, or elsewhere in the world. A greater number of users increases a location\'s "happiness" quotient.', u'Having been one of the top-30 downloaded apps in Brazil, the app ranks the home nation as the biggest user and therefore the happiest country.', u'Cannabis has been decriminalized for recreational and medical use in some U.S. states but is illegal in Brazil.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Cable; Editing by Robin Pomeroy)']), ([u"Google's Self-Driving Cars to Hit Roads, With Steering Wheels"], [u'DETROIT \u2014  Google Inc will begin testing self-driving cars of its own design on public roads this summer, but they will have steering wheels and brakes, which is not what the company described a year ago.', u"Engineers will operate 25 prototype vehicles, which use the same software as Google's self-driving Lexus RX450h sport utility vehicles that have been in operation for several years, the company said on Friday.", u'When the Internet search company announced a year ago that it planned to build a fleet of self-driving cars, project director Chris Urmson said the prototypes "won\'t have a steering wheel, accelerator pedal or brake pedal ... because they don\'t need them."', u'It turns out, however, that the prototypes will need those critical control devices after all because California requires that self-driving vehicles have manual controls during testing.', u'Built in Detroit by auto supplier Roush Industries, the prototypes will be equipped with removable steering wheels, brake pedals and accelerator pedals so test engineers can "take over driving if needed," Urmson said in a blog post on Friday.', u'Google describes the pod-like prototype, which seats two people, as "the world\'s first fully self-driving vehicle."', u'The company also said it would test new passenger and pedestrian protection technologies, including a foam front end and a flexible windshield. It also said the speed of the prototypes will be limited to 25 mph (40 kph) to "decrease the likelihood of severe injury" in a collision.', u'As part of the rollout of the self-driving prototypes, Google said its engineers plan to test for "rare and weird situations"  - what self-driving car proponents refer to as "edge cases," or unusual situations that occur once every 100,000 miles or so.', u'Such testing, Google said, will "help us validate that our software handles even the rarest variations on common driving scenarios."', u'On Monday, Google disclosed that its self-driving Lexus vehicles had been involved in 11 accidents on public roads near its Mountain View, California, headquarters.', u'"Not once was the self-driving car the cause of the accident," Urmson said in the blog post. No one was injured in the accidents, he added. The cars had been hit from behind seven times, mainly at traffic lights, with a majority of the accidents being on city streets rather than on freeways.', u'Google said its self-driving cars have been logging about 10,000 miles a week and have accumulated nearly 1 million miles.', u'Google shares were down 3.6 percent at $545.60 on Friday afternoon.', u'(Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb in Washington; Editing by Matthew Lewis)']), ([u"Unknown Hackers Attack German Parliament's Data Network"], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Unknown hackers have attacked the German Bundestag lower house of parliament's computer system, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Friday.", u"German news magazine Der Spiegel's online edition had earlier said that the internal data network had been subject to an attack. It said experts had noticed several days ago that unknown attackers had tried to get into the data network.", u"At almost the same time experts from Germany's domestic intelligence agency (BfV) at the government's cyber defense center noticed the spying attempt and warned the Bundestag administration, the report said.", u'"There was an attack on the Bundestag\'s IT system," parliamentary spokeswoman Eva Haacke said, giving no further details. "Experts from the Bundestag and the BSI (the German Federal Office for Information Security) are working on it."', u"In January, German government websites, including Chancellor Angela Merkel's page, were hacked in an attack claimed by a group demanding Berlin end support for the Ukrainian government, shortly before their leaders were to meet.", u'(Reporting by Hans-Edzard Busemann; Writing by Michelle Martin)']), ([u'Sharp Says Banks to Provide $1.7 Billion Bailout'], [u'TOKYO \u2014 Sharp Corporation of Japan said it had secured a $1.7 billion bailout from banks, its second major rescue in three years, after its smartphone display business came under intense pricing pressure from Asian rivals.', u'Mizuho Bank and Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ will inject a combined 200 billion yen in a debt-for-equity swap, Sharp said in a statement, a move that will buy it time but is unlikely to allay worries about the long-term viability of its display business.', u'A corporate turnaround fund, Japan Industrial Solutions, will also provide 25 billion yen in funding, the company said.', u'In return, Sharp will embark on further restructuring that will include cutting 10 percent of its global workforce, including about 3,500 jobs in Japan.', u'It reported a net loss of 222.35 billion yen ($1.9 billion) for the past financial year, its third loss in four years.']), ([u'China Wireless Carriers to Slash Contract Prices, Could Spur 4G Boom'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's three state-owned wireless carriers said on Friday they will cut mobile data prices and boost data speeds this year, potentially spurring a mass migration of customers to more lucrative 4G contracts.", u"The carriers have been under pressure to respond to Premier Li Keqiang's push to lower barriers to and expand Internet access throughout the country, with Beijing keen to make industries more efficient as the economy becomes more services-oriented.", u"By slashing prices in the world's biggest smartphone market, the carriers are set to increase the appeal of 4G beyond premium users, and encourage more subscribers to use those faster speeds to consume more data.", u'"This is really the year of mass market migration, so I think it\'s a necessary step to make that happen," said Chris Lane, a senior analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein in Hong Kong who covers Asia-Pacific telecommunications.', u'"It\'s happened in every other market, the sky hasn\'t fallen. If anything, industry profits have continued to grow, because data demand will continue to grow," he said.', u"China Mobile Ltd, the country's biggest wireless carrier by subscribers, said it would reduce mobile data prices by 35 percent or more by the end of 2015.", u'China Unicom (Hong Kong) Ltd plans a cut of 20 percent or more per megabyte of data. China Telecom Corp Ltd, the smallest of the three, said its subscriber costs for data will fall by an average 30 percent per megabyte.', u'As of the end of March, China had 1.3 billion mobile subscribers with half of those on 3G or 4G contracts. China Unicom and Telecom also said they will lower broadband prices.', u'(Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u'Toshiba Sets Up New Panel to Expand Accounting Probe'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Toshiba Corp has set up a committee headed by a former prosecutor to broaden a probe of accounting irregularities that overstated operating profits by at least $420 million in recent years.', u'The industrial conglomerate spooked investors last week, saying it was extending an investigation into inappropriate reporting of some infrastructure project costs and construction work. It said this week the irregularities may mean it has to mark down three years of profit by about 7 percent.', u'To buttress an internal probe, Toshiba on Friday appointed a panel of four outsiders, headed by Koichi Ueda, a lawyer and former head of the Tokyo High Public Prosecutors Office, as well as another lawyer and two accountants.', u'"We will offer the third-party committee\'s investigation our complete cooperation and make utmost efforts to regain trust in the company," said CEO Hisao Tanaka.', u"He apologized to shareholders for the problems, which have wiped 15 percent off the company's value in the past week, and said he would take a 50 percent cut in his compensation until the company is again able to pay a dividend.", u'The second accounting investigation in less than two years for Toshiba, whose businesses extend from laptop computers to nuclear power plants, has provided unwelcome echoes for some in the Tokyo market of previous probes that billowed into major corporate scandals.', u'In the highest profile case in recent years, camera and medical equipment maker Olympus Corp in 2011 admitted to a 13-year cover-up that hid $1.7 billion in losses.', u'Whether the accounting irregularities were intentional or caused by an institutional problem will be determined by the new panel, Tanaka said.', u'Toshiba said the new panel will look at the parent company and its 593 consolidated subsidiaries, including electrical engineering giant Westinghouse Electric Co. The probe will broaden the business areas and accounting issues being investigated by the internal panel. Toshiba said it does not yet know the scope or time frame for the third-party investigation.', u'Toshiba, which has twice delayed reporting its earnings for the year ended in March because of the irregularities, said it will release them as promptly as possible after the new probe is complete.', u'But it said it will "disclose any material information, if found" by either probe as soon as possible.', u"The company's 50 billion yen initial estimate of overstated operating profits for the three business years through March 2014 involved nine cases, Toshiba said on Friday.", u'(Additional reporting by Emi Emoto; Writing by William Mallard; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman and Keith Weir)']), ([u'Missile Shield for Gulf to Take Years, and Heavy U.S. Commitment'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  A U.S.-supplied missile shield to protect Gulf nations against Iranian attacks will take years to complete, requiring a step-up in regional trust, more U.S. sales of sensitive weapons, and intensive U.S. training to avoid mishaps in the volatile region.', u"A renewed joint commitment to build the regional defence system was one of the few firm outcomes of Thursday's Camp David summit between President Barack Obama and Gulf allies, which were seeking fresh U.S. defence pledges ahead of a possible nuclear deal they fear will empower arch-rival Iran.", u'Past efforts have stalled due to tension and mistrust within the six-nation Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) but U.S. and Gulf officials say the time is now ripe to push ahead as Arab nations mount more joint military missions.', u'A joint statement following the summit said that the GCC states were committed to developing a ballistic missile defence capability, including an early warning system, with U.S. technical help. Washington pledged to fast-track arms transfers to the GCC states and to send a team to the region in the coming weeks to discuss the details.', u"The Gulf nations fear that the sanctions relief that would accompany a nuclear deal with Tehran due by June 30 could revive Iran's economy and enable it to acquire more accurate and reliable missiles.", u'An integrated defence system would allow Gulf countries to better repel an Iranian attack, stitching together their radars and interceptors to counter a range of different missiles.', u'The system would use U.S. early-warning satellites and a mix of U.S. and Gulf radars to detect the launch of an enemy missile and fire a ground- or sea-based missile to destroy it far above the earth.', u'CLOSER SHARING NEEDED', u'Lockheed Martin Corp, Raytheon Co. and Northrop Grumman Corp would be key contenders to build a central command-and-control system for the shield since they already do similar work for the U.S. military and key allies.', u'The biggest challenge to making the shield work would be securing a broad agreement on the rules for dealing with any threats, said Anthony Cordesman, a senior analyst with the Center for Strategic and International Studies.', u'"You have to work out the entire engagement structure before the first missile is ever launched," Cordesman said.', u'Getting to that point will require unprecedented agreements between the U.S. military and the GCC, and among the often rancorous Gulf allies, to share sensitive data to avoid the risk of a friendly aircraft being shot down by mistake, experts said.', u'Intensive U.S.-led training would also be vital to minimize the risk of mishaps, U.S. officials say.', u'The U.S. military already has 10 Patriot missile batteries to defend against short-range ballistic missiles in the Gulf region and Jordan, as well as a powerful AN-TPY-2 radar system to scan for missile launches, according to U.S. officials.', u'The Gulf countries are upgrading their existing Raytheon Patriot systems to incorporate new PAC-3 missiles built by Raytheon and Lockheed Martin Corp, and are starting to buy wider-area and longer-range systems like the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD), built by Lockheed.', u'Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir told reporters in Washington this week that Gulf countries would need new ground-based networks and computer terminals to manage those systems.', u'He said the Gulf countries also wanted longer-range options like the Raytheon SM-3 missile, which has not yet been released for export to the region.', u"Washington has balked at selling a land-based Aegis combat system to deal with missile threats and any associated SM-3 missiles to Gulf countries, largely because such a system would be best suited to dealing with threats outside the earth's atmosphere that are beyond Iran's capability, Cordesman said.", u"Washington's decision in December to allow U.S. arms sales to the GCC as an organization - similar to its arrangement with NATO - helped pave the way for progress on integrating missile defence and maritime security systems.", u'\u201cThat\u2019s a huge step in the right direction,\u201d said a U.S. official, who was not authorized to speak publicly.', u"Cordesman said Raytheon's new SM-6 missile could prove useful to address Gulf concerns since it could address threats inside the earth's atmosphere as well as outside.", u'U.S. officials had no immediate comment on whether the Gulf countries had made any formal request for the SM-6 system.', u'Al-Jubeir cautioned against expecting rapid progress on missile defence integration.', u'"Those are complicated systems that take time to acquire and then take time to put in place," he said. "You can\u2019t buy these things off the shelf and take them home the day you buy them ... One has to come before the other."', u'(Additional reporting by Warren Strobel and Matt Spetalnick in Washington, and Angus McDowall in Riyadh; editing by Stuart Grudgings)']), ([u'Matching Colors Between Display and Document'], [u' ', u' The colors you see on your computer monitor can be affected by several factors, including the light sources in the room, the color of the walls, your viewing angle or the display settings for the monitor itself. So what looks good on your screen after you tweak and enhance your images may look quite different when you get the finished prints back from the photo service.', u'As part of the journey from pixels to print, the photographs are converted from the three colors (red, blue and green) used by computer monitors to display images, to the four colors (cyan, magenta, yellow and black) used in the standard printing process, so that translation can affect the look of the final product, too. The quality of your photo-printing service\u2019s work is another factor. Some companies may make adjustments on their end to improve the look of your prints, while others just process the photos with the same standard settings used for all customers.', u'Many photo-printing services have guidelines for color accuracy, so check your company\u2019s website for tips. ', u', ', u' and ', u' all have advice, which typically includes ', u' so that it displays colors more precisely.', u'The management of color between the computer monitor and a printed document is a precise science and can get ', u'. If you simply make an occasional order of photo prints and just want them to look better, though, you can take some starter steps to improve the pictures. If you have never calibrated your computer monitor, you can do so in the system settings for ', u', ', u' and ', u'.', u'For more precise results, the ', u' site has its own ', u' for hundreds of models. If you are really serious about color accuracy, you can also invest in specialized calibration software and a hardware color meter like ', u' or ', u' so that what you see on your monitor better matches what you see on paper.', u' ', u' The iPhone may be having trouble recognizing the SIM (subscriber identity module) card for various software and hardware reasons. If you have not already done so, ', u' to the latest version of iOS. Once you have ', u' to iCloud or iTunes, tap the Settings icon on the iPhone\u2019s Home screen, select General and then Software Update to see if any new system software is available to download and install.', u'If your iPhone\u2019s system software is up-to-date, check for an ', u'. In the Settings area, select General and then About. If you get a message that a carrier settings update is ready, install it. ', u' for software solutions (like flipping the Airplane Mode setting on and off again), but if none of those steps stop the SIM card message from appearing, take a look at the hardware.', u'To check that the card is firmly seated inside the phone, ', u' along the edge of the phone. You should see a tiny hole on the end of the tray. To open it, gently push one end of an unfolded paper clip into the hole until the tray slides out. Be careful handling the card and try to avoid directly touching the gold contacts as you confirm the card is sitting squarely in its tray. Then push the tray back in all the way.', u'If you are still experiencing the error, the SIM card may have some sort of damage that requires a trip or call to your wireless carrier\u2019s customer service department. As one last-ditch effort, Apple suggests wiping the phone\u2019s memory and ', u'. If the SIM card is not damaged, starting from scratch with a fresh iOS installation might resolve the issue, but again, just make sure to ', u' first before you erase its contents.']), ([u"Accessories for Apple's HomeKit to Hit Stores Next Month"], [u'(Reuters) - The first batch of home automation accessories, such as thermostats and garage door openers, compatible with Apple Inc\u2019s software platform will go on sale in June, the tech company said Thursday.', u'HomeKit is a set of tools in Apple\u2019s iOS 8 software designed to work with smart home devices. The company announced the home automation platform at its conference for developers last year, but devices compatible with the software have yet to appear in stores.', u'\u201cHomeKit has been available for just a few months and we already have dozens of partners who have committed to bringing HomeKit accessories to market and we\u2019re looking forward to the first ones coming next month,\u201d Apple spokeswoman Trudy Muller said in a statement.', u'Apple did not specify where the accessories would be sold.', u'Apple\u2019s statement followed a report from Fortune that the first HomeKit enabled devices would not be available until August or September.', u'(Reporting by Julia Love in San Francisco; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Nurses With Tablets and Bikers With Smartphones Join Ebola Fight'], [u'LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - While health experts in laboratories globally have tried to devise ways to end the largest Ebola epidemic on record, technology experts have also been coming up with new ways to attack the virus - using smartphones and Ebola-proof tablets.', u'Recording and tracking the victims of Ebola in the West African nations of Sierra Leone, Guinea and Liberia has proved a major challenge since the outbreak started in December 2013 and spread rapidly, killing more than 11,000 people.', u'Ivan Gayton, an emergency coordinator with the medical charity Medicins Sans Frontieres (MSF), said inefficient tracking was not helping, with workers in treatment centers sharing information about patients by shouting it over a fence to colleagues in a low-risk zone to record by hand.', u'For workers were aware that it was not just bodily fluids that could spread the disease but also contaminated paper and clipboards which triggered the idea of an Ebola-free tablet.', u'So Gayton teamed up with a Dutch developer Pim De Witte, founder of a technology company called Whitespell, to devise an Ebola-proof tablet aided by funding from Google.', u'An off-the-shelf device is given a polycarbonate shell to make it waterproof and chlorine resistant and charged wirelessly so it does not need to taken in and out of contamination zones.', u'Workers punch in data about patients, which can be stored, tracked and analyzed externally. The interface is optimized for people wearing steamy goggles and thick plastic gloves.', u'All the software, including the design for the shell which is made by 3D printing, is open source, meaning anyone can download and improve it. Data can be stored on the tablet when there is no signal, and uploaded later.', u'"It\'s actually really complicated to make it simple," Gayton told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u'BIKES IN TECHNOLOGY', u'He said the software took a while to roll out because of extensive testing but went into use in February when the virus was on the wane. This month Liberia was declared Ebola-free.', u'"We were late to the party ... we had to err on the side of first do no harm," said Gayton, but added that he hoped the device would be useful in future disease outbreaks.', u'Tracking victims around West Africa also proved difficult.', u'When health workers arrived in the Tonkolili district of northern Sierra Leone, they had limited information about the names, location and details of villages they needed to help.', u'"A lot of information was missing," said Laura Nic Lochlainn, a fellow at the RIVM National Institute for Public Health and the Environment in the Netherlands, who traveled to Sierra Leone this year with an MSF team to find a solution.', u'For a two week trial, researchers employed locals to scoot around the province on small motorbikes known as okadas, collecting household, health and population data from villages on simple smartphones.', u'They traveled in pairs, one riding the motorbike and one using a GPS-enabled smartphone running an Android operating system, preloaded with a specially designed, simple program for storing the necessary information.', u'When they arrived in a village they interviewed a village leader or representative to gather as much information as possible, and log GPS coordinates, essential in a region where village names are often duplicated or spelt differently.', u'Nic Lochlainn said it takes a long time to learn to use the sophisticated satellite devices usually used for mapping but users could master this software in hours and the data let experts assign Ebola cases to specific villages more accurately.', u'The scheme covered 950 villages in two weeks, and the cost was "very modest" compared with sending foreign aid workers into the field or commissioning detailed satellite imagery, she said.', u'"Technology can get in the way if it\'s complicated, but if it\'s simple it can only do good things," Nic Lochlainn told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u"(Reporting By Joseph D'Urso, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith)"]), ([u'Netflix in Talks With Jack Ma-Backed Wasu to Enter China: Bloomberg'], [u"(Reuters) - Video streaming company Netflix Inc is in talks with Jack Ma-backed Wasu Media Holding Co and other potential partners to enter China's booming online video market, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.", u'Netflix is seeking a partner that has licenses for content on all devices, including mobile phones, computers and set-top boxes, the report said.', u'Reuters could not immediately reach Wasu Media for comment and Netflix did not immediately respond to a request for comment outside regular business hours.', u'Netflix earlier said it was developing plans to launch a "modest" service in China if it can get permission to operate in the world\'s most populous country. Chinese consumers are used to watching entertainment for free that is either supported by ads or pirated.', u'"For every country we know what we want to do, but in China we are still exploring our options," Chief Executive Reed Hastings said in an interview earlier this year.', u"A local partnership would be essential given the Chinese government's strict controls over licensing for online content, Bloomberg said.", u'Last month, Wasu Media said Alibaba Group founder Jack Ma and other partners will pay 6.54 billion yuan ($1.05 billion) for a 20 percent stake in the company.', u'(Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'Samsung Heir Takes Charge of Foundations in Succession Step'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  Samsung Group [SAGR.UL] heir apparent Jay Y. Lee will take over from his father Lee Kun-hee as head of two key foundations, the conglomerate said on Friday, suggesting that a transfer of leadership is underway at South Korea's largest conglomerate.", u'Jay Y. Lee, 46, will succeed his 73-year-old father, who has been hospitalized since suffering a heart attack more than a year ago, as chairman of Samsung Life Public Welfare Foundation and Samsung Foundation of Culture from May 31, a Samsung Group spokeswoman said.', u"The foundations hold stakes in Samsung Life Insurance Co Ltd, an important piece in the conglomerate's complicated ownership structure that enables the Lee family to control the group despite their relatively small stakeholdings.", u"Samsung insiders say that since his father's hospitalization the younger Lee has been the main decision-maker at the vast conglomerate, which includes smartphone giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. The foundation appointments however mark the first time he has formally assumed leadership roles from company patriarch Lee Kun-hee, who is chairman of Samsung Electronics.", u'"A key point in the succession process is controlling the foundations, because they hold stakes in key Samsung Group companies," said Park Ju-gun, head of corporate watchdog CEO Score.', u'"I think it\'s safe to say that the succession process is near a final stage."', u'Samsung Group has undertaken a series of moves over the past year that investors and analysts see as preparing the way for a stable handover from the elder Lee to his three children.', u'There has been no official confirmation of any succession planning from the company itself, however, and the Samsung Group spokeswoman on Friday declined to comment on when or whether Jay Y. Lee would take over as chairman.', u'In one recent maneuver, the listings of Cheil Industries Inc and Samsung SDS Co Ltd gave Jay Y. Lee and his two sisters financial firepower to deal with what could be a more than a $6 billion inheritance tax when their father passes away.', u"Some investors and analysts believed they spotted Jay Y. Lee's newfound power in a spike in acquisitions by Samsung Electronics, as well as a decision to sell the conglomerate's non-core chemical and defense arms late last year.", u'But the heir apparent will be reluctant to assume too much authority while his father is still alive, group watchers have said.', u'The Samsung Group spokeswoman said the elder Lee remained in a stable condition, although people familiar with the matter have said he is unable to converse.', u'(Additional reporting by Joyce Lee and Seungyun Oh; Editing by Tony Munroe and Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Reddit Enacts Anti-Harassment Policy After User Complaints'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Reddit, the online discussion forum known for its free-wheeling ethos, is enacting an anti-harassment policy while still trying to keep its roots as a place for free expression.', u'Reddit said in a blog post Thursday that it is "unhappy with harassing behavior" on the site and its survey data shows that users are too. It has been reviewing its community guidelines for the past six months.', u'"We\'ve seen many conversations devolve into attacks against individuals," the San Francisco company wrote in a blog post, adding that it is also seeing more and different types of harassment than in the past. For example, some users are harassing people across platforms and posting links on Reddit to private information on other sites, it said.', u"Reddit's interim CEO is Ellen Pao, who this year lost a high-profile gender-discrimination lawsuit against a prominent venture capital firm. That case highlighted issues of gender imbalance and working conditions for women in Silicon Valley.", u'Reddit said in its blog post that it defines harassment as "systematic and/or continued actions to torment or demean someone," making them fear for their safety or conclude that the social-networking and news site is not a safe place to express ideas.', u'Users being harassed can report the message or post via email. Reddit said it will handle each situation separately, and responses could include banning users.', u"Earlier this year, Reddit said it would remove photos, videos and links with explicit content if the person in the image hasn't given permission for it to be posted.", u'That change came about six months after hackers obtained nude photos of Jennifer Lawrence and other celebrities and posted them to social media sites, including Reddit and Twitter.']), ([u'Nvidia Wants to Leap From Video Games to Self-Driving Cars'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  It took Silicon Valley chipmaker Nvidia Corp the better part of a decade to gain acceptance as a global automotive supplier, a lesson for other technology firms hoping to make a similar transition from consumer electronics to car components.', u'Nvidia had a thriving business in supplying powerful graphics processors for video game consoles and laptop computers when representatives of Volkswagen AG asked if it could adapt the same realistic, three-dimensional displays for the dashboards of Audi luxury cars.', u'That was 10 years ago \u2013 several lifetimes in Silicon Valley terms, but just a couple of model changes ago for the big car maker. It took six years for Nvidia to develop the chips to power the 3-D navigation system display that launched on the 2011 Audi A8, the brand\u2019s top-of-the-line sedan, compared with three to four years to develop a new chip for gaming applications.', u'Along the way, Nvidia engineers learned the hard way they could not just pop a chip designed for a laptop or a game console into a car.', u'\u201cWe had to be taught what \u2018automotive grade\u2019 meant,\u201d recalls Danny Shapiro, Nvidia\u2019s senior director of automotive operations. In simple terms, that meant no reboots \u2013 because a dashboard screen that fails to light up means an angry customer and possibly an expensive warranty repair.', u'The decade-long effort enabled Nvidia to make the jump from the world of computers and game consoles into the fast-growing market for advanced automotive displays and automated driving systems. It is a leap that other Silicon Valley tech companies want to emulate to cash in on the convergence of automobiles and digital connectivity.', u'Nvidia\u2019s success in landing processors on cars including the Audi A8 and the Tesla Model S sedan illustrates the growing willingness among automakers to look beyond their traditional suppliers to obtain a technological edge.', u'\u201cThey offer us computing systems with the strength\u201d to process vast amounts of data required by new driver assistance systems and displays, said Ulrich Hackenberg, Audi\u2019s head of technical development.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Nvidia is still a niche player with a long way to go to crack the top league of traditional automotive chip suppliers. Much larger companies, including Japan\u2019s Renesas Electronics Corp and U.S. chipmakers Texas Instruments Inc, Intel Corp and Qualcomm Inc, dominate the automotive chip business.', u"Nvidia's automotive sales represented just 4 percent of the company's $4.7 billion annual revenue in its most recent fiscal year. That in turn is just one-tenth of the $1.86 billion in automotive semiconductors that Texas Instruments sold last year.\xa0", u'Brooke Williams, TI\u2019s business manager for driver assistance systems, said his company already knows how to deal with automakers\u2019 demands after 35 years of supplying products for vehicles. \u201cWe understand the automotive design cycle and how the vehicle manufacturers and suppliers work.\u201d', u'SELF-DRIVING CARS', u'Nvidia has made the leap to infotainment systems in vehicles, but not yet to self-driving cars.', u'The company had just $23 million in sales in the automotive segment in 2011. Growth has surged since. This year, the company expects automotive revenue of $183 million, and says it has booked more than $2 billion in future automotive business, most of\xa0that involving chips for digital displays and infotainment. By 2020, Nvidia expects to have chips on more than 32 million vehicles.\xa0', u'The company is pushing to crack the emerging market for driver assistance systems, which include such tasks as self-parking and semi-automated steering and braking. Those systems require huge amounts of computing power in very small packages. Nvidia has developed and begun selling a chip called the Tegra X1 for automotive and gaming uses, which it says can put the power of a supercomputer in a package about the size of a postage stamp.', u'\u201cNvidia brings unparalleled graphics capabilities that could prove critical building blocks\u201d for driver assistance systems, said Morgan Stanley analyst Joseph Moore.', u'Nvidia got coaching from automotive customers who liked the company\u2019s technology but were not sure of its ability to measure up to their standards.', u"Early in their relationship, Audi executives took Nvidia engineers on a trip to Audi's home factory in Ingolstadt, Germany.", u'"We told the Nvidia guys, \'you make one part, but we assemble a car here from 10,000 pieces,\'" said Mathias Halliger, Audi\'s senior systems architect for connected vehicle technologies. "If even one part is bad, we have a problem.\u201d', u'To drive home the point, an Audi tour guide noted that one of the luxury cars had been rejected because of a tiny flaw in the paint.', u'The plant tour, Halliger said, "helped Nvidia to understand our requirements. It showed dramatically what we were looking for."', u'There was more for Nvidia to learn. A typical automotive production cycle can run five years or more, compared with one year for many consumer products. Nvidia had to go back to its suppliers to make sure that key components, from memory to power supply, could be upgraded as needed over that longer life cycle.', u'\u201cWhen you work with car companies and you engage in these developments with them, over the years you adopt their culture,\u201d said Nvidia Chief Executive Officer Jen-Hsun Huang, whose personal automotive stable includes two Ferraris and two Teslas.  \u201cBut the car is dying to be reinvented.\u201d', u'(Editing by Joe White and Matthew Lewis)']), ([u'Amazon Launches Advertising Platform for Mobile App Developers: Bloomberg'], [u'(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc launched a new advertising platform for mobile app developers to promote their apps on Android devices, Bloomberg reported.', u'Developers can advertise their apps on Android smartphones and tablets, and also on Amazon tablets by paying Amazon each time a user clicks an advertisement displayed through the system, Bloomberg said.', u'Campaigns for the service start at $100, the report said.', u'Amazon could not be reached immediately for comments outside regular business hours.', u'(Reporting by Rishika Sadam in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'Symantec Revenue Misses Street on Strong Dollar'], [u"(Reuters) - Antivirus and security software maker Symantec Corp's quarterly profit and revenue missed Wall Street estimates, hurt by a strong dollar and lower demand for its consumer security products.", u'Symantec, best known for its Norton antivirus software, also forecast weaker-than-expected first-quarter profit and revenue, sending its shares down 3 percent in extended trading.', u'The company, whose security products come bundled with PCs, said it expects an adjusted profit of 41-44 cents per share in the current quarter and revenue of $1.50 billion-$1.54 billion.', u'Analysts on an average were expecting a profit of 45 cents per share on revenue of $1.62 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u"Slowing PC sales have hurt the company's security business, while sluggish demand for storage and data management software has diminished the value of its cash-cow Veritas business.", u'Worldwide PC shipments fell 6.7 percent to 68.5 million units in the first three months of the year, and are expected drop 4.9 percent in 2015, research firm IDC said in April. (', u') (', u')', u'Symantec said last month it was moving ahead with its plans to split into two publicly traded companies by next January, a move that it views as more tax-efficient than a sale of one of its units.', u'The company, which gets half its revenue from its international business, said revenue from outside the United States fell 10.5 percent in the fourth quarter ended April 3.', u'The dollar rose about 9 percent against a basket of major currencies in the first three months of 2015.', u"Revenue in Symantec's consumer security business fell 19 percent to $408 million.", u"Excluding items, the company earned 43 cents per share, missing analysts' average estimate of 44 cents.", u'Revenue fell to $1.52 billion from $1.63 billion, below the average estimate of $1.56 billion.', u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya and Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das and Sayantani Ghosh)']), ([u'Alibaba to Invest More Abroad as Globalization Top Priority: CEO Zhang'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will invest heavily in existing and new ventures abroad, making its push beyond the China market a top priority, the Chinese e-commerce leader's new CEO, Daniel Zhang, said.", u"Zhang's comments come at a time when Alibaba aims to maintain its rapid growth even as the prospect of e-commerce saturation at home looms over the company.", u'"We must absolutely globalize," Zhang said in his first speech since taking up his new post this week, according to a report on Thursday on Alibaba\'s news and commentary website, Alizila.', u"The vast bulk of Alibaba's revenue comes from its dominant domestic online marketplaces, but the company has been investing in a range of sectors abroad. Just this week it announced it would set up a cloud computing base in Dubai, and boosted its stake in U.S. e-retailer Zulily Inc.", u'"We will organize a global team and adopt global thinking to manage the business, and achieve the goal of \'global buy and global sell\'," Zhang was quoted as saying.', u'Alibaba, which handles more transactions on its platforms than Amazon.com Inc and eBay Inc combined, would continue to invest heavily in new and existing overseas operations, Zhang  was quoted as saying. Those included AliExpress, a platform for overseas consumers to buy Chinese goods, and Tmall Global, a marketplace for overseas goods to be sold online in China.', u"Zhang said if Alibaba does not globalize it won't be able to last 100 years - a goal set out by Executive Chairman Jack Ma.", u"But growth of Alibaba's international commerce business is lagging the pace of growth in China, even as the new CEO faces the prospect of slowing domestic growth as saturation among online shoppers threatens to hobble expansion.", u"In the three months ended March, Alibaba's revenue from China commerce grew 39 percent to $2.2 billion. International commerce grew 27 percent to $264 million and only accounted for 9 percent of revenue, compared to 11 percent in the same period a year earlier.", u'Alibaba says some of its larger overseas markets include Brazil and Russia. The company and its affiliates are also making overtures in India, where it is in talks with phone maker Micromax Informatics to buy a $1.2 billion stake, according to several people with direct knowledge of the matter.', u"For the United States, Alibaba is planning a major move to win business this year, by offering American retailers new ways to sell to China's vast and growing middle class.", u'(Reporting by John Ruwitch and Paul Carsten; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u"King Digital's Shares 'Crushed' After Weak Second Quarter Bookings Forecast"], [u'(Reuters) - King Digital Entertainment Plc\'s shares fell as much as 14.3 percent in after-market trading on Thursday, after the "Candy Crush Saga" creator said it expects changes in foreign currency and a lack of new releases to hurt its gross bookings for the current quarter.', u'King, a maker of games for social media platforms and mobile devices, forecast second-quarter gross bookings of $490 million to $520 million, and said the mid-year period would be "seasonally softer", although it expected to return to growth trends in the latter part of the year.', u'The dollar has surged about 9 percent against a basket of major currencies in the first three months of the year.', u'The company\'s first game launch of 2015 would come in the back half of the year, Chief Operating Officer Stephane Kurgan said, adding that King expected "...some softening of our bookings as a result."', u'The upcoming launches will stabilize and then reverse the bookings trend in the latter part of the year, Kurgan said on a conference call.', u"The weak forecast overshadowed the company's strong first-quarter results.", u'King Digital, which went public in March last year, said net income rose to $164.1 million, or 51 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31, from $127.2 million, or 41 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'On an adjusted basis, the company earned 61 cents per share, well above the average analyst estimate of 53 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Revenue fell 6.1 percent to $569.5 million, but beat the average estimate of $563.4 million.', u'Total gross bookings, an indicator of future revenue, rose 3.1 percent to $604.5 million in the first quarter compared with the fourth quarter of 2014.', u'Analysts on average had expected bookings of $589.7 million, according to market research firm Factset StreetAccount.', u'Rival Zynga Inc reported higher-than-expected bookings earlier this month, due to the popularity of titles such as "Words With Friends".', u'King Digital records sales of virtual goods, such as coins, as deferred revenue, which is recognized as these goods are redeemed or used. Bookings equal revenue recognized in a period plus the change in deferred revenue.', u"The company's shares were down 11.2 percent at $13.30 in extended trade.", u'(This story has been corrected in paragraph 13 to remove reference to "downloads")', u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik and Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings)']), ([u'Toshiba Eyes Three-Year Profit Markdown in Accounts Probe; Impact Seen Limited, Shares Up'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan's Toshiba Corp said an internal probe into accounting irregularities may mean it has to mark down three years of profit by about 7 percent, soothing investor fears the investigation might blow up into a bigger accounting scandal.", u"The industrial conglomerate's shares rose as much as 5 percent in Tokyo after it said late on Wednesday it's likely to mark down operating profit for the three years ended March 2014 by at least 50 billion yen ($420 million). At 0445 GMT, the stock was up 1.23 percent.", u'The potential impact was welcomed in the market as comparatively small at 7.2 percent of previously reported earnings, analysts said. The shares had fallen 13 percent since Toshiba spooked investors on May 8, saying it was extending an investigation into inappropriate reporting of some infrastructure project costs and construction work.', u"Toshiba's second accounting investigation in less than two years had provided unwelcome echoes for some in the Tokyo market of previous probes that billowed into major corporate scandals. In the highest profile case in recent years, camera and medical equipment maker Olympus Corp in 2011 admitted to a 13-year cover-up that hid $1.7 billion in losses.", u'"I think the market was relieved," said Takashi Hiroki, chief strategist at Monex Securities. "The size of additional loss was not that big."', u'The company is in the process of setting up a third-party committee to investigate irregularities, which Toshiba said could reach a different conclusion on treatment of markdowns. The widening of an investigation first announced in April had  prompted Toshiba to delay its quarterly earnings announcement and cancel a year-end dividend.', u"Underlining relief among investors, Toshiba's 5-year ", u', effectively the cost of insuring against a default, tumbled by about 40 percent. As well the rise in its Tokyo shares, Toshiba saw its American Depositary Receipts surge 12 percent overnight.', u'As a result of the extended probe, Toshiba said it would not be able to announce financial results for the latest fiscal year until June or later. The firm would normally have released earnings by early May.', u'($1 = 119.2100 yen)', u'(Additional reporting by Hideyuki Sano in TOKYO and Umesh Desai in HONG KONG; Editing by Chang-Ran Kim, Stephen Coates and Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Cisco\u2019s Profit and Sales Beat Wall Street Forecasts'], [u' delivered gains in quarterly profit and sales on Wednesday that slightly surpassed Wall Street\u2019s expectations.', u'The steady performance in its fiscal third quarter showed that ', u', the giant maker of computer networking equipment, continues to do well in adapting to new technologies and holding off rivals.', u' a 12 percent increase in net profit, to $2.4 billion. Its operating earnings of 54 cents a share were just above analysts\u2019 consensus estimate of 53 cents a share, as compiled by Thomson Reuters.', u'Revenue rose 5 percent, to $12.1 billion, essentially in line with the average analyst forecast of $12.07 billion.', u'John T. Chambers, Cisco\u2019s chief executive, said the solid performance was evidence the company was \u201cpulling away from our competition.\u201d', u'The essence of Cisco\u2019s strategy, Mr. Chambers said in a conference call, was to steadily make the transition from \u201cselling boxes\u201d to selling efficient \u201coutcomes\u201d for customers with Internet technology.', u'Parts of the business were weak: Sales to telecommunications and cable companies were off by 7 percent and sales in emerging markets slipped, particularly in Russia and China.', u'Mr. Chambers said the business in China could be \u201cturned around, assuming our governments get along.\u201d', u'Still, the weaknesses were more than offset by strength across the breadth of the business. Cisco said it expected revenue growth to ease in the current quarter to 1 to 3 percent.', u'Cisco shares were down slightly in after-hours trading. Over the last year, Cisco shares have climbed 28 percent.', u'Mr. Chambers, who is 65, ', u' last week that he would soon be stepping down as chief executive, a post he has held since 1995. He will be succeeded by Charles H. Robbins, 49, the senior vice president for worldwide field operations. Mr. Robbins will take over on July 26, and Mr. Chambers will stay on as executive chairman.', u'Analysts expect no major shifts in strategy under Mr. Robbins, but probably a tilt in emphasis toward improving Cisco\u2019s operational efficiency and less on building up the corporation\u2019s formidable sales engine, a hallmark of Mr. Chambers\u2019s tenure.', u'Over the years, Cisco rivals have surfaced from Silicon Valley to China. But Cisco has managed to stay on top. \u201cIts scale and breadth are extremely hard to replicate,\u201d said Amitabh Passi, an analyst at UBS.', u'That heft amounts to what Pierre Ferragu, an analyst for the research firm Sanford C. Bernstein, called \u201ca powerful platform advantage\u201d in a report last week.', u'To compete with newer competitors, Cisco has introduced a so-called software-defined network technology, called Application Centric Infrastructure. It is sold as part of new hardware, and is marketed as an innovation that can help automate the management of networks, storage and security services.', u'While staying on as chairman, Mr. Chambers said he planned to step back. \u201cChuck,\u201d he said, referring to Mr. Robbins, \u201cwill be the C.E.O., he\u2019ll make the decisions.\u201d Mr. Chambers said he was looking forward to \u201cthe next stage of my career, being more of a coach.\u201d']), ([u'Finding a New Broadband Connection'], [u' ', u' For one quick trip to see an overview of the available services in your neighborhood, visit the National Broadband Map site at ', u'. The map was ', u' and is the result of a collaboration between the ', u', the ', u', all 50 states, the District of Columbia and five United States territories.', u'When you type your address into the search box at the top of the page, the site displays a chart showing all the companies with wired and wireless broadband service in your area, along with the range of speeds each company offers. In addition to the common cable and DSL connections, the map should show you any other options available, including fiber, satellite and mobile wireless service.', u'When you click the Expand All link on the page, the chart expands to reveal more information about each provider listed. Although the National Broadband Map does not list the prices for monthly plans, it does include links to each company\u2019s website so you can click through and look for yourself.', u' ', u' Chrome stores a list of the sites you have visited during the last 90 days (unless you were using the ', u'). When you start typing something similar into the search box, you may see previously used URLs pop up. To ', u', click the Menu icon in the upper-right corner of the Chrome toolbar and select History. On your History page, you can delete selected sites you have visited, or just click the Clear Browsing Data button to get an options box for erasing everything.', u'If you use Chrome or Google Search on other computers and gadgets while logged into a Google account, Google saves a list of your search queries and pages you previously visited on all devices. The company says it stores this information so it can provide better results and recommendations, but if you find it creepy, you can ', u'.', u'Point the browser to ', u' and log in again if asked. On your History page, you can see your entire trail of Google searches across all devices (along with your usage charts and trends). From this page, you can delete some or all of your search history. You can also \u201cpause\u201d and stop Google\u2019s search-saving at ', u'.', u' If you are feeling nostalgic or just cannot remember what you were doing at the same time last year, check out ', u', which shows you the photos and updates you posted to the site on the same date. To do the time travel, select the On This Day bookmark in the Apps area of your News Feed page or in the menu area of the ', u' mobile app. When logged into your account, you can also visit the past at ', u'.', u'If you like the On This Day feature, ', u' and share particularly memorable moments to your Timeline again. Likewise, if you would like to tinker with your past posts, you can edit, delete or ', u' to limit or expand the group of people who can see the previously shared information.']), ([u'Video Feature: Apps for Cyclists Offer Everything but the Flat-Tire Kit'], [u'Cyclists have been saying it for ages: Two wheels are better than four, for the health of the rider and the environment alike. And with cycling\u2019s popularity on the rise, numerous apps have appeared to support the activity.', u' is perhaps the best known of these \u2014 and for good reason, as it is a good all-around app for tracking and analyzing your bike rides. Its excellence begins with its well-designed, minimalist interface, whose readable displays and clear menus make it easy to use.', u'At its core is a \u201crecord\u201d page where, with the touch of a few buttons, you can use GPS to keep track of every bicycle ride you take. Strava shows basic data like distance traveled, average speed and location. That information can be reached with just a few taps and swipes on the screen, perfect if you like to mount your phone on your bike or strap it to your arm.', u'Strava also has a strong social element, so you can share your performance or time over a certain route with other friends using the app and join in with mass social cycling challenges like \u201cride 100 kilometers in May.\u201d You can even search among the app\u2019s shared routes to see if there are any near where you are planning to ride.', u'As part of a recent update, Strava even gained some simple Apple Watch interactions like displaying your current ride time, distance and speed.', u'With a paid upgrade, you can get in-ride updates comparing your segment times over certain routes with other users\u2019, and gain access to other features, like being able to enter your own progress goals. These extras cost $6 a month or $60 for a year; the basic app is free for both ', u' and ', u' devices.', u'If you like the idea of Strava but are looking for a simpler ride-logger, ', u', by Runtastic, is an excellent option. Free for ', u' and ', u' devices, Road Bike does many of the things Strava does, including GPS-based performance tracking, interfacing with some third-party heart rate monitors and providing some real-time and postride analytics about performance. It also has social sharing services, including asking your friends for \u201ccheers\u201d to enhance your motivation as you show them how far and fast you\u2019ve gone.', u'Road Bike\u2019s interface is more cluttered, since it tries to show more information at once. Whether this is a good thing or not will depend on how you like to use your phone during a ride, and you can configure some aspects of Road Bike\u2019s display to suit your needs. It, too, offers a pro version, which for $5 gives access to a fuller range of features including live tracking of your progress.', u'Runtastic has a partner app called ', u' for those who prefer trails to streets. Bikers can, for example, search for off-road routes. Like Road Bike, it syncs with your Runtastic account, so all your two-wheeled exercise on- and off-road can be logged in one place. The main app is free for ', u' and ', u'.', u'More casual cyclists may prefer ', u', an early cycling app that has been significantly updated over the years to compete with its better-known rivals.', u'True to its name, MapMyRide shows your real-time cycling progress on a map with some basic speed and distance statistics. This at-a-glance \u201cWhere am I?\u201d and \u201cHow far have I gone?\u201d style is visually appealing.', u'After your ride, you can view more detailed information, like calories burned and data on your performance. There\u2019s also support for wireless heart rate sensors and social sharing of your results and overall riding progress. The main part of the app is free for ', u' and ', u', though if you pay $6 for the upgrade, you can avoid the ads found in the free version and gain extra features that include personalized training plans and analysis of your heart rate.', u'Lastly, weather is always a critical part of any cycle ride. So riders will certainly benefit from checking the hyperlocal forecasts offered as part of the ', u' app before setting off. Dark Sky is $4 for ', u'.', u' has revamped its mobile apps. The social photo-sharing service has a new look, so it feels more like the camera roll inside your phone instead of a stream of photos from users you follow. There\u2019s also now a direct sharing link to Instagram. Flickr is free on ', u' and ', u'.']), ([u'China Aims to Boost Internet Speeds, Cut Prices'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  China will accelerate development of its high-speed broadband networks to raise Internet speeds and cut prices, long bugbears in a country where many people still have no access to the web.', u"Telecoms firms should make rapid moves to cut prices and increase urban broadband speeds by around 40 percent, according to a statement issued late on Wednesday by China's State Council, the country's cabinet.", u"China's investment in broadband could benefit global network equipment makers such as Ericsson and Nokia Oyj's Alcatel-Lucent, as well as home-grown players like Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] and ZTE Corp.", u"The statement did not say how much investment would be needed, but officials have previously earmarked around 2 trillion yuan ($322 billion) to improve China's broadband infrastructure by 2020.", u"The country's Internet penetration rate was only 47.9 percent last year, with connectivity especially low in smaller cities and rural areas. This compares to around three-quarters of people in the United States.", u'The cabinet statement added that China would look to open up the telecoms market and encourage increased competition, including through expanding a pilot scheme for broadband services this year.', u'"There is still not enough competition, which has led to telecoms fees being relatively high while there is still a lot of room to improve the quality of service," the statement said, citing an official at China\'s official State Information Centre.', u'(Reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Wal-Mart Challenges Amazon With Unlimited Shipping Service for $50 Per Year'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  Wal-Mart Stores Inc is planning to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year, a move that may hurt Amazon's annual $99 Prime shipping service.", u"Wal-Mart's service, which will be by invitation only for now, will offer selected products on the company's website to customers within three days or less, company spokesman Ravi Jariwala told Reuters. Wal-Mart offers more than 7 million products on its website.", u'"Depending on customer feedback we will see how the programme evolves," Jariwala said.', u"The move underscores Wal-Mart's efforts to scale its online business rapidly and gain a share of a market dominated by Amazon.", u"Amazon's launched its $99-a-year shipping service called n Prime, a decade ago with the guarantee of standard, reliable two-day shipping on online orders.", u"Since then Prime has become the cornerstone of Amazon's growth and the e-commerce company said U.S. Prime memberships grew 50 percent last year.", u'(Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Toshiba Says to Mark Down Reported Profit for Three Years'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan's Toshiba Corp said it was likely to mark down its reported operating profit for the three fiscal years through March 2014 by a total of at least 50 billion yen ($419.43 million) after an internal probe into accounting irregularities.", u"The announcement late on Wednesday soothed investors' fears the investigation could lead to a major scandal, and helped push up Toshiba's shares by more than 5 percent. Its American Depositary Receipts surged 12 percent overnight.", u'The industrial conglomerate said the outlook was based on its own probe, which began in early April. The company is in the process of setting up a third-party committee, which it warned could reach a different conclusion.', u"The investigation is the company's second accounting scandal in less than two years, and prompted it to delay its quarterly earnings announcement and cancel a year-end dividend.", u'Toshiba has said the internal probe discovered cases in which building costs for infrastructure projects were under-reported and losses from construction work were inadequately booked.', u'As a result of the extended probe, Toshiba said it would not be able to announce financial results for the latest fiscal year until June or later. The firm would normally have released earnings by early May.', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Toshiba Shares Rise After Profit Restatement'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Shares in Toshiba Corp rose about four percent on Thursday after the company said the mark-down in its profits in the past three years due to accounting irregularities will be estimated at around 50 billion yen ($419.50 million).', u"The announcement late on Wednesday soothed investors' fears the probe could lead to a major scandal, and helped push up Toshiba's American Depositary Receipts 12 percent overnight.", u'(Reporting by Hideyuki Sano; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'AT&T to Offer Hulu on Website, App This Year'], [u'(Reuters) - AT&T Inc, the No. 2 U.S. wireless company, said on Wednesday its users will be able to access the Hulu streaming video service on its website and mobile app starting later this year.', u"The service will be available to AT&T customers who subscribe to Hulu. In addition to using the Hulu app, users will be able to view Hulu content on AT&T's app and website alongside the wireless company's existing library of videos such as those from video maker Fullscreen.", u"Fullscreen, one of the biggest networks on YouTube, is majority-owned by Otter Media, a joint venture between AT&T and Peter Chernin's The Chernin Group that creates web-based video content.", u'As part of efforts to deliver video over the Internet outside of a TV subscription or "over the top," the company has been partnering with content makers such as Hulu and Amazon Prime Video to bring online video to users. The company has been bundling video content with its Internet packages and pay TV packages.', u'AT&T announced its plans a day after rival Verizon Communications Inc, which plans to launch a mobile video service this summer, said it would buy AOL Inc to access its mobile video advertising technology.', u'AT&T is also considering bringing a Hulu app to TV, AT&T said on Wednesday.', u"AT&T's $49 billion deal to buy satellite TV provider DirecTV is being reviewed by regulators and both companies say they expect to close the deal this quarter. Through the acquisition, the company could bundle phone Internet and TV services and offer new packages.", u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru and Malathi Nayak in New York; Editing by Simon Jennings, Don Sebastian and Frances Kerry)']), ([u'Facebook Pushes to Improve Benefits, Pay for Contractors'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Facebook is pushing for higher pay and improved benefits for the janitors, cooks and other workers who support its employees.', u'The world\'s largest online social network is implementing a set of new standards for its U.S.-based contractors who do a "substantial amount of work" with Facebook.', u'Sheryl Sandberg, Facebook\'s chief operating officer, announced the changes in a blog post late Tuesday. The new requirements include a minimum wage of $15 an hour, at least 15 paid days off per year, and for those who don\'t receive paid parental leave, a $4,000 "new child benefit" for new parents.', u'The move comes amid a nationwide push to pay low-wage workers at least $15 per hour and improve other benefits. In Silicon Valley, where the wealth gap between tech industry luminaries and the workers who serve their lunches and clean their bathroom can be especially jarring, the movement has focused on tech giants like Apple, Google and Facebook.', u"Facebook had originally planned to announce the changes last Monday, as the standards are already in place for some workers. The announcement was delayed following the sudden death of Sandberg's husband, David Goldberg, on May 1.", u'"Taking these steps is the right thing to do for our business and our community," wrote Sandberg, who returned to work at Facebook this week. "Women, because they comprise about two-thirds of minimum wage workers nationally, are particularly affected by wage adjustments. Research also shows that providing adequate benefits contributes to a happier and ultimately more productive workforce."', u"Facebook wouldn't disclose how many workers its changes will affect, but the number is likely in the hundreds as it includes kitchen staff, janitors, security guards and other workers who are employed by outside contractors and vendors to support its sprawling headquarters in Menlo Park, California and elsewhere in the U.S.", u'Sandberg said the new standards were put in place May 1 for "some of our largest support teams" at the company\'s headquarters and the company is planning to implement it with a broader set of U.S. vendors this year.', u"The new standards apply to Facebook's shuttle bus drivers, the company said. But the drivers voted to unionize earlier this year with the Teamsters and Rome Aloise, international vice president for Teamsters Local 853, said the starting wage in their contracts already exceeds $15 per hour, as does paid time off.", u'"But I do think that Facebook is exhibiting themselves to be responsible corporate citizens," he said. "(We\'re) hoping the rest of the tech companies will follow their lead."', u"At Google's Northern California campuses, support staff such as bus drivers, parking attendants, guards and cafe workers earns a minimum of $15 an hour, according to the company. The changes went into effect April 1, a month before Facebook's.", u'Google says it has also been working to reduce the number of split shifts bus drivers have, which has been a major complaint for workers who must drive during morning and evening rush hour, leading to extraordinarily long days.  The company is also pushing to increase driver pay to at least $24 per hour, with a 15 percent premium on top of that for those who work split shifts.', u'In March, Microsoft said it will require its U.S. suppliers to give paid time off to employees who do work at the company at least 15 days of paid time off each year. The changes will be implemented over the next year.', u'"Facebook did the right thing in making sure that workers are paid a minimum of $15 an hour," said Kendall Fells, National Organizing Director of the Fight for $15. " If Facebook can raise pay to $15, so can McDonald\'s."']), ([u'Tencent Eyes Investing More to Build WeChat Mobile Payment Service'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  Tencent Holdings Ltd, China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm, said on Wednesday it might invest more to build up its WeChat messaging app mobile payment service should the opportunity arise.", u'In the first quarter there was a drop off in funding of subsidies to promote taxi calling apps, which used WeChat Payment to settle bills and so encouraged new users to sign up to the service, Tencent executives said on a conference call after the company posted its first quarter earnings results.', u'This led to a drop in sales and marketing expenses in the three months ended March versus the previous year, the company said.', u'Tencent first-quarter revenues were higher than analysts had forecast, as a drive to sell more advertising on its social networks and entertainment services began to pay off.', u'(Reporting by Paul Carsten, editing by Louise Heavens)']), ([u'Limelight Did Not Infringe Akamai Patent: U.S. Court'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Limelight Networks Inc did not directly infringe a patent on managing Web images and video held by rival Akamai Technologies Inc because it did not carry out all the steps, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Wednesday.', u'In a longstanding case on remand from the U.S. Supreme Court, the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit also said there was no basis to find the media content delivery company and its customers could jointly be held liable for infringement because Limelight was not in direct control of its users.', u'"Limelight\u2019s customers do not become Limelight\u2019s agents simply because Limelight provides its customers a written manual explaining how to operate Limelight\u2019s product," the appeals court said in a 2-1 majority opinion.', u'The case dates to 2006, when Akamai accused Limelight of infringing on its patented technology for efficiently handling website content.', u'The case, closely watched by the high-tech industry, centered on whether a company can be held liable when the final step leading to patent infringement is carried out by a third party.', u'A divided Federal Circuit ruled in Akamai\'s favor in August 2012. It said that, in the case of software and so-called "method patents," a defendant could be liable for infringement even if it carried out only some steps of the patent, while encouraging a downstream user to perform the rest.', u'Limelight petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the case, supported by companies such as Google Inc and Cisco Systems Inc, which said the ruling could lead to more infringement suits.', u'The high court overturned the decision last June, ruling that a defendant is not liable for inducing infringement when not a single party has directly infringed the patent.', u'On Wednesday, the Federal Circuit said Limelight did not directly infringe, and that if Limelight could be found jointly liable with its downstream users, innocent customers doing as little as swiping a debit card could be targeted by predatory patent suits.', u'Such lawsuits and patent demand letters aimed at customers are a major concern of current Congressional bills to reform the patent system.', u'Limelight Chief Executive Officer Bob Lento said in a statement the company was pleased the appeals court again found in its favor. Akamai said it would ask the full slate of Federal Circuit judges to review the decision.', u'The case is Akamai Technologies, Inc et al. v. Limelight Networks, Inc, in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, No. 2009-1372.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Andre Grenon and Marguerita Choy)']), ([u'Nokia Plans Job Cuts in Technologies Unit'], [u"HELSINKI \u2014  Finland's Nokia is planning to cut up to 70 jobs from its technologies unit in Finland, its spokeswoman said on Wednesday.", u'"Nokia Technologies has revised its long-term strategy and will consequently reshape organization. As part of this, talks have been initiated with the staff," spokeswoman Riitta Mard said.', u"The unit, which includes Nokia's patents and brand-licensing business, has employs 650 globally and about 400 in Finland.", u'(Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl, editing by Louise Heavens)']), ([u"Alibaba, Wanda Heads' Investment Firms Lead $129 Mln Fundraising in LeTV Sports Firm"], [u"BEIJING/SHANGHAI \u2014  Wanda Group's Wang Jianlin and an investment firm founded by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Jack Ma took part in a 800 million yuan ($129 million) funding round for a little-known sports entertainment company backed by local tech firm LeTV.", u'The funding, conducted in two parts, valued LeTV Sports at about 2.8 billion yuan ($451.37 million), Leshi Internet Information & Technology Corp Beijing (LeTV) said in a statement on Wednesday.', u'Yunfeng Capital, a private equity company established by Ma, as well as Wanda Investment, a firm controlled by Wang, the chairman of Dalian Wanda Commercial Properties Co Ltd, were the lead investors, it added. LeTV Sports produces and broadcasts sports events including football, basketball, tennis and golf.', u"The investment is the latest into sports for both Ma and Wang, two of China's wealthiest businessmen. The sector has seen a boom in private investment after receiving vocal support from Chinese President Xi Jinping.", u'"With the favorable policies from the government and outstanding executive team of LeTV Sports, it is natural for us to invest in companies like LeTV Sports," said Kan Zhidong, president of venture capital firm Fortune Link, another investor who took part in the latest funding round.', u"Prometheus Capital, a private equity fund directed by Wang's son, was also involved, the company said.", u"Last June, Alibaba paid $192 million for a 50 percent stake in Chinese football Guangzhou Evergrande after a speedy deal hatched over a few drinks between Ma and Evergrande's chairman Xu Jiayin.", u'Dalian Wanda has also been heavily investing in entertainment and sports. In February, Wanda agreed to buy Swiss sports marketing firm Infront Sports & Media AG for 1.05 billion euros ($1.18 billion).', u'(Reporting by Paul Carsten and Matthew Miller in BEIJING and Adam Jourdan in SHANGHAI; Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u'Facebook to Let Nine News Companies Publish News to Mobile Feeds'], [u'(Reuters) - Facebook Inc tied up with nine news publishers to launch "Instant Articles" that will let them publish articles directly to the social network\'s mobile news feeds.', u'Instant Articles will let stories load more than 10 times faster than standard mobile web articles and will include content from publishers such as the New York Times, BuzzFeed and National Geographic, Facebook said in a blog post on its website. (', u')', u'"Instant Articles lets them deliver fast, interactive articles while maintaining control of their content and business models," said Facebook Chief Product Officer Chris Cox.', u'The news publishers can either sell and embed advertisements in the articles and keep all of the revenue, or allow Facebook to sell ads.', u'The Internet social networking company will also let the news companies track data and traffic through comScore and other analytics tools.', u'The other launch partners for Instant Articles are NBC, The Atlantic, The Guardian, BBC News, Spiegel and Bild, Facebook said.', u'(Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bengaluru; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'Sharp Scales Down Capital Reduction Plan: Report'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp is scaling down plans to reduce its capital as part of a restructuring package, a report said on Wednesday, a day before it was due to unveil details of the new business strategy.', u'The Nikkei business daily reported that Sharp would reduce its capital to 500 million yen ($4.2 million) from over 120 billion yen, instead of a previously planned cut to 100 million yen, which would have qualified it for tax breaks granted to small and medium-sized enterprises.', u'The reported change would come as the company scrambles to finalise the terms of a $1.7 billion bailout it has been negotiating with its lenders. Details of the rescue plan, along with restructuring measures including job cuts, are expected to be announced on Thursday.', u'Company officials were not immediately available for comment.', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell)']), ([u'Facebook Begins Testing Instant Articles From News Publishers'], [u'MENLO PARK, Calif. \u2014 ', u'\u2019s long-rumored plan to directly host articles from news organizations will start on Wednesday, concluding months of delicate negotiations between the Internet giant and publishers that covet its huge audience but fear its growing power.', u'Nine media companies, including NBC News and The New York Times, have agreed to the deal, despite concerns that their participation could eventually undermine their own businesses.', u'The program ', u' but is expected to expand quickly. ', u'will see glossy cover videos and photos tagged with map coordinates. Most important for impatient smartphone users, the company says, the so-called instant articles will load up to 10 times faster than they normally would since readers stay on ', u' rather than follow a link to another site.', u'Facebook has gone to unusual lengths to court the publishers participating in the project, some details of which were previously published by ', u' and ', u'.', u'The news publishers can either sell and embed advertisements in the articles, keeping all of the revenue, or allow Facebook to sell ads, with the social network getting 30 percent of the proceeds. Facebook is also permitting the news companies to collect data about the people reading the articles with the same tools they use to track visitors to their own sites.', u'For publishers, the Facebook initiative represents the latest in a series of existential balancing acts. The social network, which has more than 1.4 billion active users worldwide, captures more attention of mobile users \u2014 and prompts more visits to news sites \u2014 than virtually any other service.', u'Publishers have little choice but to cooperate with Facebook, said Vivian Schiller, a former executive at NBC, The New York Times and Twitter who now advises media companies and brands. \u201cThat\u2019s where the audience is,\u201d Ms. Schiller said. \u201cIt\u2019s too massive to ignore.\u201d', u'But Facebook\u2019s role as a powerful distributor of news makes many people in the industry uneasy. The fear is that it could become more of a destination than their own sites for the work they produce, drawing away readers and advertising.', u'James Bennet, editor in chief of The Atlantic, one of the project\u2019s initial publications, said that the fear is that publishing pieces through instant articles means \u201closing control over the means of your distribution.\u201d On the other hand, he said, \u201cwe\u2019re trying to get out stories to as many people as possible, and at the same time, continue to build a core, loyal, enthusiastic audience.\u201d', u'Facebook has a long history of changing the algorithm that determines what people see in their feeds. Zynga, the mobile gaming company, built its business on Facebook only to lose much of its traffic when the company changed the rules to make a user\u2019s game activity less visible to friends.', u'Last year, Facebook decided to downgrade the prominence of viral content like cat videos and promote \u201chigh quality\u201d news content. A month ago, it changed course again to highlight personal posts by users\u2019 friends and family.', u'Chris Cox, Facebook\u2019s chief product officer, was unapologetic about the shifting rules. In an interview at the company\u2019s Silicon Valley headquarters, he said that Facebook\u2019s mission was to give its users what they wanted most.', u'\u201cWe see ourselves as first helping people connect with friends and family,\u201d Mr. Cox said. \u201cAnd second, helping people be informed about the world around them.\u201d', u'The Atlantic is going into the Facebook deal with its eyes open, Mr. Bennet said, referring to the prospect that Facebook might be in a position to dictate less favorable terms if its importance to publishers increases.', u'Five American organizations are initially participating in the instant articles project and will publish one item each on Wednesday in the new format: BuzzFeed, National Geographic, The Atlantic, NBC News and The Times.', u'Four European outlets are also joining: The Guardian, ', u' News, Bild and Spiegel Online. Over time, Facebook expects to add other publishers to the project, which is officially a test, and expand it beyond the iPhone version.', u'For The Times, Facebook represents from 14 to 16 percent of its web traffic \u2014 a figure that has doubled in recent months, according to Mark Thompson, chief executive of The New York Times Company.', u'\u201cThis is a chance to expand and explore whether Facebook can become an even bigger part,\u201d Mr. Thompson said. On balance, the company felt that it was an experiment worth taking part in, he added. Articles on Facebook will not initially count against the 10 free items people who are not Times subscribers are allowed to read each month.', u'Facebook is offering publishers new tools to showcase their work, including interactive maps and the ability to post high-resolution photos that readers can zoom into and view from any angle.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re not trying to position Facebook as a replacement for a newspaper, or a radio show that you love, or TV, at all,\u201d Mr. Cox said. \u201cWe can be complementary.\u201d', u'Facebook clearly plays an important role as a gatekeeper to news. Nearly half of American Internet users said they got news about politics and government on Facebook during the course of a week, almost as many as got such news from local television, ', u'.', u'Jonah Peretti, chief executive of BuzzFeed, said the instant articles format enhances the current approach of simply posting links.', u'\u201cThe look and feel of this feels more like an app,\u201d Mr. Peretti said in an interview. \u201cI think that our bundle of content will get even more compelling when it loads faster.\u201d', u'Declan Moore, chief media officer of the National Geographic Society, said the appeal of instant articles was the speed with which items, even those with complex video and interactive maps, loaded once a mobile Facebook user clicked on them. \u201cThe No. 1 thing on mobile is it has to be fast,\u201d he said.', u'National Geographic, which gets about 25 percent of its traffic from Facebook, is one of the most popular news outlets on the service, with 35 million fans. Mr. Moore said that National Geographic had a long history of putting its content on as many platforms as possible.', u'It intends to use Facebook as a way to encourage more people to sign up for membership, he said. Indeed, its first instant article, about bees, will include two ads encouraging people to join.', u'The New York Times has been cautious about the Facebook program, viewing it as an experiment that could help it learn more about subscribers and potential subscribers who are reading its articles on Facebook.', u'Unlike many news publishers, The Times generates significant revenue from digital subscriptions as well as online advertising, and the company is keenly interested in finding new ways to convert casual visitors to paid subscribers.', u'The publishers said they did not plan to put more than a few articles a week into the new format, at least at first.', u'Facebook says it wants to be a good partner to news organizations. It began discussing its idea with around 20 publishers last August and tried to address the concerns they raised.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re starting with something that we think is going to work for some publishers for some articles and for some business models,\u201d Mr. Cox said. \u201cWe\u2019re not trying to go, like, suck in and devour everything.\u201d']), ([u'For Verizon and AOL, Mobile Is a Magic Word'], [u'In a ', u' after announcing that ', u' would ', u', Tim Armstrong, ', u'\u2019s chief executive, offered a rhapsodic hymn on a single subject: mobile.', u'The future of nearly all media, and consequently the future of nearly all advertising, he said, is about our phones. \u201cIf there is one key to our journey to building the largest digital media platform in the world, it is mobile,\u201d he wrote, by way of explaining why ', u', a company known for its news and entertainment sites and its dial-up subscribers, was merging with a cellphone carrier.', u'Mr. Armstrong ended his memo, which was otherwise puffed with jargon indecipherable to many outside the world of advertising and media, with a clear message that could double as the catchphrase of his entire industry: \u201cLet\u2019s mobilize.\u201d', u'His words \u2014 and the deal with ', u' he just helped engineer \u2014 are just the latest corporate reaction to a staggering shift in the way people across the globe get their news and entertainment. Over the last couple of years, we have collectively decided to use our phones to reach the Internet more than we ever used our computers to do the same thing. And like a horde of aggrieved vultures that has just seen its carrion spirited away to some other part of the savanna, the tech and media business is equally panicked and excited about the vast possibilities for making money from the shift.', u'At the moment, except for Google and Facebook \u2014 which together control more than 55 percent of the $42.6 billion worldwide mobile ad market, according to eMarketer \u2014 few companies have managed to navigate the transition from desktop computers to phones. The shift has shaken up just about everything for everyone, such as ', u' and Yahoo; carriers like Verizon and AT&T; and eCommerce ventures like Amazon. Some industries \u2014 music and newspapers among them \u2014 were just figuring out the switch from physical media like CDs and print to the web. But the switch from the web to our phones is happening even faster than the transition away from physical media, and in many ways it is more profound.', u'As Benedict Evans, an analyst at the venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz, is fond of pointing out in a presentation he calls \u201c', u',\u201d the smartphone industry is now shipping nearly three times as many devices as the personal computer industry did at its peak. Smartphones have led to more consumption of media than we ever thought possible; we spend just about half the time we\u2019re not sleeping glued to some kind of screen.', u'Phones bring novel technical and user-interface challenges, some of which account for Verizon\u2019s interest in AOL: How do you display an interesting ad on a tiny screen? On an interface fragmented by apps, how do you figure out who users are \u2014 and how to serve them with the best ads \u2014 as they switch from games to mobile web browsers to social platforms like Facebook, Twitter and Snapchat?', u'The rise of smartphones may also bring about something deeper \u2014 what could be an existential question for the advertising industry, the business that funds most of modern media.', u'\u201cThe question I came to when I started working on ads is, \u2018Are ads even relevant now? Do they even make sense on mobile?\u2019\xa0\u201d Andrew Bosworth, who heads Facebook\u2019s advertising engineering division, told me in a recent interview.', u'After all, phones give us perfect information about everything wherever we are, so why would we ever fall for ads, he wondered? \u201cI step off a train in New York City now, I do not want for an ability to find anything. I have information about everything,\u201d Mr. Bosworth said. \u201cSo if all information is indexable and searchable, then what purpose does an ad serve?\u201d', u'In that world, Mr. Bosworth said, advertising is valuable only if it provides direct meaning to customers \u2014 if, when you pull out your phone in New York City and check Facebook, the phone knows that you\u2019re looking for food and presents you with an ad for a restaurant that cuts through the clutter of all your potential choices, instead giving you a recommendation that is tailored specifically for you.', u'In other words, in a world in which we all carry phones and can get accurate information at any time, ads have less leeway to cajole us into doing something we might otherwise not have done.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s expensive to get an ad in front of the right person,\u201d Mr. Bosworth said. \u201cIf someone spends money to get an ad in front of you that\u2019s not right for you, they\u2019re punished for it.\u201d', u'Instead, ads now consult vast databases of personal information, and they rely on sophisticated pricing mechanisms, merely to suggest one option out of many thousands that may appeal to us.', u'People in the ad-tech industry said that in buying AOL, Verizon\u2019s immediate goal may be to marry its data about customers to AOL\u2019s capacity to serve ads to increase this sort of relevancy.', u'\u201cI think AOL was a little on their back foot on mobile,\u201d said Ari Paparo, chief executive of an ad technology company called Beeswax. He added that the most successful companies with mobile ads tended to be those that knew a lot about their customers \u2014 that explains why Google and Facebook, which have close to perfect insight into what we do online, are such powerhouses.', u'With Verizon, AOL may be getting a similar trove of data. Through its cellular network and its various broadband offerings, Verizon can help AOL figure out lots of details about a user who lands in an app whose ads are powered by AOL\u2019s ad services. Is the person male or female? How wealthy is she, and what are her broad interests?', u'\u201cWhen you put these two sides together, it could potentially help them serve you better ads, and serve you ads in different places,\u201d said Eric Franchi, co-founder of Undertone, an ad technology company.', u'Yet Verizon\u2019s bet on AOL is hardly guaranteed to play out in the way the companies intend. This is both because of the general difficulties associated with any merger and because the industry AOL is going after is in a state of constant flux. Nobody really knows what will work in the larger business of funding media through ads on these new devices we\u2019re carrying around.', u'\u201cIf you\u2019re a media company and you see that more than 50 percent of all mobile ads are going to Facebook and Google, you need to really recheck your assumptions about how you\u2019re going to compete,\u201d Mr. Paparo said. \u201cTo that extent, I think this is an effort to be competitive \u2014 to have some ability to just compete.\u201d']), ([u"WeChat Is Tencent's Ace in China's Online Entertainment Race"], [u"BEIJING/LOS ANGELES \u2014  In a multi-billion dollar dogfight with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd for leadership in China's online entertainment market, mobile messaging app WeChat is Tencent Holdings Ltd's trump card.", u'The wildly popular app allows Tencent to channel 500 million monthly active users to its entertainment services, a huge consumer base for subscriptions or marketing - pay dirt for media and advertising partners.', u"Combined with a willingness to throw cash at top-tier film, television, game and music content, Tencent has locked down exclusive deals with some of the biggest names in Hollywood, eager to piggyback on the $190 billion Chinese group's growing success.", u'Shenzhen-based Tencent, whose WeChat and QQ social networks are as ubiquitous in China as Facebook Inc is elsewhere, has spent billions of dollars in recent years building up its content library and on stakes in entertainment firms, though the company declines to give specific details on its investment.', u"Last month, Tencent added streaming rights to Twenty-First Century Fox Inc's FOX, FOX Sports and the National Geographic Channel to its media arsenal, which already includes various rights for Sony Corp's Sony Music Entertainment, Warner Music Group, Time Warner Inc's HBO network and the U.S. National Basketball Association.", u'"We\'ve paid aggressively to buy some of the most popular content, the most established brands," Tencent\'s Chief Strategy Officer James Mitchell told Reuters in a recent interview.', u"Founded 17 years ago by\xa0CEO Pony Ma, Tencent already operates an online gaming business to rival those of Sony, Microsoft Corp and Nintendo Co. It also owns China's biggest music streaming service by subscribers, and by some measures runs the country's most popular Internet video platform.", u'The pairing of Tencent\'s active dealmaking with the success of WeChat and QQ is critical, says Mathew Alderson, who leads the China media and entertainment practice at Harris Moure in Beijing. "I consider them to be ahead because of the reach and sophistication of their social networking tools," he said.', u"The stakes are huge. Revenue in China's online entertainment industry is set to double to more than $46 billion by 2018 for online games and video streaming alone, according to iResearch data, prompting China's biggest Internet companies to spend lavishly on TV shows, films, games, music and sports rights.", u'"When we have the key content, our traffic makes it more popular than it would otherwise be," said Mitchell, noting that Tencent\'s online advertising business revenues jumped 65 percent last year, to 8.3 billion yuan ($1.34 billion). Video advertising revenue has at least doubled year-on-year in all of the past six quarters.', u'Tencent reports January-March earnings later on Wednesday.', u'KNOWING THE SPACE', u"Alibaba, meanwhile, is flush with cash after its record $25 billion share sale in New York last year and, alongside its affiliates, has spent more than $3.5 billion since the start of 2014 on stakes in video, music and gaming firms, including a minority share of Youku Tudou Inc, one of China's biggest Internet video services.", u"Alibaba's entertainment business claims music distribution deals with Germany's BMG and two of Taiwan's biggest labels. It has also teamed up with Hollywood studio Lions Gate Entertainment Corp to offer a subscription streaming service in China. Its operations are led by former members of Tencent's video business, who left following a leadership reshuffle around 2013. They include Patrick Liu, current head of Alibaba's digital entertainment unit and former head of Tencent Video.", u"Other firms staking a claim in China's online entertainment market include Internet search leader Baidu Inc and its online video unit iQiyi;\xa0Sohu.com\xa0Inc; and Leshi Internet Information and Technology Corp Beijing.", u'Dealing with Tencent won\'t be easy, says Mark Natkin, managing director of Beijing-based Marbridge Consulting. "They understand what users want in terms of entertainment content, they understand how to deliver it," he said. "Tencent knows that space better than anybody."', u"Tencent's content library, which also includes South Korean YouTube sensation Psy through a tie up with YG Entertainment Inc, is arguably deeper than that of its rivals.", u'"You clearly see the growth of (Tencent\'s) position," said TCL Multimedia CEO Hao Yi, who works with many of China\'s Internet companies, about the firm\'s video business. "A couple of years ago they were nowhere. The WeChat thing, indeed, this is a killer."', u'In recent months, Alibaba and Tencent have taken their rivalry overseas, both setting up offices in Los Angeles to slug it out for programming deals with Hollywood studios and producers.', u'While both groups have financial firepower, WeChat could be a clincher for Tencent in winning deals with content producers.', u'"You can use content to drive very good margins - if you have the right pipes," said one Hollywood executive.', u'(Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Samsung Announces New Push Into Internet-Connected Gadgets'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Samsung wants to sell the digital brains that will go into billions of "smart" home appliances, industrial sensors and other Internet-connected gadgets \u2014 even if the gadgets aren\'t made by Samsung.', u'At a technology conference Tuesday in San Francisco, the South Korean company unveiled a new line of tiny electronic components that combine low-power computer chips, transmitters and software. Manufacturers can build the components into everything from televisions to parking meters to orthopedic shoes.', u'The new Artik components are key to Samsung\'s goal of becoming a major player in the so-called "Internet of Things," the tech industry\'s buzzword for the notion that all kinds of electronic devices can be connected over the Internet. This could be a $3 trillion industry in the next five years, analysts at International Data Corp. have estimated.', u'Samsung is going after that market at a time when earnings from its core smartphone business have sagged in the face of challenges from Apple and upstart Chinese phone makers. Samsung also makes other electronic components, TVs, refrigerators and other home appliances.', u'Company President Young Sohn declined to be specific when asked how big Samsung hopes the Artik business will become. But he noted that analysts have estimated there will be billions of Internet-connected gadgets and machines in coming years.', u'"Those numbers are subject to change, but anything that is in the billions . I will take that," Sohn said with a laugh.', u'Other companies also want a piece of that market. Chipmakers Intel and Qualcomm are also making energy-efficient processors for the coming wave of connected gadgets. IBM, Hewlett-Packard and Cisco want to sell systems for collecting and analyzing data from those gadgets.', u"Samsung said it will use the Artik components in all the home appliances it makes, but the company hopes other manufacturers will use them too. Sohn said the components are designed to be compatible with other systems. Samsung's SmartThings division also announced a new Internet-based platform that other companies can use to create programs and track data collected from smart devices.", u'In demonstration videos, Samsung showed the ARTIK components being used in motion sensors designed for orthopedic patients to wear on their shoes, allowing therapists to monitor their walking ability, and in devices that farmers can use to monitor moisture levels in the soil.']), ([u'Philippines Issues Rules on Ride-Sharing Services, as Taxis Threaten Court'], [u'MANILA \u2014  The Philippines issued new rules for ride-sharing services such as Uber on Wednesday, becoming the first country to regulate specifically for such app-based car-hailing operations and prompting threats of legal action from the taxi industry.', u'Under the regulations, private sedans, SUVs and vans less than seven years old can be accredited and tapped by ride-sharing firms like Uber and GrabCar.', u"Transportation Secretary Joseph Emilio Abaya said such services were needed due to the lack of adequate mass transport in Manila, Southeast Asia's second most congested city after Jakarta according to research firm Numbeo.", u'"We should not see it as something that will damage the old taxi industry, but merely to offer better services and compel them to modernize and innovate," Abaya said at a briefing this week ahead of the launch of the regulations.', u"U.S.-based Uber, the world's most valuable venture-backed start-up valued at $40 billion, already faces legal challenges around the world over how it pays drivers, charges passengers and ensures their safety, and for violations of transport laws.", u'It uses technology to connect private citizens using their own cars with customers seeking a ride, to the ire of traditional taxi operators who say its drivers do not have to pay license fees or comply with local regulations.', u"Uber sees a lucrative market in the Philippines, given Manila's population of as many as 15 million people, Laurence Cua, Uber's Philippine general manager, told Reuters.", u'"These new regulations put the safety of consumers first, while recognizing the value of companies like Uber and the power of their technology to improve the quality of transportation in the city," Cua said.', u"But Uber and similar companies are unlikely to find it a breeze to operate in Southeast Asia's fastest-growing economy, with the local taxi industry threatening to sue the government to protect around 27,000 cabs plying their trade in the capital.", u'"Only in the Philippines is the taxi industry unprotected. Everywhere else, the government understood the investment of the taxi industry in their operations," Jesus Manuel Suntay, head of the National Taxi Operators Association, told Reuters.', u'The Japan International Cooperation Agency estimates traffic congestion in Manila results in 2.4 billion pesos ($57 million) worth of productivity losses daily.', u'(Additional reporting by Karen Lema in MANILA and Aradhana Aravindan in SINGAPORE; Editing by Rosemarie Francisco and Alex Richardson)']), ([u'Phone and Web Companies Race to Reconnect Quake-Hit Nepal'], [u"LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Buildings wrecked by Tuesday's earthquake in Nepal, already weakened by last month's huge quake which killed over 8,000, will take years to rebuild. But another type of infrastructure will bounce back much sooner: communication networks.", u'Enabling aid workers and civilians to access the internet, make a phone call or send a text is now seen as a vital part of any humanitarian response. The World Food Programme (WFP) has deployed some innovative kit to make this possible in Nepal.', u'The WFP, in collaboration with the Luxembourg government, the phone company Ericsson and Nethope, a grouping of NGOs, has developed mobile data antennas small enough to be taken on a commercial flight.', u'"They look like beach balls," said the WFP\'s Mariko Hall, describing them as "inflatable, light and quick to deploy". They work like a wifi network, providing an internet connection to teams in remote areas where existing signals are down.', u'The teams can then collect, upload and analyze data on deaths, disease and damage to buildings, with help from teams operating remotely, enabling fast response techniques unthinkable a decade ago.', u'Phone lines get congested when disasters strike, so response teams in Nepal have a tactic of "text not talk". Using the beach balls, they can also email, which is quicker than trying to get a call or SMS through a clogged network.', u'"In situations like now where you have an aftershock, you can speak to teams and they can say \'you know what, we\'re OK, we\'re fine\'," said Hall, who had been in touch earlier in the day with teams in Chautara, badly hit by the latest quake.', u'NO COLD CALLS', u"With serendipitous timing, telecoms experts from around the world gathered in Nepal's capital, Kathmandu, in mid-April for a conference on how the country's phone network could prepare for the big earthquake they knew would come one day.", u'"Although we knew the risk of an earthquake in\xa0Kathmandu Valley was very high, we never expected it would be so soon," said Kyla Reid, head of disaster response at the GSM Association, a worldwide grouping of mobile operators.', u'The 7.8 magnitude quake struck just nine days later, on April 25. There had been no time for long-term network improvements, but the fact that staff of phone companies, NGOs and the government had met so recently was helpful, said Reid.', u'Despite the power of the quake, the phone network largely stayed functioning, and "is holding up pretty well" even after Tuesday\'s shock, said Henrik Westman of Swedish company TeliaSonera, which owns NCell, Nepal\'s largest telecom operator.', u'According to Westman, after Tuesday\'s quake "300 sites have problems, mainly with power supply. But nearly 90 percent of the mobile network is running good, although congested."', u'NETWORK IN A BACKPACK', u'British phone company Vodafone has sent "Instant Network" equipment - portable devices enabling mobile phones to connect to the network when regular coverage is down - to areas in the Kathmandu valley worst affected by the April 25 earthquake.', u'The Instant Network Mini is an 11 kg (22 lb) battery-powered device in a backpack which can be set up in just 10 minutes, providing a phone signal within a radius of 100 meters, Vodafone said in a statement.', u'The larger Instant Network, weighing 100 kg, can travel in a car or on commercial flights and provides mobile coverage within a radius of one kilometer (0.62 mile), Vodafone said. The same technology was used in the Philippines after Typhoon Haiyan in 2013.', u'"I don\u2019t think you can say mobile is a single silver bullet for emergency preparedness or response, but it\'s critical that it\'s prioritized," said Kyla Reid of the GSM Association.', u"(Reporting By Joseph D'Urso; Editing by Tim Pearce)"]), ([u'Cook Says Apple in Talks With Alibaba Over Apple Pay in China: Xinhua'], [u"SHANGHAI \u2014  Apple Inc is in talks with Chinese banks and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on launching the firm's mobile payments system in China, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the official Xinhua news agency in an interview published on Tuesday.", u'"We very much want to get Apple Pay in China," Cook told Xinhua during a visit to the country. "I\'m very bullish on Apple Pay in China."', u'Apple could not immediately be reached to comment on the report.', u'Apple Pay, which allows consumers using Apple devices to buy goods by holding the device up to readers installed by store merchants, was launched in the United States last September and quickly began to handle more transactions than all other "contact less" payment methods combined, Apple said.', u'Cook said he believed it could take off even faster in China.', u"Alibaba executive chairman Jack Ma said in October that the Chinese e-commerce giant was open to working with Apple on Apple Pay. Alibaba affiliate Alipay is China's largest payments service.", u"Analysts expect China to take over the Americas to become Apple's biggest market. In the first three months of the year, for the first time, Apple sold more iPhones in China than in the United States.", u'The firm hopes to keep adding stores in China, where it aims to have 40 by next year, from 22 currently, Cook told Xinhua.', u"Cook's China visit was to focus on Apple Pay's entry as well as environmental initiatives to protect forests, he added.", u'(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Canada Raises More Than C$750 Million in Telecom Spectrum Auction'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  The Canadian government said on Tuesday it had raised C$755.4 million ($627.77 million) in a 2500-megahertz spectrum auction set to boost telecom coverage in rural areas across the vast country.', u"Telus Corp, one of Canada's three biggest telecom companies, emerged as the big winner from the auction. It paid C$478.8 million for 122 licenses across the country, snagging over 40 percent of the licenses sold through the auction.", u"Larger rivals Rogers Communications Inc and BCE Inc's Bell unit also captured some airwaves but were largely constrained by bidding rules due to the spectrum they already own.", u'Details of the auction results were posted on the Internet. (', u')', u'The government said leading rural broadband provider Xplornet Communications Inc was the big winner among the smaller regional companies, taking 42 licenses across the nation and boosting its holdings by more than 60 percent.', u"Quebecor Inc's Videotron, which has been mulling expansion, picked up licenses in major cities outside its home market of Quebec, including Vancouver, Edmonton and Calgary.", u'Others that snagged valuable spectrum in the auction include regional telecom companies like Tbaytel, Eastlink and Manitoba Telecom Services.', u'(Reporting by Euan Rocha and Alastair Sharp, Editing by W Simon and Lisa Von Ahn)']), ([u"Facebook May Sue Lawyers Over Fugitive's Lawsuit: NY Judge"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Facebook Inc may pursue a lawsuit against law firms that represented a New York man who recently turned fugitive rather than face federal charges that he tried to defraud founder Mark Zuckerberg out of half of the company, a judge ruled on Monday.', u'New York Supreme Court Justice Eileen Rakower said Facebook and Zuckerberg could move forward with a lawsuit alleging law firms, including DLA Piper LLP and Milberg LLP, maliciously prosecuted claims by Paul Ceglia that were based on forged documents.', u'Rakower said that, accepting Facebook\'s claims as true, its complaint adequately alleged the law firms "knew there was no basis - and therefore no probable cause- for Ceglia\'s claims."', u'Facebook in statement said it was pleaded with the ruling and would "continue to\xa0hold accountable DLA Piper and the other firms who pursued Paul Ceglia\'s fraudulent claims against Facebook."', u"A DLA Piper spokesman did not respond to a request for comment. Milberg's lawyer declined comment, and a lawyer for a third firm, Lippes Mathias Wexler Friedman LLP, did not respond to a request for comment.", u'The ruling came a week after what would have been the May 4 start of a criminal trial in Manhattan federal court of Ceglia, a 41-year-old wood pellet salesman from Wellsville, New York.', u'Instead, Ceglia removed his electronic ankle bracelet in early March and disappeared, along with his wife, two children and a dog. His whereabouts remain unknown.', u"The criminal case arose from Ceglia's June 2010 civil lawsuit in upstate New York against Menlo Park, California-based Facebook and Zuckerberg.", u"Ceglia alleged that a 2003 contract with Zuckerberg, then a Harvard University freshman who had done programming work for Ceglia's ", u', entitled him to half of Facebook.', u'The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York last month upheld the dismissal of that lawsuit, saying "overwhelming forensic evidence" showed the contract was forged.', u'Over the years, the lawsuit was handled by several prominent law firms, including DLA Piper, one of the largest firms in the world.', u'Facebook sued those firms in October, saying they knew or should have known Ceglia\'s lawsuit was a fraud, but plowed ahead "for the purpose of extorting a lucrative and unwarranted settlement."', u'Facebook also said those lawyers stayed with the case even after a lawyer at Kasowitz Benson Torres & Friedman, who also represented Ceglia, warned he had found "smoking-gun" evidence of fraud. Kasowitz Benson soon withdrew from the case.', u'The case is Facebook Inc v. DLA Piper LLP, New York Supreme Court, No. 653183/2014.', u'(Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York. Editing by Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Web Hosting Company Rackspace Forecasts Revenue Below Street'], [u'(Reuters) - Rackspace Hosting Inc, a web hosting company, forecast revenue for the current quarter below market estimates and said a strong dollar hurt its revenue growth in the first quarter.', u'Shares of the company, which faces tough competition from Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp were down 13 percent in extended trading on Monday.', u'Revenue from a contract with a "large" financial services company will be realized only in the third quarter, hurting revenue growth in the second quarter, Rackspace Chief Executive Taylor Rhodes said in a post-earnings call.', u'Rackspace Hosting will also take a one-time charge in the quarter as a customer moved some of its "production elements" away from a Rackspace data center in the United Kingdom.', u'The company said it expects revenue to grow between 1.5 percent and 2.5 percent in the current quarter on a constant currency basis from first quarter. That would translate to revenue of $487.4 million-$492.2 million.', u'Analysts on average were expecting revenue of $502.1 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Rackspace leases online storage space to companies and provides its clients management and support services for their cloud-based operations. It gets about a third of its revenue from outside the United States.', u'The company said foreign currency exchange rates hurt its revenue growth. Revenue increased 14.1 percent to $480.2 million in the first quarter ended March 31. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 16.6 percent.', u'Analysts had expected revenue of $481.6 million.', u'The dollar has risen about 23 percent against a basket of major currencies in the past year.', u'Net income rose to $28.4 million, or 20 cents per share, from $25.4 million, or 18 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'Analysts expected a profit of 20 cents per share.', u'Rackspace shares closed at $53.13 on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. They have risen 89 percent in the past 12 months.', u'(Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'Startup NerdWallet Raises $64 Million in First Round of Funding'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  NerdWallet said it had raised $64 million in its first round of funding, far more cash than it needs to run the personal finance startup, in part to underscore its growth and show it has the potential to one day be valued at over $1 billion.', u'The cash, an outsized sum for initial funding, will serve as a signaling device as much as it will help NerdWallet expand, said founder and Chief Executive Officer Tim Chen.', u'\u201cI really think that winning in this market is about attracting the best talent out there,\u201d said Chen about his personal-finance advice company. \u201cThe more talent, the better.\u201d', u'The funding round values NerdWallet in the mid-hundred millions, a person familiar with the situation said. Once a company hits a $1 billion valuation, it becomes what Silicon Valley calls a "unicorn."', u'Since the beginning of 2014, just eight U.S. startups have raised Series A funding rounds of $50 million or more, according to CB Insights, a consultancy.', u"While the San Francisco-based company has already attracted top engineers and product managers from companies such as LinkedIn Corp and Twitter Inc, having such a large first check from a top-tier venture capital firm, IVP, will help it recruit more in Silicon Valley's tough job market, he said.", u'A recruiter says the strategy makes sense.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s like a seal of approval,\u201d said Karen Myers, co-founder of the Talent Farm.', u"When helping recruit for Lytro, the industrial camera company, the ability to tout the company's $50 million initial funding round helped considerably. \u201cIt was a big deal,\u201d Myers said.", u'With a few exceptions, companies generally raise sums in the single-digit millions for their first serious funding round, known as a Series A.', u'Those exceptions include companies with established revenue-generating businesses, such as developer platform GitHub, which raised a $100 million Series A in 2012.', u'NerdWallet, whose competitors include companies such as Bankrate Inc and Credit Karma, makes money from fees earned by matching consumers with appropriate financial products, such as credit cards. It is profitable, Chen said.', u'The company helps consumers understand how to pick the best life insurance, say, or financial decisions they need to make around a major life event such as buying a house or having a baby.', u'NerdWallet also has a $36 million revolving loan from Silicon Valley Bank.', u"Venture firm IVP led NerdWallet's funding round, with participation from RRE Ventures, iGlobe Partners and others. NerdWallet was founded in 2009.", u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Christian Plumb and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Uber Tests Cash Payments for Cabs in India'], [u'MUMBAI \u2014  Uber is testing cash payments in India as the online taxi-hailing company seeks a stronger foothold in a country where many fewer people have credit cards than internet connections.', u'San Francisco-based Uber has grown rapidly in value to be worth around $40 billion. But in India it has lagged local rival Ola, which has about 80 percent of the organized cab market.', u"Many analysts say that is because Uber has not adapted its business model enough to suit India's needs.", u"Uber said on Tuesday it was piloting cash payments for cabs in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad, in a first for the company globally. Until now, Uber's mobile application around the world has charged customers through credit cards or other electronic payment methods.", u'India has about 20 million credit cards for a population of 1.3 billion. Though the government is trying to change this, most purchases are done with cash.', u'Ola and other Indian cab services accept cash for rides, while e-commerce giant Amazon introduced a cash on delivery option when it launched in India.', u'"Tradition dictates that cash plays a big role for Indian consumers," said Siddharth Shanker, Uber\'s general manager in Hyderabad.', u'In April, Uber followed Ola by tying up with autorickshaws - affordable three wheeled taxis that ply Indian roads - in some cities as it tries to reach more customers.', u"Uber was banned in New Delhi following allegations of rape against one of its drivers in December, but has found support from India's transport ministry.", u'(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Mark Potter)']), ([u'Review: What to Do if Phones Fill Up With Photos'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Shoot enough photos and videos, and your phone will eventually fill up.', u"It isn't always possible to add storage, and it isn't easy to move your vast collection elsewhere to free up space. New services from Yahoo and Apple can help by automatically moving your photos and videos online.", u'___', u"YAHOO'S FLICKR", u'Flickr offers virtually unlimited online storage for free \u2014 1 terabyte, or as Yahoo puts it, about five photos a day for the next 60 years. New tools from Yahoo automate image transfers.', u"With Flickr's app for iPhones, iPads and Android devices, old and new images alike are automatically copied to your online account, so you can delete the original files from your phone. You'll still be able to edit and share images through Flickr's app, and you can retrieve the originals anytime.", u"Meanwhile, Flickr's software for Mac and Windows computers will continually scan and upload images, including ones you add later.", u'Regardless of the source, all photos and videos are viewable in one collection through a Web browser or Flickr\'s mobile app. The newest images are on top, but you can use Flickr\'s smart sorting tools under its "Magic View." Software analyzes and categorizes images based on what\'s in them, such as food and flowers. A search tool lets you filter by such attributes as colors in the picture and the image\'s orientation.', u"To free up space, you need to delete files from your phone after getting them to Flickr, which means keeping track of which ones have already been transferred. Also, while Flickr can categorize people shots based on whether they contain kids or groups, it doesn't do face detection. You can't pull up photos of just your mom or your best friend.", u"Flickr is still rolling out the features to all of its users. I've encountered some hiccups, including videos not uploading consistently.", u"And after a few days, Flickr still hasn't finished transferring all of my photos. If your collection is sizable like mine, it can take days or weeks.", u"Get Flickr's app from your phone's app store. Go to ", u' for the Mac software and ', u' for Windows.', u'___', u"APPLE'S ICLOUD PHOTO LIBRARY", u"This is Apple's way of unifying your photo collection online. It works with Apple's Photos app for organizing and editing those images on Mac and mobile devices.", u"Apple keeps a full-resolution version online while downgrading what's on your device when space is low. You get the original back when you need it. Otherwise, it's not taking up as much space. All this is automatic, so you don't need to mess with deleting originals and potentially deleting the wrong ones.", u"You're limited to transferring images from Apple devices \u2014 iPhones, iPads and Macs \u2014 though you can view them through a Windows Web browser. You're charged for storage once you hit 5 gigabytes, or roughly 3,000 photos. It costs 99 cents a month for 20 gigabytes, though you might need more if your phone is already full.", u"Unlike Flickr, Apple can sort images based on specific individuals in them, though it doesn't do object recognition, such as automatically identifying a dog in a picture. Unlike Flickr, Apple can handle RAW file formats favored by many professionals with high-end cameras. It's not an issue, though, if you're just shooting with the phone (unless you have LG's upcoming G4 phone, which can shoot in RAW).", u"The online photo feature is built into the Photos apps that come with Mac and iOS operating systems. There's no separate download once you have the latest system updates. Just turn the feature on when prompted.", u'___', u'AND THE REST ...', u"With Google's Auto Backup and Amazon's Cloud Drive, automatic transfers are limited to Apple and Android phones \u2014 not PCs.", u"Google offers free unlimited storage in a reduced resolution. Otherwise, full-resolution images count toward a free allotment shared with Gmail and other Google services. Amazon's Cloud Drive with unlimited photo storage is $12 a year \u2014 waived for members of its $99-a-year Prime service. It's $60 a year if you want unlimited videos, too.", u'With all of these services, images are kept private \u2014 for your eyes only \u2014 until you specify otherwise.', u"Flickr is the only one that's truly free and compatible with multiple systems. But if you have an Apple device and don't mind paying, iCloud Photo Library is the easier one to use."]), ([u"Alibaba's Cloud Computing Unit to Establish Base in Dubai"], [u'DUBAI \u2014  The cloud computing unit of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding said it would establish a base in Dubai to seek business from companies and governments in the Middle East and North Africa.', u"The deal may bolster Dubai's efforts to develop as a technology center for the region, in addition to marking an expansion of Alibaba's cloud computing effort.", u"Alibaba's subsidiary Aliyun will set up a venture with Meraas, a holding company owned by Dubai's ruler Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum. Meraas is involved in about 12 local real estate projects as well as tourism, retail, leisure and entertainment businesses.", u'The joint venture will specialize in developing applications and big data operations in areas such as payment solutions, the two companies said in a statement on Tuesday. Meraas will build a data center in Dubai.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Torchia)']), ([u"Softbank's Arora Says No Rush to Sell Alibaba Stake"], [u"TOKYO \u2014  SoftBank's Chief Executive Masayoshi Son is not in a rush to sell the company's stake in Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd as the billionaire is confident in the company's growth, SoftBank Vice Chairman Nikesh Arora told Reuters on Monday in an interview.", u'"Post his board meetings he\'s never been more confident in the way he believes Alibaba will continue to grow," Arora, who is to become SoftBank\'s president in June, said.', u'"In that circumstance, there\'s no rush for us to sell it."', u'(Reporting By Teppei Kasai; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)']), ([u"Enel Offers to Help Build Italy's Fibre Broadband Network"], [u'MILAN/ROME \u2014  Italian power utility Enel has written to the Italian communications regulator offering to help with building a nationwide ultrafast broadband telecoms network, a move that could bring it into conflict with Telecom Italia.', u'Enel, which is controlled by the Italian government, wrote a letter to the regulator on April 14 saying its domestic network could be used to help install fibre optic cables more cheaply.', u'"Enel believes it can help develop a key infrastructure for the future of the country," Enel\'s head of Italy Carlo Tamburi said in the letter to AGCOM, which Reuters saw on Monday.', u'Enel said its contribution would be done "in a synergistic  way with what the telecom operators have done and planned", bringing clear benefits to less populated and industrial areas.', u'Prime Minister Matteo Renzi is backing a 12 billion-euro ($13.35 billion) project aimed at getting 85 percent of the population connected up to a fibre optic network within six years, using Metroweb, a company partly owned by state lender Cassa Depositi e Prestiti (CDP).', u'But that plan has run into disagreements with Telecom Italia over ownership, technology and the pace of investments, as well as by uncertain regulations.', u'Last week Telecom Italia said talks with the government about its plan to buy into Metroweb had not gone in the right direction but could be resumed under the right conditions.', u'On Monday La Repubblica newspaper said in a front-page article that Rome wanted to use Enel to bring the new fibre optic network under public control.', u"Telecom Italia's shares were down 1.8 percent at 1.041 euros by 1639 London time. Enel's shares were down 0.5 percent at 4.2 euros.", u'Enel, which is focusing much of its domestic strategy on developing its power distribution grid and smart digital technology, has about 1.2 million km of power lines and 450,000 power distribution cabinets across Italy.', u"The utility, which has 31 million power and gas retail clients in Italy, set up Wind, the third biggest of Italy's four mobile network operators, which is now owned by Vimpelcom.`", u'CDP, which owns the government stake in Metroweb, had been hoping to bring Telecom Italia on board along with other network operators including Vodafone, a scenario which the former national monopoly phone company is not willing to accept.', u'(Writing by Stephen Jewkes and Danilo Masoni; Editing by Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Apple Steps Up Efforts to Go Green in China'], [u"PALO ALTO, California \u2014  Apple says it's boosting efforts to go green in China by partnering with conservationists to promote sustainable forestry for paper production.", u"CEO Tim Cook also said in a statement Sunday that he will try to get Apple's Chinese suppliers and contract manufacturers to use renewable energy to power their factories.", u'That could take years, Cook conceded. But Apple hopes to set an example by investing in two Chinese solar projects that will produce more power than Apple uses in its Chinese stores and offices.', u'While releasing few details, Apple said it will work with the World Wildlife Fund on an effort to get up to 1 million acres of Chinese commercial timberland certified as being managed under sustainable environmental practices. Apple has undertaken similar projects in the United States.']), ([u'Sharp Says May Cut Its Capital, Shares Dive 20 Percent'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Japan's Sharp Corp said it was considering a capital reduction and preferred share issuance as part of its restructuring plan, sending its stock sliding more than 20 percent.", u'The loss making electronics maker is expected to announce details of its capital plans, along with a $1.7 billion bailout from its main lenders, on Thursday.', u'Its shares were down 23 percent in morning trade.', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando and Ayai Tomisawa; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u'Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments'], [u'Uber raised a total of more than $2 billion from investors in June and December last year \u2014 and is now back for another round. The anonymous messaging start-up Yik Yak collected $73.5 million in three financing rounds in seven months, and Zenefits, a human resources start-up, raised more than $580 million in less than two years, with the latest deal done last week.', u'The pace of technological change has long been happening at the lightning-fast speed of the Internet. Now, start-up financing is increasingly taking place at that speed as well.', u'Uber is just one example of the quickening tempo. The ride-hailing company is in discussions to raise around $1.5 billion in financing, which could value it at ', u'. Just five months ago the company collected ', u' for its war chest, an amount that later swelled with the addition of a strategic investor.', u'And the rate of fund-raising by Uber \u2014 and across the start-up landscape \u2014 has little precedent, driven by money pouring in from hedge funds, strategic investors and more, and by the willingness of entrepreneurs to embrace the cash.', u'\u201cWhen capital markets are this loose, people tap them, whether it\u2019s right to or not,\u201d said Mark Suster, a partner at the venture capital firm Upfront Ventures. \u201cCompanies are raising rapid rounds of capital for only one reason: They can.\u201d', u'The frequency of the fund-raising by many start-ups \u2014 now multiple rounds in months rather than years \u2014 is \u201cotherwise unheard-of,\u201d said Anand Sanwal, chief executive of CB Insights, a research firm that studies venture capital.', u'The shrinking time between funding rounds shows how Silicon Valley\u2019s current boom is not just about start-ups reaching a high valuation but also about how fast they can pull that off. The tempo is in marked contrast to the pace of start-up fund-raising last decade, when many companies would typically leave a year or two between financing rounds. When LinkedIn, the professional social networking company, raised money as a start-up in the mid-2000s, it took more than three years for its first three rounds of financing.', u'Since the beginning of 2013, however, more than 20 tech start-ups have held three rounds of funding within a year and a half, according to CB Insights, which called the group the ', u' companies. Last year, ', u' did financing rounds less than one year apart, CB Insights estimated, more than any other year since at least 2011.', u'Among the companies that completed numerous financings in tight time frames was the fitness membership start-up ClassPass, which completed three rounds in nine and a half months, CB Insights said. Slack, the collaboration software start-up, last month ', u'; just six months earlier, it had received ', u' from investors. Snapchat in December raised nearly half a billion dollars from a bevy of financiers. Just three months later, the Chinese e-commerce company Alibaba poured $200 million into the messaging start-up.', u'Spurring the more frequent fund-raising is the desire of investors \u2014 including hedge funds, mutual funds and strategic investors \u2014 to put up money more often for fear of missing out on the next big thing. One reason Uber is in talks to raise money again just a few months after a prior round is because of an overwhelming amount of investor interest, said a person with knowledge of the company who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the process is confidential.', u'Uber did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u'Many institutional funds and international companies have leapt into start-up investing as the number of initial public offerings has slowed, prompting investors to wade into private companies to find growth, according to Mark A. Siegel, managing director at the venture capital firm Menlo Ventures, which has ', u'.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t blame entrepreneurs,\u201d Mr. Siegel said. \u201cThis is something where investors are absolutely complicit in this, and in some ways are driving this.\u201d', u'He added that the phenomenon of fast fund-raising appears largely limited to the club of \u201cunicorns,\u201d or the elite companies that are worth at least $1 billion. Investments in the later financing rounds for companies jumped to $4.2 billion in the first quarter, up 50 percent from a year ago, according to data from the National Venture Capital Association, making it the biggest quarter for such investments since late 2000.', u'Entrepreneurs are often happy to take up eager investors on their offers. Stewart Butterfield, chief executive of Slack, recently said that his ', u' in the bank \u2014 just before collecting $160 million more.', u'\u201cThis is the best time to raise money ever,\u201d he said last month. \u201cIt might be the best time for any kind of business, in any industry, to raise money for all of history, like since the time of the ancient Egyptians.\u201d', u'Mr. Butterfield said Slack had \u201cno immediate use\u201d for the new money it had just raised. Still, the capital \u201creinforces the perception for our larger customers that we\u2019ll be around for the long haul,\u201d he said.', u'Parker Conrad, chief executive of Zenefits, said rapid-fire fund-raising is necessary to quickly build up a company so it is large enough to take on competitors. With the money, Zenefits has been able to persuade more than 10,000 small and midsize businesses to use its service.', u'\u201cWe want to grow really big, really fast,\u201d Mr. Conrad said in an interview last week for the company\u2019s ', u' since early 2014. \u201cThat requires a lot of capital.\u201d', u'Even if the numerous rounds of new cash are not put to immediate use, the money may come in handy one day if \u2014 or when \u2014 the free-flowing capital faucets are shut off. Investors like Bill Gurley, a partner at the venture capital firm Benchmark, have ', u', a time when money is not as easy to come by, which will cause some companies to sputter out when their bank accounts empty.', u'It is to protect against this inflection point that some companies may be raising as frequently as they can, while they can, said Mr. Suster of Upfront Ventures.', u'\u201cSome companies view these as war chests being raised to weather the inevitable corrections,\u201d he said. \u201cFor now, the tide is high and nobody knows who\u2019s naked.\u201d']), ([u"German Carmakers May Need Help to Bid for Nokia's High-Tech Maps"], [u"FRANKFURT \u2014  German car companies may need help to compete with a wealthy field of bidders for Nokia's ", u"German auto makers Daimler, owner of Mercedes-Benz, BMW and Volkswagen's premium car division Audi have clubbed together to submit an indicative bid as a consortium, two sources close to the auto companies told Reuters.", u"The German carmakers can probably justify stumping up around 700 million euros each to match HERE's book value, but could be easily outbid by technology companies who enjoy higher valuation multiples and have more cash.", u'Some investment bankers said they hoped private equity could join up with the automotive companies to create an industrial consortium which would not be dominated by one particular company.', u'Taxi service Uber has submitted a bid, worth $3 billion, the New York Times reported, citing people with knowledge of the offer.', u'At such a price, Nokia could afford to keep a stake in the business it bought for $8.1 billion in 2007 and now values at 2 billion euros in its books and still realize a gain, one banker told Reuters.', u'The companies declined to comment.', u'High-definition mapping has emerged as a key feature for autonomous driving and connected car services which could evolve into a $50 billion market, analysts at Exane BNP Paribas say.', u"HERE's high-quality maps enable automakers to offer premium services that Google maps cannot match.", u'For example, their maps can be linked to a mobile phone signal in a way that allows parents to see exactly on which side of the school their children are waiting to be picked up - and the car can route the navigation system accordingly.', u'They could also combine with real-time traffic information in a self-driving car to help customers get to work faster or spend more time writing emails on the way to the office.', u'Daimler\'s Chief Financial Officer Bodo Uebber told German daily Handelsblatt in comments published on Friday: "We are watching the situation closely. High-definition maps are a prerequisite for autonomous driving."', u'THIRD PARTY?', u"While HERE has become increasingly distant from Nokia's core operations as it prepares to integrate its giant acquisition of telecom networks rival Alcatel-Lucent, the Finnish company may still have an interest in retaining a stake.", u'Nokia has hired advisors from Evercore to test the market for potential buyers and solicited a second round of indicative bids, a person familiar with the matter said.', u'Although it remains unclear how many parties are competing, bankers say there is a rivalry between two categories of bidders: the industrials and tech companies.', u"The auto companies cannot afford for HERE to fall into the hands of a player such as taxi app company Uber or Apple, who may block their access to it. They also want to have a say in the development of the company Nokia bought for $8.1 billion in 2007 because they are HERE's largest customers.", u'"We do care who ends up owning this business," an industry source familiar with the matter told Reuters.', u'Bankers say HERE is a natural asset for Apple, which has fallen behind in the area of mapping, although the Californian technology company has given no sign of being interested.', u'With a market capitalization of $721 billion, the technology giant is worth more than Daimler, Volkswagen, Renault, Peugeot, Fiat Chrysler, Ford and General Motors put together.', u'(Reporting by Edward Taylor, Pamela Barbaglia, Eric Auchard, Andreas Cremer, Ilona Wissenbach, Irene Preisinger, Jan Schwartz and Georgina Prodhan; Editing by Sophie Walker)']), ([u'Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 Uber is fund-raising again.', u'The mobile car-hailing application is in early talks to raise a new round of financing that could value the start-up at $50 billion, according to a person familiar with the discussions, who spoke anonymously because the process is confidential. Uber could raise around $1.5 billion, given the amount of interest from investors in the company, the person said.', u'The new capital will not be used primarily for expansion purposes, unlike Uber\u2019s previous financing rounds. Instead, the funding is strategic, with an eye on partnerships, the person said.', u'Uber declined to comment. The fund-raising was first reported by The Wall Street Journal.', u'Uber, based in San Francisco, has raised money relentlessly in recent years at rapidly swelling valuations. So far, the company has raised more than $4 billion as it moves into new markets globally, disrupting established taxi and other transportation industries by letting people request rides through their smartphones. The company was founded in 2009 and is led by Travis Kalanick, who is chief executive.', u'In December, Uber closed a $1.2 billion round of financing that valued it at $40 billion. The company then moved to accommodate additional investors like Baidu, the Chinese Internet giant.', u'That round followed one in June, when the service said that it had raised $1.2 billion at a valuation of ', u'.', u'At a $50 billion valuation, Uber would be the world\u2019s most valuable private start-up, topping the Chinese electronics maker Xiaomi, which was last valued at $45 billion. It would also be worth more than publicly traded companies like FedEx, with a market value of $48 billion, and Nissan Motor, with a capitalization of $47 billion.', u'The divide between Uber and other \u201cunicorns\u201d \u2014 Silicon Valley\u2019s term for billion-dollar start-ups \u2014 would also grow. Even at its current $40 billion valuation, it was nearly triple that of other elite Silicon Valley start-ups like the data analysis firm Palantir, according to the research firm CB Insights. Among Silicon Valley start-ups, only Facebook had attained a $50 billion valuation as a private company.', u'Uber\u2019s new fund-raising discussions come as many Silicon Valley start-ups have been on a fund-raising tear. This week alone, the lending start-up Affirm said it has raised $275 million in debt and equity at an undisclosed valuation, while Zenefits, a software-as-a-service start-up, said it had raised $500 million at a valuation of $4 billion. The fund-raising has also taken place against a more compressed time period, with Zenefits boosting its war chest in less than a year from a previous financing round.', u'The action is not only taking place in the United States. This week, drone maker DJI, which is based in Shenzhen, China, said it raised $75 million from venture capital firm Accel Partners.']), ([u'An App That Helps Drivers Earn the Most From Their Trips'], [u'When Steve Smith began driving for Uber and Lyft several months ago, he concentrated on picking up passengers near his Walnut Creek neighborhood in the San Francisco Bay Area.', u'\u201cAt first I thought I was earning money,\u201d says Mr. Smith, who also works in the ', u'.', u'But then he signed up for ', u' that helps ride-hailing drivers calculate their real incomes. He discovered that his net pay was much lower than the $20 an hour he had estimated.', u'\u201cI was probably making $10 an hour in Walnut Creek, if I took into account my total travel time,\u201d Mr. Smith says.', u'Lyft and Uber market themselves as frictionless routes to high-paying work. ', u' entices would-be drivers with the promise \u201cMake up to $35/hr driving with Lyft.\u201d Uber has asserted that the median yearly income for drivers with UberX, the company\u2019s lowest-priced service, is \u201c', u'\u201d in New York and \u201cmore than $74,000\u201d in San Francisco.', u'But those rosy outlooks tend to refer to the higher end of their driver pay scales and elide details like the cost of gas, car payments, insurance, depreciation and self-employment taxes. With SherpaShare, drivers can input their daily incomes, number of fares, working hours, expenses and mileage to obtain not only more concrete information on their net pay, but also insights into the driving patterns that are most profitable for them.', u'In Mr. Smith\u2019s case, he understood after examining his SherpaShare charts that Walnut Creek, though convenient, was his least profitable terrain.', u'\u201cI realized I was spending a lot of time waiting, and I could earn a lot more by going to another area,\u201d he says. \u201cAs soon as I was working in Oakland and Berkeley, I was making $20 to $25 an hour \u2014 and San Francisco added another $10 an hour.\u201d', u'Over the last five years, with the advent of the ', u' hundreds of thousands of people have rented out their homes, their cars, their parking spaces or themselves for short-term contract work through virtual marketplaces. The sites and apps act as brokers, taking commissions on the transactions. The companies typically treat the people who find gigs through their platforms as independent contractors who are not entitled to standard employee benefits and may be fired at will. (Some drivers in California are ', u' contending that their drivers should be classified as employees.)', u'Venture capitalists see big opportunities in the business model. Uber has raised about $6 billion in venture financing and is ', u'; Lyft is valued at $3 billion. Investors see the potential for these kinds of companies to take on sectors like mail and courier services and grocery and meal delivery services now dominated by Amazon and GrubHub.', u'The novice freelancers attracted to this work often overestimate their potential income, employment researchers say. Contingent workers may also be unprepared for virtual labor marketplaces that frequently change their compensation rates and vary the incentives they use to encourage people to work certain schedules.', u'\u201cOne of the things that I think that workers, young and old, value is having some certainty and control over both hours and earnings,\u201d says Thomas Kochan, a professor of work and employment research and engineering systems at the MIT Sloan School of Management who is teaching ', u'. \u201cWhen you take that away,\u201d he says, \u201cyou create enormous uncertainty and stress.\u201d', u'Over the last year, start-ups like ', u', an organization for independent contractors; ', u' from workers\u2019 irregular paychecks; and SherpaShare have sprung up to help people navigate the financial complexities of so-called gig work.', u'\u201cWe realized the biggest challenge was that drivers didn\u2019t understand how much they needed to pay for fuel, car maintenance, depreciation and tax,\u201d Ryder Pearce, a co-founder of SherpaShare, said recently at the company\u2019s San Francisco office.', u'Although ride-hailing apps compensate drivers for \u201ctrip hours,\u201d the distance and time they drive with passengers in their cars, SherpaShare has found that its users typically spend around half their on-call time waiting for the next fare or driving to a fare, uncompensated minutes that substantially lower their net hourly pay.', u'\u201cSo if you earned $20 to $25 an hour, you might actually be making $10,\u201d Mr. Pearce says.', u'He and his co-founder, Jianming Zhou, met at an event for start-up entrepreneurs in early 2014. They each had experience in travel and transit \u2014 Mr. Pearce as an urban planner who had developed bicycle paths and street zones for pedestrians in New York City and Mr. Zhou as a software engineer at location-based start-ups and the founder of a travel-planning site.', u'SherpaShare\u2019s founders say their service now has more than 10,000 active users including drivers who work for Uber, Lyft and Sidecar, and for food delivery services including Postmates, Fluc and DoorDash. About two-thirds of those users work for more than one service, Mr. Zhou says.', u'\u201cWe want to become a financial layer for those services,\u201d he says. \u201cWe are giving the picks and shovels to these drivers who haven\u2019t had any support.\u201d', u'To understand the challenges drivers face and the financial analysis that could help them, Mr. Pearce and Mr. Zhou occasionally drive for Lyft and Uber. This year, the two produced ', u' how they could use their SherpaShare data to complete their tax forms. For now, SherpaShare is free for individual drivers, but the start-up, based in Menlo Park, Calif., plans eventually to charge for additional services.', u'The site collates the income reports drivers receive from ride-sharing apps \u2014 along with expenses like gas \u2014 and displays the data in pie charts and graphs, enabling people to compare their gross and net weekly pay or their Lyft income to their Uber income. Users can also compare their daily average income and average number of trips to the daily driver averages in their own city.', u'Freelance driving has proved to be a popular occupation. By the end of 2014 in the United States, more than 160,000 people, slightly more than Amazon employs worldwide, worked as Uber drivers.', u'\u201cThe flexibility really jumps out,\u201d David Plouffe, Uber\u2019s senior vice president for policy and strategy, said in an interview early this year. \u201cThere\u2019s really nothing like it in our economy where a person has complete control over their work hours.\u201d', u'Drivers who find gigs through virtual labor marketplaces, however, often have control over little else. Uber and Lyft, for instance, each set the rules and rates for drivers who use their apps and typically take a 20 percent commission on fares. The apps also offer complex incentives to drivers \u2014 with reduced fare pricing during ', u', ', u' for certain neighborhoods during peak commuting hours and ', u' willing to drive for 30 hours a week or more.', u'A spokeswoman from Lyft says the company has given its drivers tools to put them \u201cin control of creating a schedule that works best for them.\u201d Those tools include weekly earnings forecasts and real-time earnings updates. At Uber, drivers can sort their earnings over different time frames \u2014 a day, week, month or year \u2014 and examine their entire trip history, a spokeswoman for that service says.', u'Even so, some drivers say that, when they do the math, they have found that they earned less than they had expected.', u'Niki Payne is a writer and social media consultant in Los Angeles. A few of her clients occasionally pay late, she says, and she wanted to build up a financial buffer, so she recently started driving with Lyft. When she heard a few weeks ago that Uber was offering a $500 bonus to attract drivers from competing services, she signed up to drive with Uber, too.', u'During the week of April 13, she made 22 trips for Lyft over the course of 35 hours and ended up making $311.40 in tips and fares after Lyft took its commission, she says. During the week of April 20, she tried to earn more by making herself available to drive for about 41 hours so she could qualify for Lyft\u2019s 10 percent bonus. Although she made a little more, $321.66 after the Lyft fee, her pay actually declined to about $7.85 an hour from about $8.90. And that was before she factored in taxes or her weekly extra gas cost of about $50. The minimum wage in California is $9 per hour; but it applies to company employees, not independent contractors.', u'In the past, Uber and Lyft experimented with ', u' for drivers who met certain conditions, such as accepting 90 percent of ride requests and completing at least one trip an hour, in Uber\u2019s case. Some drivers, however, say they did not like that incentive because it made it nearly impossible for them to work for multiple services at once.', u'Ms. Payne said that she welcomed the extra income and intended to keep driving, but that she had decided to stop chasing the extended-hour bonuses.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve been keeping track of all of this to see if it\u2019s worth it for me,\u201d says Ms. Payne, who does not use SherpaShare and manually records her driver earnings in spreadsheets. \u201cWhen I put in much more effort, I didn\u2019t make much more money.\u201d', u'Uber driver data has shown a similar pattern. UberX drivers who worked 16 to 34 hours a week typically made $18.08 an hour, while those who worked more than 50 hours a week typically made $17.13 an hour, according to ', u' that paid drivers to participate.', u'Drivers who use SherpaShare say they find it easier to predict their incomes and to compare the companies\u2019 public statements on driver pay with their own earnings.', u'\u201cIf you drive for multiple platforms as I do, it\u2019s difficult to keep track of your earnings and related information like the number of rides I\u2019ve completed per company,\u201d says Carlos Silva, who has been driving for ride-hailing services in the San Francisco area for more than a year. \u201cSince I started using Sherpa, with a tap I can see detailed information on how I am doing, how much I\u2019m making.\u201d', u'This month, SherpaShare introduced a mobile app that calculates total mileage and driving time, from the moment drivers first leave home to pick up a passenger to the moment they turn off their ride-hailing apps for the day.', u'Once the company can automatically factor in idle time, Mr. Zhou says, drivers may discover that their true hourly pay is lower. But at least they will be able to make data-based choices about their future gig work.']), ([u"Cuba Says in Advanced Talks With China's Huawei Over Telecoms"], [u'RIVIERA MAYA, Mexico \u2014  Cuba is in advanced talks with Chinese telecoms equipment company Huawei to do more business on the Communist island, Cuban finance minister Lina Pedraza said on Friday.', u'"A lot of companies are in negotiations. Just yesterday I was with a businessman who is operating with us and he spoke with us for a long time. He\'s Chinese by the way," Pedraza said on the sidelines of the World Economic Forum on Mexico\'s Caribbean coast.', u'"He is very advanced in negotiations with a Cuban company," Pedraza added.', u'Asked if the Chinese businessman worked for Huawei, which already operates in Cuba, Pedraza said: "Yes."', u'A spokesman for Huawei did not immediately respond to a request from Reuters for comment.', u'Pedraza added that the Cuban telecoms sector would be open to all foreign companies but also noted that the country wanted to avoid the "negative parts of the internet".', u'(Writing by Dave Graham)']), ([u'Seeing and Believing: Virtual Reality Set to Conquer Living Rooms'], [u'(Reuters) - It sounded so promising.', u'Anyone, anywhere would be able to strap on a headset in their living room and be able to experience events anywhere in the world - or outside of it - as if they were really there.', u'Virtual reality (VR) technology was long seen as the next big thing. But real reality always seemed to get in the way.', u'For years, it was the costly and bulky equipment; More recently, the sparse investment in software because of a lack of consumer-ready headgear.', u'Now, that could change.', u'Oculus, the VR business bought for $2 billion by Facebook Inc last year, said this week it would start shipping a consumer version of its Rift headset in early 2016, raising hopes that investment in VR software will finally take off.', u'"I have been waiting for virtual reality since I was a little boy 30 years ago," said Ben Schachter, an analyst at Macquarie Securities in New York.', u'"Our view is that things are radically different this time."', u'About 2.7 million VR headsets, including versions aimed at app and content developers, could be sold in 2015, according to technology consultancy KZero.', u'With the launch of more consumer-friendly versions, total VR sales are expected to jump to 39 million in 2018, helping software companies alone rake in $4.6 billion - up from a projected $129 million this year.', u'"We believe that many very deep-pocketed companies will be in this space soon," Schachter said.', u"Sony Corp and Taiwan's HTC Corp are among the big hardware makers planning to launch consumer headsets - HTC by the end of 2015 and Sony next year.", u"Oculus partnered with Samsung Electronics Co Ltd to build the developer version of the South Korean company's  mobile VR headset, Gear VR Innovator Edition, which was released in the United States in December. Samsung is expected to release a consumer-version Gear VR by the end of the year.", u'"This is the right time for early stage investors," said    Mike Rothenberg, founder and CEO of Rothenberg Ventures, a San Francisco venture capital firm that has invested in VR startups.', u'Santa Barbara, California-based WorldViz plans to release a number of VR software apps, which can be used in industries such as oil and gas, aerospace, education, and entertainment this year, and expects revenue to double, founder and President Peter Schlueer said.', u'"TRUE TRANSITION"', u'Gaming and entertainment apps are expected to drive initial uptake of VR hardware.', u'But the advent of user-friendly and low-cost gear will also spur adoption by educational institutions, the military and industry.', u'Ford Motor Co, for instance, uses VR headsets to help test car designs.', u'Oculus has not disclosed pricing for the consumer Rift. Co-founder Nate Mitchell has said it will be "affordable" but pricier than the Gear VR, which costs around $200.', u'EON Reality, based in Irvine, California, and NextVR, headquartered in Laguna Beach, California, are among the most prominent software companies hoping to cash in on the VR boom.', u'"At the end of the day, content is going to be the most important piece, because if that doesn\'t work, it doesn\'t matter what type of hardware device you have," EON Reality Chief Executive Mats Johansson said.', u'Mary Spio, president of Next Galaxy Corp, a Miami Beach company whose Netflix-like platform delivers VR content, said software makers have been waiting for proof of success of the hardware.', u'"I think we are going to see a slow build up of content and then we will start to see an avalanche of content maybe a few months after the Oculus (Rift) hits," Spio said.', u'"I think that 2016 really is going to be when we see that inflection, the true transition for virtual reality."', u'(Editing by Sayantani Ghosh and Ted Kerr)']), ([u'In Tech: Mobile App, Mobile Phone, Online TV'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The iconic designer behind the simulation video games "Sim City" and "The Sims" wants people to tell stories visually on their mobile phones.', u'Will Wright has created a mobile app called Thred. The idea is to "explore and share visual ideas with friends" \u2014 through "threds" of images and links. For some, this can mean a collection of Internet jokes; for others, travel photos and articles. If you give Thred permission, it will access your phone\'s photos and track your location so that you can post a thread of the day\'s meals, or the snapshots of flowers you shot on a Sunday trip to the botanical gardens.', u"It's a bit like Instagram-deluxe. Instead of just one photo, Thred lets you share a bunch. Instead of just filters, you can add text, links and stickers to your pictures.", u'"I\'m fascinated by how much this has become a part of my life," said Wright, 55, holding his iPhone as he showed off the app recently in a Manhattan coffee shop.', u'Thred joins Storehouse and other, more complex visual storytelling apps that hope to appeal to your creative side and seek to go deeper than one-off snapshots. Whether Thred will soar in popularity like "The Sims" did or fade away like "Spore," remains to be seen.', u"Thred works on iPhones and iPads. There's no Android version yet.", u'Elsewhere in the world of technology:', u'___', u'MAKING UP', u'After a high-profile breakup, T-Mobile is offering BlackBerry phones again. The BlackBerry Classic will be available in U.S. stores and online next week for $440, payable in installments.', u"This comes a year after BlackBerry decided not to renew its U.S. licensing deal with T-Mobile, saying the companies no longer had complementary strategies. BlackBerry CEO John Chen complained then that T-Mobile had emailed BlackBerry users an offer to switch to a competitor's smartphone.", u'The companies didn\'t address their fallout in Thursday\'s joint announcement. Rather, they said they are "in the business of listening to their customers."', u'Just recently, T-Mobile began targeting business customers. BlackBerry is popular with some businesses for its security features.', u'Earlier in the week, T-Mobile launched a promotion aimed at luring customers from Verizon, the No. 1 U.S. wireless carrier.', u'___', u'ONLINE TV ON TVs', u"Some TVs from Sharp and Insignia will come with Roku's streaming TV offerings built-in. That means owners of these sets won't need a separate streaming TV device, such as Roku 3 or Apple TV, to watch Netflix, Hulu and other online services on their TVs. Separate subscriptions with those services are still required, though.", u'Initially a maker of streaming TV devices, Roku has been working with TV manufacturers to get its software included with the set. This allows manufacturers to offer smart, Internet-connected TVs without having to write their own software. Manufacturers are also able to make more online services available this way. Roku has more than 1,000 apps.', u"So far, Roku's software is on sets from TCL and Hisense. Roku is now adding 43- and 50-inch screens from Sharp and 32- and 55-inch models from Insignia, which is Best Buy's in-house brand. Roku sets from Haier are also planned.", u'___', u'AP Technology Writer Anick Jesdanun contributed to this report.']), ([u'How to Use Siri, Google Now and Cortana Voice Commands'], [u' I ask the ', u' app on my phone only about the daily weather forecast, but how does it compare to the Siri program for the verbal instructions it understands?', u' Personal assistant apps that respond to spoken-word commands \u2014 like ', u' with voice search, ', u'\u2019s ', u' and ', u'\u2019s ', u' \u2014 handle many of the same requests, especially those related to apps or services on your mobile device. By asking aloud, you can have the assistant send mail or messages to people in your contacts list, make phone calls, log appointments, get directions on a map, track specific flights and look up information online.', u', before Google created its Google Now service, the company began developing its ', u' software as a way to make finding information on the web easier. The speech-recognition technology is a part of the ', u', and the Chrome desktop browser also supports Voice Search. A voice-activated search begins with the words, \u201cO.K., Google,\u201d and the company\u2019s site has ', u' on the Android, iOS or Chrome versions.', u'When you have the ', u' within the Android or iOS app, the service brings you the information it thinks you might need instead of your having to ask for it. This can include estimated times for your daily commute, reminders about new episodes of your favorite television shows or places to visit near your scheduled vacation destination.', u'Google Now works most fully on phones or tablets running Android, particularly when it hooks up with many of the standard system apps. The virtual assistant also delivers ', u' from other programs on your device, and ', u' into its workings. If you want suggestions for how to talk to Google Now, sites like ', u' and ', u' have compiled lengthy lists of the voice commands found to work with the service. (In addition to the actions meant to help your productivity, Google has included responses to more frivolous requests, like \u201cRoll dice,\u201d \u201cFlip a coin\u201d and \u201cWhat is the loneliest number?\u201d)', u'Spoken-word commands are particularly helpful on mobile devices, whose keyboards are small. Apple\u2019s ', u' arrived in 2011 ', u' and has been improving its usefulness ever since. To see a list of queries and commands you can use with Siri in iOS 8, tap the small question-mark icon at the bottom-left corner of Siri\u2019s main screen. And for those with Windows Phones who are curious about conversation with Cortana, Microsoft\u2019s site has ', u' to use with the program, which is ', u'.', u' Why do I get different results on my tablet and my computer when I use the same web-based test to check my broadband connection speed \u2014 and why do I never get the speed advertised in my monthly plan?', u'The typical web-based broadband speed test, which measures the time needed to download and upload a small amount of data, can be affected by a number of external factors. Most test sites state that you see faster test times over wired connections to the network, so if the computer is physically connected to the network router with an Ethernet cable, you are likely to get faster data transfer speeds than on a tablet that can only use a wireless link.', u'Signal strength issues, distance and interference can slow wireless connections. The capabilities of the computer and tablet hardware can also affect the test results, as can the software running on either device, even if you are testing both over a Wi-Fi connection.', u' are meant to give you a general idea of your connection speed, but Internet congestion \u2014 as well as the sites\u2019 own software and hardware issues \u2014 can hamper them. The time of day that you test your connection might be a factor as well, as your Internet provider\u2019s network could be slower during peak usage times when other customers are all online.', u'Internet service providers advertise their connection speeds as \u201cup to\u201d a certain amount, and if you are not seeing numbers remotely close to what you are paying for, first try improving your testing conditions. Most speed-test sites advise that you test your service on a wired connection when nobody else on the home network is downloading or uploading files, streaming audio or video or playing online games.', u'You should also turn off computers or other devices on the network that are not being used for testing because online backups, automatic downloads and other services that use the Internet connection could interfere. If your speed-test results are still well below the advertised rate of your connection plan, speak with your provider\u2019s technical-support department.']), ([u'Uber Joins the Bidding for Here, Nokia\u2019s Digital Mapping Service'], [u'Uber is best known for allowing people to book a taxi through its smartphone application. But the fast-growing company has far broader ambitions.', u'More and more, Uber is positioning itself as a logistics company. The goal is to deliver people and things within cities as quickly as possible \u2014 relying heavily on Google\u2019s Maps in the process.', u'That dependency may soon change.', u'Uber has submitted a bid for Here, ', u', for as much as $3 billion, according to three people with knowledge of the offer, who spoke on the condition of anonymity. Here is owned by Nokia, the Finnish telecom giant, which ', u' that it was considering selling the business.', u'The bid is competing with one in the works from a consortium of German automakers, including BMW, Audi and Mercedes-Benz, according to two of those people. The automakers are teaming up with the Chinese search engine Baidu on the offer, the people said. A separate bid from an undisclosed private equity firm has also been submitted, and Nokia is expected to announce the sale of its mapping unit by the end of May.', u'Negotiations over the sale of Nokia\u2019s mapping business are continuing and the talks still may not lead to a deal, the people cautioned. Representatives for Uber, the German automakers and Nokia declined to comment on the deal rumors.', u'The multibillion-dollar battle to buy Here highlights the growing importance of digital mapping services as companies connect their products to the Internet. Other tech giants, including Facebook and Microsoft, have previously shown interest in acquiring Nokia\u2019s mapping unit.', u'The world\u2019s automakers and tech giants like Google have unveiled a series of driverless car projects that rely heavily on up-to-date road data. Companies like Amazon and FedEx use mapping information to run their global logistics operations. And tech start-ups, including Uber and Airbnb, the vacation-rental website, have incorporated digital maps into the heart of their businesses.', u'While Google Maps has an estimated one billion mobile users, or about 10 times the amount of Here\u2019s smartphone users, Nokia\u2019s division dominates in automobile mapping \u2014 a field in which both Google and Apple, which has struggled with its own mapping service, have earmarked for growth.', u'Nokia\u2019s mapping business holds more than an 80 percent global market share for built-in car navigation systems, and spends hundreds of millions of dollars each year to update its maps that span from New York to New Delhi. Here, which is based in Berlin, employs about 6,000 people worldwide to maintain Nokia\u2019s digital maps and connected-car services with almost three million daily adjustments. The unit reported yearly revenue of $1.1 billion, or less than 8 percent of Nokia\u2019s total sales in 2014, according to company records.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s extraordinarily difficult to get this type of mapping data,\u201d said Jamie Moss, an analyst at the technology research company Ovum in London. \u201cOther than Google, Here is one of the few companies that can offer this data right now.\u201d', u'Analysts said Uber\u2019s attempt to buy Here would give it access to a fully established digital mapping business.', u'The mapping tool, they say, could help with services like Uber Pool, the company\u2019s ride-sharing initiative, which uses geospatial mapping data to pair riders with drivers. To carry out such matches speedily, the company needs significant engineering power and a rich trove of mapping data, according to people with knowledge of the project.', u'In addition to Google\u2019s Maps, Uber relies on data from Apple and other companies\u2019 mapping initiatives, as well as its own online information.', u'Uber, whose backers include Google\u2019s venture capital arm, has taken steps in recent months to hedge against its heavy reliance on the search giant. This year, for example, the company unveiled the Uber Advanced Technologies Center that, in partnership with Carnegie Mellon University, is working on mapping and autonomous vehicle technology.', u'And in March, Uber acquired deCarta, an almost decade-old mapping software company based in San Jose, Calif., to bolster its mapping efforts. The company also has hired a number of mapping software engineers in recent months, according to two people familiar with Uber\u2019s hiring efforts.', u'The company\u2019s plans, however, may still be outflanked by the German automakers, which also view Nokia\u2019s mapping business as central to their future.', u'Mercedes and other automakers already are testing so-called autonomous vehicles that rely on Here\u2019s technology to guide cars around city streets with limited intervention from drivers. They are reluctant to become overly dependent on Google\u2019s Maps, which offers similar services, particularly because Google is working on autonomous vehicles of its own.', u'As part of its bid, the German consortium wants to give others access to Nokia\u2019s mapping service, under a licensing agreement, so that the business can maintain its global reach and remain the primary competitor to Google Maps, according to a person with knowledge of the matter.', u'\u201cMapping data is an important long-term asset for the auto industry,\u201d said Jeremy Carlson, an analyst at IHS Automotive, in Los Angeles. \u201cIt makes sense that they would want to protect it.\u201d']), ([u'Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ'], [u'For years, political scientists and social theorists have fretted about the Internet\u2019s potential to flatten and polarize democratic discourse.', u'Because so much information now comes through digital engines shaped by our preferences \u2014 ', u', Google and others suggest content based on what consumers previously enjoyed \u2014 scholars have theorized that people are building an online echo chamber of their own views.', u'But in ', u' published on Thursday in the journal Science, data scientists at ', u' report the echo chamber is not as insular as many might fear \u2014 at least not on the social network. While independent researchers said the study was important for its scope and size, they noted several significant limitations.', u'After analyzing how 10.1 million of the most partisan American users on Facebook navigated the site over a six-month period last year, researchers found that people\u2019s networks of friends and the stories they see are in fact skewed toward their ideological preferences. But that effect is more limited than the worst case some theorists had predicted, in which people would see almost no information from the other side.', u'On average, about 23 percent of users\u2019 friends are of an opposing political affiliation, according to the study. An average of almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook\u2019s News Feed also appear to present views that conflict with the user\u2019s own ideology.', u'In addition, researchers said that individuals\u2019 choices about which stories to click on had a larger effect than Facebook\u2019s filtering mechanism in determining whether people encountered news that conflicted with their professed ideology.', u'\u201cThis is the first time we\u2019ve been able to quantify these effects,\u201d said Eytan Bakshy, a data scientist at Facebook who led the study. He said that he began the work in 2012 out of an interest in the way social networks shape how the public gets news. \u201cYou would think that if there was an echo chamber, you would not be exposed to any conflicting information,\u201d he added, \u201cbut that\u2019s not the case here.\u201d', u'Facebook\u2019s findings run counter to a longstanding worry about the potential for digital filtering systems to shape our world. For Facebook, the focus is on the algorithm that the company uses to decide which posts people see, and which they do not, in its News Feed.', u'Eli Pariser, chief executive of the viral content website Upworthy, labeled this effect the \u201c', u'.\u201d ', u' they unfollow those who post content with which they disagree. And with political discussions being increasingly pitched in the run-up to next year\u2019s presidential election, in which the Internet will be used as a primary campaign tool, the problem appeared to be getting worse.', u'\u201cThis shows that the effects that I wrote about exist and are significant, but ', u' than I would have guessed,\u201d Mr. Pariser said in an interview about Facebook\u2019s study.', u'Natalie Jomini Stroud, a professor of communications studies at the University of Texas at Austin, who was not involved in the study, said the results were \u201can important corrective\u201d to the conventional wisdom.', u'The study adds to others that debate whether the Internet creates an echo chamber. A ', u' found that media outlets people name as prime information sources about politics and news are strongly correlated with their political views. ', u' published as a ', u' in the National Bureau of Economic Research analyzed Twitter usage during the 2012 election and found social media often exposed users only to opinions that match their own.', u'Dr. Stroud and other researchers note that Facebook\u2019s study has limitations. It arrived at 10.1 million users by screening only for Americans older than 18 who log on to Facebook at least four out of seven days of the week, and who interacted with at least one news link during the second half of 2014. Importantly, all self-identified as liberal or conservative in their profiles. Most Facebook users do not post their political views, and Dr. Stroud cautioned those users might be more or less accepting of conflicting political views.', u'of the study was swift. In ', u' responding to the study, Zeynep Tufekci, a professor at the University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill, said, \u201cPeople who self-identify their politics are almost certainly going to behave quite differently, on average, than people who do not.\u201d She added, \u201cThe study is still interesting, and important, but it is not a study that can generalize to Facebook users.\u201d', u'Facebook\u2019s researchers said studying those who self-report their politics was the most technically feasible way to determine users\u2019 political affiliations, and trying to infer those from other methods would have led to greater uncertainty.', u'The findings are convenient for Facebook. With more than 1.3 billion users, the social network is ', u'. About 30 percent of American adults get their news from Facebook, according to the ', u'. But its editorial decisions are drafted with little transparency using the News Feed algorithm. Facebook could use the study\u2019s results to show that the algorithm is not ruining national discourse.', u'Facebook said its researchers had wide latitude to pursue their research interests and to present whatever they found. The results were reviewed before publication in Science, with the journal selecting an anonymous panel of scholars unaffiliated with Facebook. Science does not disclose the identity of experts and warns reviewers to declare any financial ties that might be perceived as a conflict of interest with the study being reviewed.', u'Facebook also noted that this study was substantively different from one ', u', in which the company\u2019s scientists altered the number of positive and negative posts that some people saw to examine the effects on mood. This study did not involve an experiment that changed users\u2019 experience of Facebook; researchers analyzed how people use Facebook as it stands today.', u'For Facebook\u2019s study, researchers first determined the point of view of a given article by looking at whether liberals or conservatives had shared it most. They found unsurprising partisan attitudes about some news sources, with Fox News stories shared mainly by conservatives and Huffington Post articles shared by liberals.', u'Then they measured how often feeds of users, whose identifying details had been taken out, displayed stories that conflicted with their professed ideologies, and how often they clicked on those stories.', u'Some academics said Facebook was always tweaking the News Feed and could easily make changes that would create a more sealed echo chamber.', u'\u201cA small effect today might become a large effect tomorrow,\u201d David Lazer, a political scientist at Northeastern University who studies social networks, ', u' on the Facebook study also published in Science. \u201cThe deliberative sky is not yet falling, but the skies are not completely clear either.\u201d', u'The study \u2014 also written by Solomon Messing and Lada Adamic, who are data scientists at Facebook \u2014 presented other findings on how people of different political persuasions use the world\u2019s largest social network.', u'One is that liberals live in a more tightly sealed echo chamber than conservatives, though conservatives were more selective about what they click on when they see ideologically challenging views.', u'About 22 percent of the news stories that Facebook presents to liberals is of a conservative bent, while 33 percent of the stories shown to conservatives presents a liberal point of view. The difference, researchers said, is that liberal users are connected to fewer friends who share views from the other side.', u'But liberals were only 6 percent less likely to click on ideologically challenging articles instead of ideologically consistent articles that appeared in their feed. Conservatives were 17 percent less likely to click, meaning they appeared more reluctant to indulge opposing views.', u'The study also raised \u2014 but did not answer \u2014 the question of what happens after people click on an article with an opposing view: Are they being persuaded by its arguments, or are they dismissing it out of hand?', u'\u201cPeople who are really into politics expose themselves to everything,\u201d said Diana C. Mutz, a political scientist at the University of Pennsylvania. \u201cSo they will expose to the other side, but it could be to make fun of it, or to know what they\u2019re saying to better argue against it, or just to yell at the television set.\u201d', u'A click, in other words, is not necessarily an endorsement, or even a sign of an open mind.']), ([u"Chinese Authorities Visit Uber's Chengdu Office"], [u"SHANGHAI \u2014  Authorities in China's southwestern city of Chengdu visited the offices of Uber on Wednesday as part of a new investigation into the online taxi-hailing service, a spokeswoman for Chengdu's transportation commission said.", u'The visit is the second made by authorities to Uber\'s China offices in the last week. The official Xinhua news agency said on Friday Guangzhou authorities raided Uber\'s office there on suspicion of an "unlicensed operation".', u'"A few of our departments visited Uber\'s offices to conduct interviews or an investigation," the spokeswoman, who gave only her surname, said on Thursday.', u'Ren said she did not know the details of the investigation.', u'A spokeswoman for Uber in China said the visit was routine,  citing a statement from the Transport Committee of Chengdu  quoted by Chinese media. She did not provide more details.', u'"There are no disruptions to the Uber platform and it\'s business as usual," she said in a statement.', u'Uber, which has been valued at an estimated $40 billion, is a comparative latecomer in China, where the number of mobile taxi-hailing app users is forecast to triple to 45 million by 2015 from 2013, according to Chinese research firm iResearch.', u'Domestic firms Kuaidi Dache and Didi Dache, backed by tech giants Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Tencent Holdings Ltd respectively, have 90 percent of the market sewn up. The two said in February they would merge.', u'(Reporting by Brenda Goh; Additional Reporting by Shanghai Newsroom; Editing by Paul Tait)']), ([u'Zynga Is Trimming Its Staff and Its Game Ambitions'], [u' said on Wednesday that it would cut its work force by 18 percent and leave the sports video-game category, moves meant to narrow its business and improve the quality of its video games.', u'The company, whose headquarters are in San Francisco, said 364 people would lose their jobs as a result of the layoffs. Zynga also plans to shut down data centers that it used for its games and other computing needs, moving those functions to servers it will rent from Amazon. In all, it expects the changes to reduce its annual costs by $100 million.', u'The plan, announced as the company ', u' for the most recent quarter, is the first public move by Mark Pincus, the founder of Zynga, since ', u' as chief executive last month. Mr. Pincus replaced Don A. Mattrick, who had spent nearly two years trying to reinvigorate Zynga by shifting its emphasis to mobile games and entering new game categories like sports.', u'In a phone interview, Mr. Pincus praised Mr. Mattrick for making the company a \u201ccontender in mobile.\u201d But he said that under Mr. Mattrick, and during Mr. Pincus\u2019s own first stint as chief executive, the company had been unable to resist the temptation to do too much.', u'\u201cWhat I believe we need is to narrow our focus,\u201d Mr. Pincus said. \u201cWe have plenty of great opportunities in front of us. What we need to do now is intensify our focus around these opportunities.\u201d', u'He said that the company would shut down an N.F.L. game and cancel a Tiger Woods golf game under development. It also will close a development studio in Orlando, Fla. The company, which had previously planned to release up to 10 games this year, will now release six to eight.', u'Mr. Pincus said Zynga intended to increase its technology investments in certain areas like data analytics. The company has long used data to closely study player behavior, modifying games to increase the amount of time and money users spend in them. He said that running its own data centers was not a key part of Zynga\u2019s mission and that it could hand that side of its operations to Amazon, as so many other companies have.', u'For the first quarter, Zynga reported a net loss of $46 million, or 5 cents a share, from a loss of $61 million, or 7 cents a share, during the same period a year ago. The company\u2019s revenue rose to $183 million from $168 million.', u'Shares in the company rose more than 5 percent in after-hours trading.', u'Evan Wilson, an analyst at Pacific Crest Securities, said that Zynga had been cutting costs, including reducing its staff, for some time, but that those actions had not helped make the company any better at producing popular games.', u'\u201cUnfortunately, cutting your less effective developers doesn\u2019t make your best developers any better, so the probability of a hit is no higher,\u201d Mr. Wilson said. \u201cWe still don\u2019t see that hit in its pipeline.\u201d']), ([u'Navy Robots Test the Limits of Autonomy'], [u'At a naval research facility along a stretch of the Pacific Coast in San Diego, civilian engineers work alongside active-duty troops to develop and test the next generation of military robots.', u'The engineers are members of the Unmanned Systems Group at Spawar, or Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command, a research and operations arm of the Navy. Their mandate is simple: Take the soldier out of the minefield.', u'When autonomous systems are deployed, engineers at the center say they will revolutionize the way the military fights. They envision a day when one soldier will control an entire fleet of driverless trucks, or a driverless vehicle will make a road safe for a Humvee full of troops. They could also assist in detecting and combatting chemical or biological warfare.', u'Chris Scrapper is leading a team of engineers who envision an autonomous future. On a recent afternoon, they were tapping away at computers to analyze data from a failed run with RaDer (it stands for reconnaissance and detection expendable rover), the boxy black vehicle they\u2019re trying to make drive on its own.', u'It\u2019s hard to say when autonomous technologies will be ready for use in combat, Mr. Scrapper said, adding, \u201cIt depends on the threat level.\u201d', u'Remote-controlled unmanned robots have been in use by the military for over a decade. ', u' defuses bombs; armed drones track and strike their targets; and the MK-18, an underwater torpedo-shaped vehicle, mimics a dolphin\u2019s sonar to locate mines on the ocean floor. What these robots have in common is that there is one person directly controlling them.', u'Mr. Scrapper and his colleagues see the future of combat as using fewer humans to control more machines. While there will always be a human operator involved, they say, that operator may be in touch with several autonomous devices at a time.', u'Mr. Scrapper says that the technology they have developed is \u201cmission-agnostic and platform-agnostic,\u201d meaning that the same technology that makes a Humvee autonomous could be incorporated into a boat or a bomb-defusing robot.', u'So while he says his engineers are not working', u', their technology could be used for that purpose in the future.', u'His goal, and the one funded by the Office of Naval Research, is to make a tool that keeps troops out of harm\u2019s way and frees them up for tasks that require human ingenuity and imagination.']), ([u'Relying on Product Reviews? Knowing How a Company Treats Its Customers Is Just as Valuable'], [u'PRODUCT reviews are broken. They are great at telling you about the speed of a computer or the brightness of a screen. But there\u2019s a big gaping hole in evaluations of most products, from phones to computers to televisions.', u'The product evaluations neglect to mention the quality of a company\u2019s customer service, which becomes the most important factor of all when problems or questions related to the product come up.', u'I learned this lesson from a bizarre experience with a Samsung oven that I bought last year. This was no impulse purchase \u2014 I researched brands and appliances for days. But even that didn\u2019t help.', u'Less than a year after I bought it, the oven made a violent grinding noise because of a defective fan. Samsung sent a technician who, over the course of seven visits, concluded that not only was the fan irreplaceable because of a defect, but that the oven also had a heat leak. The leak posed a fire hazard and had melted the side of a brand-new kitchen cabinet, causing thousands of dollars in damage.', u'At that moment, all that mattered was the speed and ease in which Samsung\u2019s service department dealt with my problem. But rather than rush to remove this troubled oven from my life, Samsung\u2019s support center dragged out this entire process for five months.', u'The entire experience made me realize that I had been blindsided. How, in my many hours of reading product reviews on websites, had I missed the part about service? I searched far and wide on the web and realized it was practically impossible to reliably research a company\u2019s customer service quality. So I contacted some product ratings companies themselves.', u'J.D. Power & Associates, a research firm, collects feedback on brands and products from consumers through surveys and shows ratings based on the feedback. When it shows ratings for service \u2014 for automobiles, for example \u2014 it generally breaks those ratings into a report that is separate from the ratings for the product.', u'Why is that? Dave Sargent, a J. D. Power executive who oversees automotive research, said that if people want to read about products, they can look up product ratings; if they want information on service, they can also look up reports on service.', u'\u201cWe try not to muddy the waters by bundling them together,\u201d Mr. Sargent said.', u'To me, that logic makes sense on paper, but not in real life. I posed this hypothetical example: If a friend asked me to recommend a pair of headphones and I once had a bad experience with a particular brand, I would never say, \u201cBrand X\u2019s headphones are great, but if you care, Brand X has lousy customer service.\u201d I would probably just say, \u201cStay away from Brand X\u2019s headphones because the company treats you poorly.\u201d', u'Consumer Reports, the nonprofit publication that tests and evaluates products, sometimes measures customer service quality. But similar to J. D. Power, Consumer Reports breaks that rating into a separate report rather than including it as part of a product review.', u'Liam McCormack, a vice president of integrated content creation for Consumer Reports, said how companies treat their customers was important to consider when shopping, but the issue of customer service could be complex. People may be treated differently depending on whether they bought an item from a retailer or from the brand itself.', u'Say, for example, that you buy a Sony television from Best Buy, Mr. McCormack said. If you have a problem, Best Buy\u2019s customer service or Sony\u2019s service reps could deal with it. The Sony TV can\u2019t be fairly rated based on a customer service experience with Best Buy. So for electronics, Consumer Reports focused on evaluating the customer service of electronics retailers, and published Best Buy\u2019s service rating in a ', u'.', u'That\u2019s a fair point. However, the issue with relying on ratings of retailers is that the stores often tell customers to take their problems to the manufacturers themselves. (That is how I ended up dealing directly with Samsung.)', u'As it stands, there is no one-stop website to see reliable ratings for customer service. In part, that is probably because customer service can be such a challenge to measure, said Matthew Dixon, an executive at CEB, a business advisory firm. His studies found that when people have positive customer service experiences, they tend not to share them.', u'\u201cBut when they\u2019ve been wronged, they literally will tell anybody who will listen,\u201d Mr. Dixon said.', u'Mr. Dixon\u2019s studies found that customers stayed loyal to brands that offered hassle-free service interactions. His studies also found that customers were four times as likely to become disloyal to a brand after any service interaction at all \u2014 because so many service centers drag out people\u2019s issues.', u'It seems like a no-brainer that consumers stick with brands offering solid customer service. Apple, which has more than $190 billion in cash, is well known for its Genius Bar, the service stations at Apple stores where customers can seek help directly from the company\u2019s trained technicians. Amazon, the largest online shopping site in the United States, is celebrated for its customer service.', u'Wouldn\u2019t it be great if we could reliably research more companies with quality service, beyond relying on word of mouth?', u'This seems like an opportunity for the hungry entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley. It would probably be challenging and expensive for a company to gather reliable data on both the good and bad customer service experiences for all brands and every type of product they offer. But until someone does, even so-called informed shoppers are gambling when they buy something pricey, relying largely on hope that nothing goes wrong.', u'As for my Samsung oven, toward the second half of this five-month episode, the company\u2019s support representatives repeatedly rejected my requests to exchange the unit and pay for the damages to my home, refusing to let me speak to a higher supervisor along the way. It instead opted to keep sending the technician back to my house to try to fix the unit again and again, even after he reported to Samsung that the oven was defective and at fault for the burn.', u'After I made at least a dozen phone calls and wrote a couple of emails to Samsung\u2019s office of the president, Samsung\u2019s support staff agreed to give me a partial refund (not a full one, because the oven was out of warranty by the time the company conceded). It also agreed to cover all the damages to my kitchen.', u'But here\u2019s the kicker: Samsung said that to process my refund, I had to destroy the power cable for the oven and send a picture of the severed wire to prove I was no longer using the unit. The next day, a customer service representative called to clarify I actually did not have to destroy the cord.', u'After Samsung agreed to pay the damages and partial refund, I contacted Samsung\u2019s communications department, identified myself as a reporter and shared my experience. In response, the company said in a statement that it takes customer satisfaction and safety seriously, and my customer service experience, while rare, \u201cis not acceptable to Samsung.\u201d', u'\u201cWe are taking this opportunity to thoroughly review and improve our customer service process,\u201d the company said.', u'But who will ever be able to know whether those improvements are made?']), ([u'Video Feature: Apps to Cope and Help in a Disaster'], [u'The deadly earthquake in Nepal serves as a reminder that natural disasters can strike at any time. But being prepared and informed can help, and a smartphone can be a vital tool for that.', u'The ', u' app, from the Federal Emergency Management Agency, can help before, during and after a disaster. It has several important sections, beginning with its \u201cprepare\u201d menu. This area includes clearly written advice on how to prepare for many different kinds of natural catastrophes, including drought, earthquakes and even volcanic eruptions. It also has advice on how to assemble emergency kits to keep in the home for different types of disasters.', u'In addition, there is a section for keeping notes on emergency meeting locations that users can prearrange with their families. This is information that could be easily forgotten in the event of a disaster.', u'FEMA offers weather alerts for up to five locations in the United States, and will send notifications if severe weather threatens any of them. There is a section for finding out where official shelters are, and even help on applying for postdisaster financial assistance.', u'A photograph-sharing system could be useful to help disaster workers and others understand what is happening on the ground. Users can see what others have uploaded, and upload their own photos.', u'FEMA\u2019s plain style, straightforward menus and clear writing make its advice and instructions easy to understand. Its text is interesting as well as informative, so it is great to read even when a disaster is not looming. Most of the features work without a cellphone connection, which could be critical if communications are disrupted. It is available free for ', u' and ', u'.G', u'If a disaster strikes, you may find yourself having to help people with injuries. That\u2019s where ', u' is useful. Here you\u2019ll find step-by-step guidance for dealing with minor cuts and burns and more serious injuries like broken bones and serious bleeding. It is primarily an educational app, with text, diagrams and videos to help teach first aid, along with quizzes and a badge-based reward system.', u'Guidance is given in clear, simple language, easy to follow in stressful circumstances. Emergency services can be contacted from inside the app, and most features work without needing a cell connection. It is free for ', u' and ', u' devices.', u' from the Pacific Disaster Center pulls together warnings and advisories from around the world, alerting users to earthquakes, approaching hurricanes and cyclones, and floods and wildfires.', u'Disaster Alert\u2019s main interface is a map that shows where disasters either have happened or are threatening. Users can also choose to see the alerts in list form. Tapping on an alert brings up more detailed information, like the exact area affected and when the alert was issued. Free for ', u' and ', u', Disaster Alert is easy to use and quite informative. But the free version simply presents all alerts as they happen; filtering the list by location or severity costs up to $10 a year,.', u'Disasters can separate families, and that is where ', u' can help. Users can share information on people who are missing or post the whereabouts of people who were separated from their families. The hope is that separated people will eventually be able to find each other. It is simple to use, and encryption protects sensitive personal information in the event a device gets lost. ReUnite requires a network connection. It is free for ', u' and ', u' devices.', u' can help with the annoying issue of a flooded email inbox. It helps get to the fabled \u201cinbox zero\u201d state by helping users scan quickly through incoming mail. This is a different approach from other email clients, and an interesting one. The app is not perfect, but it could help and it is free to try now on ', u'.']), ([u'Snapping the Windows Screen'], [u' ', u' There are at least three ways to take tablet screenshots without using a third-party app. On ', u'\u2019s own Surface tablets, hold down the Windows button on the front, then quickly press the Volume Down button on the device. Once you press and release the Volume Down button, the tablet\u2019s screen should dim slightly to indicate that the screenshot has been captured.', u'The resulting image is saved in the .png format (Portable Network Graphics) inside the Screenshots folder tucked in the tablet\u2019s Pictures folder or Photos app. The screenshot process is similar on many Windows-based ', u' and ', u', but check with the manufacturer for instructions if the Windows and Volume Down button combination does not work on your device.', u'As an alternative, you can quickly mail images of your current tablet\u2019s desktop by way of the Windows ', u'; just drag your finger in from the right edge of the screen to reveal the Charms icons. Tap the Share icon and under Screenshot, tap Mail to capture the image and attach it to an outgoing message. If you have social media accounts, you should see their icons for sharing in the Charms bar, too.', u'For more screenshot control, you can also use the ', u' utility, which first arrived with Windows Vista and lives on in the current Windows 8.1 operating system. To find it, open the Charms bar, tap the Search icon and enter \u201csnipping tool\u201d in the box. In the search results, tap Snipping Tool.', u'When the Snipping Tool program opens, tap the New button and select the type of \u201csnip\u201d you want to use, like a full-screen or a single-window screenshot. Tap the screen to capture your shot. You can edit and save the image from the Snipping Tool to your Pictures folder.', u' ', u' ', u'\u2019s ', u' is intended to replace both its older ', u' and ', u' software for picture-editing and management. The Photos icon even supplants iPhoto in the Dock after you upgrade to OS X 10.10.3, but iPhoto is not removed from your Mac and ', u' in the Applications folder.', u'When you open iPhoto, however, Apple does remind you that your photo library has been moved to the Photos app. You can still work in iPhoto, but new pictures you add or edit there stay in the now-retired program.', u'If entering your password to download a free app seems like an unnecessary step, you can skip it with Apple\u2019s ', u'. If you do not receive a message asking if you would like to turn off the password requirement for free downloads, tap the Settings icon on the home screen, then iTunes & App Store and then Password Settings. In the Free Downloads area, turn off the button next to Require Password. Note that if you have turned on the Touch ID option to authorize your purchases by fingerprint, you do not see these Password Settings options.', u'If other family members share your iOS device, you can also ', u' in the same Password Settings area to require the Apple account\u2019s password for in-app purchases and other paid content. Those with Android devices (and equally eager family members) ', u' for purchases from the Google Play store. Open the Google Play store app, tap the Menu icon, select Settings and then \u201cRequire authentication for purchases.\u201d']), ([u'Two Retail Veterans Take Aim at Amazon\u2019s E-Commerce Reign'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 There are two ways for start-ups to take on ', u', the reigning monarch of American online shopping.', u'One is to mount a frontal attack: Raise hundreds of millions of dollars from investors, build huge warehouses and a complex delivery infrastructure, establish deals with thousands of merchant partners and aim, through sheer brute force, to compete with Jeff Bezos\u2019 behemoth on the very qualities that have made ', u' peerless \u2014 selection, speed, customer friendliness and price.', u'The other way is to do something out of left field. While ceding some advantages to the Bezos machine \u2014 admitting that it may never beat Amazon on price, say \u2014 a start-up could cleverly marshal new technologies to attack the giant on more favorable ground. For instance, ', u', a new breed of on-demand companies like Postmates and Instacart is challenging Amazon on same-day delivery by using smartphone-routed workers to pick up goods from local stores and efficiently cart them to customers.', u'In the last few months, two retail veterans have been working on companies that explore these different avenues of breaking into online commerce. Ron Johnson, who, with Steve Jobs, created Apple\u2019s lucrative physical stores, has been working on something out of left field \u2014 a selective online store called ', u', which, for no additional cost, will send an expert to hand-deliver tech products and spend an hour helping people set up and learn to use their new things. The service, Mr. Johnson said, is a smartphone-era take on his past at Apple \u2014 an effort to create the friendliness of an Apple Store in people\u2019s homes and offices.', u'Then there\u2019s Marc Lore, an e-commerce veteran who in 2010 sold his company, Quidsi, to Amazon for about $550 million. Mr. Lore\u2019s new service, ', u', represents a frontal assault on Amazon. Mr. Lore has raised more than $200 million \u2014 a staggering sum before even opening up shop \u2014 to create a nationwide e-commerce giant to compete with Amazon on selection, service and, especially, price. Jet\u2019s promise is simple and, if the company can keep it, potentially momentous: to offer the absolute lowest price on just about everything, from paper towels to oatmeal to tennis rackets, guaranteed.', u'I\u2019ve been chatting with Mr. Johnson and Mr. Lore about their ambitions, and testing each of their services in early, prerelease form. While their companies are completely different \u2014 and, like all start-ups, face long odds in reaching a critical mass of users \u2014 they each represent potentially transformative ways to shop online. Their efforts suggest that online commerce remains a huge area of innovation and opportunity \u2014 and that Amazon, as big and indomitable as it sometimes seems, doesn\u2019t have the whole thing locked up.', u'\u201cE-commerce today is primarily logistics and convenience \u2014 you order today and, boom, get it tomorrow,\u201d Mr. Johnson said in a recent interview at Enjoy\u2019s headquarters, a bustling warehouse in Menlo Park, Calif. That model, he said, would remain a primary way people buy things, but smartphone-powered local delivery networks have also opened up a potential new way of shopping that Mr. Johnson calls \u201cpersonal commerce.\u201d', u'Mr. Johnson began noodling around with the idea that would become Enjoy early in 2014, about a year after he was dumped from a ', u'. He became intrigued, he said, by the possibility of reimagining Personal Setup, a service he created at Apple that offers free in-store assistance to people who buy new products.', u'\u201cI remember when we launched that, Steve said, \u2018Are you sure you can do that? Your stores are busy,\u2019\xa0\u201d Mr. Johnson said. \u201cBut I thought it was the right thing to do. And within a matter of weeks of launching it, well over half the purchases were being set up in a store.\u201d', u'Enjoy, which has recruited several former Apple employees, aims to offer a similar kind of setup, but at a time and place of the customer\u2019s choosing. Among other things, Enjoy\u2019s representatives will show you how to transfer your data from your old smartphone to your new one, train you to shoot and edit video on a GoPro, or explain how to add music to your Sonos audio system. As I saw in my own session with an Enjoy rep, the company will even teach you how to fly your new drone.', u'Enjoy is starting small. The company, which has raised around $30 million from investors, is starting out in just the San Francisco Bay Area this week and in New York City next Wednesday. Enjoy does not compete with Amazon on selection; it offers only about a dozen or so high-margin tech products for sale, among them laptops, GoPros, drones and, in an exclusive deal, smartphones and tablets purchased from AT&T.', u'Mr. Johnson believes that by limiting selection, Enjoy can offer free delivery and setup. Because it only needs to stock high-end products, the company hopes to squeeze enough out of each purchase to cover delivery and personal consultation.', u'Enjoy\u2019s big bet is that it can stock, route and schedule appointments efficiently enough to justify its staff of traveling experts \u2014 all of whom, in an interesting twist, are salaried employees and not hired on contract, a model used by many other logistics start-ups, including Uber.', u'Enjoy is in stark contrast with Jet, which, when it opens to the public in early July, does not aim to start small. Right out of the gate, it makes a huge promise: \u201cYou should never find an item that\u2019s more expensive on Jet than anywhere else,\u201d Mr. Lore told me this week.', u'Mr. Lore says he believes he can keep that promise thanks to an unusual business model. Like Costco, Jet will charge an annual membership fee, in this case $49.99. That fee is intended to free Mr. Lore from making any profit on each item \u2014 and thus pass all potential savings to customers.', u'I\u2019ve been using Jet for about a week and a half, and have found it a work in progress. The site\u2019s selection, search functions and product descriptions are not polished, and it is missing useful features like reviews and recommendations. Mr. Lore said many of these shortcomings should be fixed by the time Jet goes public.', u'Right now, Jet is working well enough to bolster Mr. Lore\u2019s basic claim \u2014 on dozens of items I searched for, Jet was cheaper, sometimes unbelievably so, than Amazon, Walmart or anywhere else online. For instance, a 40-pack of Duracell AA batteries on Amazon sells for $16.99. On Jet, the same pack is $13.70. If you add more items to your cart, Jet reduces the cost further. So, by ordering the batteries as part of a larger cart, I cut the price down to just under $11, about a third less than Amazon\u2019s price.', u'I noticed this effect on multiple orders across a wide range of household staples I usually order, from cooking oil to aluminum foil to shampoo to baby diapers. Jet\u2019s sticker prices are low, but when I created large carts, the prices shrank even more. My child\u2019s diapers, ordered in bulk, cost me 21 cents each, compared with 29 cents at Amazon.', u'Still, there are some disadvantages: Jet\u2019s fastest items ship in two days, slower than Amazon\u2019s next- or same-day shipping, and a huge number of its goods ship in three to five days. It also does not offer an Amazon Prime-like free shipping service; you pay $5.99 for all orders under $35, after which your order ships free.', u'These limitations suggest that Jet is going after an audience that\u2019s different from Amazon\u2019s \u2014 one that is less affluent, less hooked on impulse buying and more interested in discounts. \u201cFor most households, the proposition of paying $50 to Jet and saving $200 for the year, that\u2019s a no-brainer thing,\u201d Mr. Lore said.', u'What\u2019s most fascinating about the e-commerce industry is that neither Mr. Lore\u2019s frontal attack nor Mr. Johnson\u2019s flanking maneuver is an obvious loser. Amazon is almost 22 years old, and every year it captures an ever-greater slice of national shopping. And yet, in the overall scheme of American commerce, it is tiny.', u'Over the holidays, Amazon sold a ', u', more than many large e-commerce companies combined. But ', u' in the same period, meaning that Amazon accounted for just 2 percent of our purchases. In other words, there\u2019s lots of room for new ways to get Americans shopping online.']), ([u'Samsung Elec Says New South Korea Chip Plant to Start Production in First Half of 2017'], [u'PYEONGTAEK, South Korea \u2014  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Thursday its new $14 billion South Korean chip plant, which is expected to help drive growth as smartphone earnings slow, will start production sometime in the first half of 2017.', u"The world's No.2 chip maker by revenue did not specify what products will be made at the new production line, which will be built in the city of Pyeongtaek, south of Seoul.", u'Samsung has said it will invest 15.6 trillion won ($14.4 billion) in the facility, the biggest amount it has ever committed to a single plant.', u'Domestic online news service MoneyToday has also reported that Samsung is set to spend at least another 10 trillion won on the factory to boost capacity although it did not say when the additional investment would take place.', u'"The Pyeongtaek semiconductor plant will play a central role in solidifying leadership in the mobile and server markets, which have shown rapid growth in demand recently, and securing share in the next-generation internet of things market," Samsung said in a statement.', u'Local media have reported that Samsung plans to produce DRAM memory chips at the new plant, but have also said some capacity could be allocated to mobile processors depending on market demand.', u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u"Facebook's Seattle Site Leader Leaves Company"], [u"SEATTLE \u2014  The leader of Facebook Inc's fast-growing Seattle office left the company last month, a spokeswoman for the online social network told Reuters on Wednesday, a crucial personnel change at Facebook's largest engineering office outside of its Silicon Valley headquarters.", u'Engineering manager Paul Carduner, who took over leadership of the Seattle office about six months ago, was in charge of more than 600 people.', u'In February he announced a lease on space in a new building in Seattle with room for more than 2,000 Facebook employees. The office is expecting to move there in January 2016.', u"Facebook did not publicize his departure and it has not been reported previously. No replacement has been named, a source at the company told Reuters, and senior staff in Seattle are sharing Carduner's duties.", u'Carduner did not immediately respond to a request for comment. His Facebook page shows a post saying he left Facebook April 17 and started working from home as a "house husband" on April 18. He does not give any indication of why he left Facebook.', u"The social network's fast-growing Seattle office is the biggest in terms of engineering staff after its Menlo Park, California, headquarters. Facebook is hiring quickly across the board, not just in Seattle. Last quarter it passed 10,000 employees worldwide for the first time.", u"The Seattle office has played a critical role in developing many of the features in Facebook's mobile and messaging apps, and has recruited heavily from local tech companies, especially Microsoft Corp.", u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u"IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers"], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing personalized cancer treatments to more patients.", u'Oncology is the first specialty where matching therapy to DNA has improved outcomes for some patients, inspiring the "precision medicine initiative" President Barack Obama announced in January.', u'But it can take weeks to identify drugs targeting cancer-causing mutations. Watson can do it in minutes and has in its database the findings of scientific papers and clinical trials on particular cancers and potential therapies.', u'Faced with such a data deluge, "the solution is going to be Watson or something like it," said oncologist Norman Sharpless of the University of North Carolina Lineberger Cancer Center. "Humans alone can\'t do it."', u'It is unclear how many patients will be helped by such a "big data" approach, however. For one thing, in many common cancers old-line chemotherapy and radiation will remain the standard of care and genomic analysis may not make a difference.', u'Cloud-based Watson will be used at the centers \u2013 including Cleveland Clinic, Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center in Omaha and Yale Cancer Center \u2013 by late 2015, said Steve Harvey, vice president of IBM Watson Health. The centers pay a subscription fee, which IBM did not disclose.', u"Oncologists will upload the DNA fingerprint of a patient's tumor, which indicates which genes are mutated and possibly driving the malignancy. Watson, recognized broadly for beating two champions of the game show Jeopardy! in 2011, will sift through thousands of mutations and try to identify which is driving the tumor, and therefore what a drug must target.", u'Distinguishing driver mutations from others is a huge challenge. IBM spent more than a year developing a scoring system so Watson can do that, since targeting non-driver mutations would not help.', u'"Watson will look for actionable targets," Harvey said, matching them to approved and experimental cancer drugs and even non-cancer drugs (if Watson decides the latter interfere with a biological pathway driving a malignancy).', u'But Watson has trouble identifying actionable targets in cancers with many mutations. Although genetic profiling is standard in melanoma and some lung cancers, where drugs such as Zelboraf from the Genentech unit of Roche Holding AG target the driver mutation, in most common tumors traditional chemotherapy and radiation remain the standard of care.', u'"When institutions do genetic sequencing, only about half the cases come back with something actionable," Harvey said, often because it is impossible to identify the driver mutation or no targeted therapy exists.', u"The other collaborating centers are Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago; BC Cancer Agency in British Columbia; City of Hope, in Duarte, California; Duke Cancer Institute in North Carolina; McDonnell Genome Institute at Washington University in St. Louis; New York Genome Center, Sanford Health in South Dakota; University of Kansas Cancer Center; University of Southern California Center for Applied Molecular Medicine, and University of Washington Medical Center.", u'(Reporting by Sharon Begley; Editing by Dan Grebler)']), ([u'EU Aims to Cut Sales Tax on Online Newspapers: Juncker'], [u"BRUSSELS \u2014  The EU executive will propose cutting the bloc's sales tax on online newspapers, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday, in a move that would bring them into line with print media.", u"Addressing Germany's newspaper publishers federation BDZV in Brussels, Juncker said the Commission would put forward draft legislation in the first half of next year to extend national governments' right to set reduced rates of ", u' (VAT) on newspapers to their digital versions.', u'The BDZV is among organizations whose complaints prompted the Commission to charge U.S. tech giant Google with antitrust offences last month. It has also been a force in pressing the EU executive to defend the interests of European content providers in an online market dominated by American corporations.', u'Two months ago the EU\'s highest court ruled that reduced rates of VAT applicable to books could not be applied by states to digital e-books. The Commission, which on Wednesday unveiled plans to encourage online business, is reviewing VAT rules. Juncker told the BDZV that VAT should be "technology-neutral".', u'In Germany, printed newspapers are taxed at 7 percent, compared to 19 percent on most other goods. In Britain, papers pay no VAT, while online services are taxed at 20 percent.', u'(Reporting by Tom Koerkemeier; Writing by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Susan Fenton)']), ([u'Game Maker Activision Blizzard Raises Forecast as Digital Sales Grow'], [u'(Reuters) - Videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc raised its full-year profit and revenue forecasts and reported better-than-expected quarterly results, helped by growth in its high-margin digital business.', u'Videogame publishers are shifting to the lucrative digital business from physical sales of games as consumers shift from consoles to playing on smartphones and tablets.', u'Revenue from Activision Blizzard\'s digital business rose 53.3 percent in the first quarter ended March 31 from a year earlier, helped by robust online sales of "Destiny" and its "Call of Duty" franchise.', u'Last month, the company launched "Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft" on iOS and Android mobile phones.', u'Rival Electronic Arts Inc has already made smartphone versions of its top-selling games "Madden NFL" and "FIFA". EA reported better-than-expected results on Tuesday, helped by strong digital sales and the release of "Battlefield Hardline".', u'In May 2006, Activision Blizzard bought RedOctane Inc, the videogame publisher behind the popular Guitar Hero franchise, which has been played by more than 40 million gamers.', u'Activision Blizzard had said earlier that it planned to launch the next generation of Guitar Hero this fall and that the game would be available across consoles, smartphones and tablet devices.', u'"It\'s a good story," Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said, adding that Guitar Hero would "add a lot" to the company\'s slate.', u'Activision Blizzard, also known for its "World of Warcraft", "Skylanders" and "Diablo" franchises, raised its full-year adjusted profit forecast to $1.20 per share from $1.15 earlier.', u'Analysts were expecting a profit of $1.18 per share, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'The company also raised its full-year adjusted revenue forecast to $4.43 billion from $4.40 billion earlier.', u'Activision Blizzard reported adjusted revenue of $703 million in the first quarter, beating the average analyst estimate of $655.4 million.', u"The company's net income rose to $394 million, or 53 cents per share, in the first quarter, from $293 million, or 40 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'On an adjusted basis, it earned 16 cents per share, well above the average estimate of 7 cents.', u"Up to Wednesday's close, Activision Blizzard's shares had risen about 15 percent this year. The stock was little changed in after-market trading.", u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik and Anya George Tharakan in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings)']), ([u"Brain Technology Patents Soar as Companies Get Inside People's Heads"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  From ways to eavesdrop on brains and learn what advertisements excite consumers, to devices that alleviate depression, the number of U.S. patents awarded for "neurotechnology" has soared since 2010, according to an analysis released on Wednesday.', u'Most surprising, concluded market-research firm SharpBrains, is that patents have been awarded to inventors well beyond those at medical companies. The leader in neurotechnology patents, according to the report, is consumer-research behemoth Nielsen.', u'That expansion into non-medical uses, said SharpBrains Chief Executive Alvaro Fernandez, who presented the results at the NeuroGaming conference in San Francisco, shows we are at the dawn of "the pervasive neurotechnology age," in which everyday technologies will be connected to brains.', u'"Neurotech has gone well beyond medicine, with non-medical corporations, often under the radar, developing neurotechnologies to enhance work and life," he said.', u'Patents for neurotechnology bumped along at 300 to 400 a year in the 2000s, then soared to 800 in 2010 and 1,600 last year, SharpBrains reported.', u'Those awarded to medical device company Medtronic PLC, for instance, include ways to use electroencephalography (EEG) to measure the severity of a brain lesion. Several held by medical technology company St. Jude Medical Inc. describe ways to change brain activity to, say, improve vision.', u'But it is the explosion in non-medical uses, such as controlling video games with brain waves, that is driving neurotechnology.', u'SharpBrains measured "intellectual property (IP) strength" by number of neurotechnology patents as well as patent quality, reflected in how many other patents reference them, for instance.', u'By that measure, Nielsen leads the pack, with patents describing ways to detect brain activity with EEG and translate it into what someone truly thinks about, say, a new product, advertising, or packaging.', u"Microsoft Corp. holds patents that assess mental states, with the goal of determining the most effective way to present information. If software knows a user's attention is wandering, it could hold back complicated material.", u'Another Microsoft patent describes a neuro-system that claims to discern whether a computer user is amenable to receiving advertisements.', u'Such patents reflect the enthusiasm for neuro-monitoring, something many scientists say has not been shown to be more effective than, say, asking people what they think about a product.', u"On a lighter note, an EEG patent awarded to San Jose-based biosensors company NeuroSky describes a design for a headset that could deliver music based on a user's brainwaves, perhaps a ballad when the listener is feeling contemplative.", u'(Reporting by Sharon Begley; editing by Andrew Hay)']), ([u'Factbox-Leaders in U.S. Neurotechnology Patents'], [u'(Reuters) - Leaders in neurotechnology, which ranges from noninvasive systems that use magnetic stimulation to treat depression to devices that let gamers control avatars with only their thoughts, include some expected medical-device companies but also several surprises, according to an analysis by market-research firm SharpBrains. Its "IP Strength Index" reflects the number of patents as well as their breadth and influence:', u'Patents holder\t\t\t\tIP Strength Index', u'1. The Nielsen Company\t\t100', u'2. Advance Neuromodulation Systems \t99', u'(St. Jude Medical Inc.)', u'3. Medtronic PLC \t\t\t98', u'4. Microsoft Corp. \t\t89', u'5. Brainlab\t\t\t\t\t76', u'6. Posit Science\t\t\t\t76', u'7. BodyMedia\t\t\t\t\t73', u'(Jawbone)', u'8. Neuronetics\t\t\t\t72', u'9. NeuroPace\t\t\t\t\t72', u'10. Accenture PLC\t\t\t72', u'11. General Electric Co.\t\t72', u'(Reporting by Sharon Begley; editing by Andrew Hay)']), ([u'U.S. Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School'], [u'NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends.', u"But early in her studies at New York's Columbia University, Malik took a computer science class and felt out of place in such a male-dominated environment - a common experience for women and minorities seeking work in an industry dominated by white men.", u'"I didn\'t see many of the women around me get into this (field), so I felt like I didn\'t really need this," Malik, 31, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u'The technology industry is plagued not only by a gender gap but also by a broad lack of inclusiveness that affects minorities too, experts say.', u'"If you don\'t have a diverse group (of workers), how are you going to address the needs of a diverse group of people?" Robin Hauser Reynolds, the San Francisco-based director of a documentary on the topic, said in an interview with the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u"It wasn't always this way.", u'Reynolds\' documentary film "Code: Debugging the Gender Gap," shows that women played a key role in the early days of computer science and technology.', u"Ada Lovelace, an English mathematician and Lord Byron's daughter who lived in the 19th century, was one of the first women pioneers in the field.", u'Computer scientist and U.S. Navy Rear Admiral Grace Hopper is widely credited with creating a groundbreaking programming language in the 1950s.', u'In the mid-1980s, women accounted for 30 percent to 40 percent of computer science students in the United States. Today that has dropped to about 16 percent, according to data cited by the National Science Foundation (NSF).', u'Tech giant Google reported that 30 percent of its global workforce were women as of January 2014, while Twitter had a 30 percent global female workforce, and Yahoo 37 percent, according to data from the companies.', u'WHY SO FEW WOMEN?', u"Reynolds' documentary, screened at this year's ", u', delves into the question of why the tech industry has become a "boys\' club".', u'"It\'s a deeply cultural problem, it\'s a stereotype problem" that begins early on in the classroom, Reynolds said.', u'Until the age of about 13 in middle school, girls fare just as well as boys in math and science, but then they stop raising their hand with the right answer, she said.', u'"Suddenly, they\'re conscious of their image, they don\'t want to be the nerdy girls, the smart girls. They want to be the cool and popular girls."', u'Many young women who enroll in computer science in college feel isolated and out of place and, like Reynolds\' daughter, drop out of the course, discouraged by the predominance of the "nerd" or "geek", the young man who spends day and night looking at numbers and code on a computer screen.', u'"The way the classes are being taught, the make-up of the classes in college, that\'s part of the pipeline issue," said Reynolds.', u'Joanne Cohoon, an associate professor of science, technology and society at the University of Virginia, has said that girls are often expected to have interests that are fundamentally different from those of boys, and that this can create a gender imbalance in work like computer science.', u'If computer science was mandatory in schools in the United States - as it is, for example, in Britain - girls would be more comfortable with the subject from an early age, Reynolds said.', u'"We should be teaching (girls) that actually you can get into fashion, into film, all sorts of really cool things (with code)."', u'FILLING THE GAP', u'The dearth of women and minorities in the tech world also creates an economic problem, she said.', u'A study cited by the White House said 1.4 million computer science jobs would be available by 2020, but only 400,000 graduates would be there to fill the openings.', u'"The need (for women) is drastic," said Cohoon, who runs workshops with her husband to help teachers increase the number of girls and minorities taking computer science classes.', u'Despite the initial hurdles, Malik did pursue a career in computer science and now works at Codecademy, a website that teaches people how to code and to build websites, among other things - and says that half its users are women.', u"Bonnie Eisenman, a software engineer at Codecademy, said Reynolds' film exposed many of the tech industry's problems.", u'"If (I) show up to a tech meeting, I am usually asked where my boyfriend is," she said. "It\'s an environment where people just don\'t expect you to be there."', u"(This story corrects 'he' to 'she' in paragraphs 14 and 21)", u'(Reporting by Maria Caspani, Editing by Ros Russell and Tim Pearce)']), ([u'Swatch CEO Says Will Release New Battery for Watches, Cars: Paper'], [u"ZURICH \u2014  Switzerland's Swatch Group plans to release a new long-life battery for smartwatches in 2016, the watchmaker's chief executive told a Swiss newspaper.", u'Swatch CEO Nick Hayek also told Swiss weekly Handelszeitung the new battery would be applicable to cars.', u'"Whoever brings a battery for a smartwatch to the market that you don\'t need to charge for six months has a competitive advantage," Hayek said in an interview, extracts of which were published on Wednesday.', u'"We\'re working intensively on this problem with our research group Belenos and battery producer Renata. Next year we will come to the market with a revolutionary battery, not only for watches but also for automobiles."', u"A spokesman for Swatch confirmed Hayek's comments.", u"In March, Swatch, world's largest watchmaker, unveiled its riposte to Apple Inc's smartwatch. The group outlined plans to put cheap programmable chips in watches that will let wearers make payments with a swipe of the wrist.", u"Reviewers of the Apple Watch were critical of the device's relatively poor battery life, which is up to 18 hours according to Apple.", u'(Reporting by Joshua Franklin, editing by David Evans)']), ([u'SIM Sales Soar as Myanmar Races to Catch Up in Telecoms'], [u"YANGON \u2014  Myanmar, long one of the world's least connected nations in terms of telecommunications, is now racing to catch up, providing a boost to the foreign mobile companies allowed into the country last year.", u'The number of mobile phone SIM cards in the south-east Asian country of 51 million people has shot up to more than 18 million from around one million just three years ago, according to data compiled by Reuters.', u"That has surprised some of the foreign entrants, who expected more modest growth in one of the world's poorest nations.", u'"The Myanmar economy has had more money in circulation than we had originally expected," said Telenor Chief Executive Jon Fredrik Baksaas on Wednesday, after the Norwegian mobile firm posted an unexpected profit in Myanmar. "We will now increase the speed of our roll-out."', u'Myanmar was ruled for 49 years by the military, which placed strict controls over communications and built little infrastructure. In a 2012 report, telecoms equipment firm Ericsson said only about one million people in Myanmar had access to mobile phones.', u'Huge swathes of the country were not covered by the patchy network of state-owned Myanmar Posts and Telecommunications (MPT). SIM cards, which sold for thousands of dollars when they were first introduced, fetched around $200 as recently as April 2013 -- far out of reach of the average citizen.', u'That started to change after a semi-civilian government took power in March 2011 and initiated sweeping reforms, including granting two licenses to foreign telecoms operators.     Qatar\u2019s Ooredoo launched its service last August followed by Telenor a month later, while MPT has partnered with Japan\u2019s KDDI Corp.    All three operators have been building telecoms towers, increasing the range of Myanmar\u2019s network and allowing more SIM cards into the market, bringing the price down to about $2.', u'And Myanmar\u2019s 51.4 million people are buying them en masse.', u'There are now at least 18.1 million SIM cards in active use, according to the operators, not including cards that have been sold but are not used regularly.', u'MPT told Reuters last week it had 8.4 million customers, while Ooredoo said in its quarterly report on April 29 that it had 3.3 million.', u'Ooredoo Myanmar CEO Ross Cormack said on Wednesday demand had "met, if not exceeded, our expectations", adding most customers were using the Internet, with 80 percent of those using smartphones.', u'Telenor has 6.4 million customers in Myanmar, it said on Wednesday. It launched with 70 towers and has been adding 200 a month. Its network now covers more than half the population, Tor Oddland, a regional vice-president, told Reuters.', u'Under the terms of their 15-year licence, foreign operators are required to provide voice services across three-quarters of the country within five years and data services across half.', u'(Additional reporting by Joachim Dagenborg in OSLO, and Aung Hla Tun and Hnin Yadana Zaw in YANGON; Editing by Mark Potter)']), ([u'Oculus to Sell Virtual Reality Headsets for Consumers From Early 2016'], [u'(Reuters) - Virtual reality technology company Oculus said it would start shipping the much-awaited consumer version of its Rift headset in the first quarter of 2016.', u'Pre-orders for Rift will start later this year, Oculus, which Facebook Inc bought for $2 billion last year, said.', u'Previous versions of the VR headset, available since 2012, were aimed at developers to make games and run tests. The consumer version was widely expected sometime this year.', u'"In the weeks ahead, we\'ll be revealing the details around hardware, software, input, and many of our unannounced made-for-VR games and experiences coming to the Rift," the company said on a blog post. (', u')', u'(Reporting by Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'Lower Costs Help Motorola Solutions Beat Profit Estimates'], [u'(Reuters) - Motorola Solutions Inc, a maker of walkie-talkies and radio systems, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by strong demand in North America and lower operating expenses.', u'Cost cuts and a stronger dollar led to a $60 million decline in its operating expenses in the fist quarter ended April 4, Motorola Solutions said on Wednesday.', u'The dollar has surged about 20 percent in the past year against a basket of major currencies.', u'Motorola Solutions said in February that it managed to cut its operating expenses by more than $200 million by the end of 2014 and expected further savings of about $150 million this year.', u'Revenue from North America, from where Motorola Solutions get about 60 percent of its revenue, increased 6 percent. Total revenue was marginally down at $1.22 billion \u2014 slightly above the average analyst estimate of $1.19 billion.', u'Net income from continuing operations attributable to Motorola Solutions rose to $87 million, or 40 cents per share, in the first quarter ended April 4, from $85 million, or 33 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'Excluding items, the company earned 38 cents per share, much ahead of the 25 cents analysts expected.', u'Motorola Solutions forecast a 3-5 percent fall in sales for the second quarter.', u"The company's dependence on government spending has increased after it sold its enterprise business to Zebra Technologies Corp last year.", u'Bloomberg had reported in April that Motorola Solutions failed to find a buyer after seeking to drum up interest from private-equity funds and large industrial companies.', u"Motorola Solutions shares have fallen about 12.7 percent this year through Tuesday's close.", u'(Reporting by Arathy S Nair and Abhirup Roy in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'China Drone Maker DJI Wins Backing From Silicon Valley Investor'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Chinese ', u' maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has secured one of its largest investments yet from a Silicon Valley venture capital firm that was an early backer of Internet pioneers such as Facebook Inc, Etsy Inc and Dropbox.', u'The Shenzhen-based company, a global leader in selling commercial and recreational drones, said on Wednesday that Palo Alto, California-based Accel Partners had agreed to invest $75 million in the company to help fund its expansion.', u'The companies declined to comment on how the investment would value DJI, but DJI was in talks last month to raise capital at a valuation of $10 billion, according to people familiar with the matter.', u'DJI said talks continue with other potential partners and investors but no more near-term partnerships are expected. Details of the Accel agreement are expected in coming weeks.', u'"The investment, one of Accel\u2019s largest single investments, is part of a broader effort between the two organizations to help DJI\u2019s global expansion efforts," DJI said in a statement.', u'Viewed by U.S. and European rivals as a low-end producer of drones, with its most popular aircraft models priced at about $1,200, DJI has said it intends to develop more sophisticated drones for industrial customers.', u'DJI estimates it already has about 70 percent of the commercial market worldwide and a larger portion of the consumer market.', u'Accel partner Sameer Gandhi said his firm spent a year meeting with more than 100 drone-focused hardware and software companies before choosing DJI as an investment partner.', u'"We share the long-term vision of creating a next-generation robotic platform to open the skyways to all kinds of consumer and business applications," he told Reuters.', u'DJI has already established a strong early lead in the U.S. commercial market as companies turn to its inexpensive, light-weight flying devices for a host of uses from shooting films to mapping and site inspections.', u'The Chinese manufacturer has also converted drone technology into non-UAV (unmanned aerial vehicles) camera and image transmission products for film and television.', u"Known for its early backing of Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook, Accel was one of the social network's largest shareholders when it went public in 2012. The firm has also played a role in backing multibillion-dollar technology startups such as Flipkart, Dropbox, Spotify, Cloudera and Slack.", u'Prior to DJI, Accel said it had led an investment in Skydio, which makes drone navigation systems using computer vision, image sensors and motion-planning algorithms.', u'(Reporting by David Morgan in Washington; Editing by Soyoung Kim and Ken Wills)']), ([u"Inmarsat's GlobalXpress Being Used in Nepal Ahead of Global Launch"], [u"(Reuters) - The first of Inmarsat's high-capacity GlobalXpress satellites is being used in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake and ahead of a global launch for the technology set for later this year, the company said on Wednesday.", u'"We were able to rush terminals into Nepal, and the feedback from that has been great," Chief Executive Rupert Pearce said following release of the British satellite maker\'s first-quarter earnings.', u'The terminals provide voice and broadband data capability to help emergency relief workers communicate and media broadcast to send pictures.', u'It launched the second satellite for its new GlobalXpress high-capacity service in February which is not yet in service and a third is scheduled to go into orbit at the end of May or early June, Pearce said.', u'He said worldwide commercial service would start in August or September, slightly later than planned due to launch timings.', u'But he said he remained confident GlobalXpress would generate revenue of $500 million five years after it starts global commercial service.', u'Inmarsat on Wednesday reported first-quarter revenue of $304.8 million, down from $344.7 million a year earlier as continued cuts in government defense budgets offset higher demand from shipping and aircraft.', u'"It was a very slightly soft start but it picked up well during the quarter," Pearce said. "We are going at a decent lick into the second."', u'Shares in the company, which had risen 28 percent since the start of the year to reach an all-time high of 1,022.6 pence on Friday, were down 3 percent to 957 pence by 0756 GMT on Wednesday.', u'(Reporting by Paul Sandle; editing by Jason Neely)']), ([u'Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Before Crash: Bild'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild reported.', u'Prosecutors believe 27-year-old German co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit and steered the plane into a mountainside on a flight from Barcelona to Duesseldorf on March 24.', u"Bild, citing sources close to France's BEA crash investigation agency, said an interim report that BEA was planning to publish on Wednesday would say that Lubitz had practiced reducing flight altitude on the outbound flight from Duesseldorf to Barcelona the same day as the crash.", u'Bild cited the sources as saying the BEA report would talk about a "controlled descent that lasted for minutes and for which there was no aeronautical justification".', u'The BEA said it would issue a preliminary report on Wednesday but declined to comment on its contents or on the Bild report.', u'Lubitz had suffered from severe depression in the past and a computer found in his home showed he had used the Internet to research ways of committing suicide in the days leading up to the crash.', u'Prosecutors also found torn-up sick notes at his home, showing he should not have flown on the day of the flight.', u'Lufthansa, which owns Germanwings, declined to comment on the Bild report, pointing to the ongoing investigation.', u'(Reporting by Michelle Martin; Additional reporting by Tim Hepher and Victoria Bryan; Editing by G Crosse and Andrew Heavens)']), ([u'Review: Small Life Enhancements Come With Apple Watch'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Watch isn't so much a lifestyle revolution as it is a collection of small enhancements that add up.", u"Apple's smartwatch has a wider range of apps than rival watches from Samsung, Motorola and others. In my few weeks with one, I've been following my favorite baseball team more closely. I've walked to places without staring at a phone screen for directions. I've stepped away from my desk more often \u2014 despite my annoyance at the watch for nagging me to move.", u"You'll find ways to use it if you decide to spend $349 or more on one, though that isn't saying you absolutely need one. Think of it as a Swiss Army knife with a collection of tools that don't seem necessary \u2014 until you find yourself using them.", u'___', u'INFORMATION SNACKING', u"Notifications are central to the watch experience, whether that's a new message, breaking news or a score change involving the New York Mets. In some cases, I can dictate a reply or select a pre-written response. The current temperature appears on my chosen watch face with Mickey Mouse. I glance at the watch throughout the day, but I need the phone for anything deep.", u"Though I like not having to constantly pull out my phone, I have to resist feeling that everything's urgent. When the watch dinged during a massage, I held out for just a few seconds before the temptation to check took over. It was easier to resist with the phone in the backpack. It's a tricky balance getting the watch to enhance your life, rather than take it over.", u'___', u'PASSES AND PAYMENTS', u"With Apple Pay on iPhones, I'm able to leave my wallet in my pocket to pay at several chains, including McDonald's and Whole Foods. With the watch, I'm able to leave my phone in the pocket, too.", u"The watch can also generate barcodes for Starbucks' payment card, Fandango movie tickets and boarding passes for some airlines. I don't have to fish for paper or a phone while carrying luggage or popcorn. But if the merchant's scanner isn't hand-held or adjustable, you might have to twist your wrist to align the barcode with the scanner. Wrists might not fit at all under scanners designed for paper.", u'___', u'STAYING HEALTHY ... AND BEING LAZY', u'Apple Watch tracks calories burned and minutes of exercise. It also pushes you to stand up and move around throughout the day. Three colorful rings display your progress, turning fitness into a game. Apps from outside parties offer additional features, such as the route you ran.', u"All three pulse readings during an emergency-room visit Tuesday matched the watch's (Tattoos can disrupt the heart monitor, though). A quick tap with Apple Pay paid for my cab there.", u"I was worried that promised battery life is just 18 hours, given that I tax the watch with heavy exercise. But I haven't had problems as long as I charge it overnight. It doesn't track sleep, as other devices do.", u"Offsetting the health benefits: I can control video on Apple TV instead of getting up to grab the physical remote. I can also control the phone's camera for selfies. Parents with kids can set timers remotely for Nick Jr. and PBS Kids \u2014 and end arguments over screen time and bedtime.", u'___', u'EXPECTATIONS RAISED', u"In many cases, I need to assemble features from multiple apps. For walking and driving directions, Apple's Maps taps my wrist when it's time to turn. But it doesn't do transit. Citymapper does, but lacks turn-by-turn navigation to get to the subway. It's back to Apple Maps for that.", u"There is no Facebook or any Google apps yet, though you get notifications that normally go to the phone. Facebook's Instagram is available and lets you like photos, but limits commenting to 24 emoticons.", u"I'm continually learning about new apps, including Evernote for dictating reminders and other notes. It'll take time for app developers to write the capabilities and for me to discover them. It'll also take time to fully get used to all the gestures and controls, though I was much better at it after a few days.", u"I have to remind myself that the Apple Watch is a first-generation product that's giving me a lot I didn't have before. With other smartwatches, I'm happy just to get basic functionality. Apple Watch is good at the basics, so I'm now demanding more."]), ([u'Dave Goldberg Mourned by Charmed Leaders of Tech and Poker Buddies'], [u'STANFORD, Calif. \u2014  For a few hours on Tuesday, Silicon Valley stopped rushing headlong into the future.', u'Dave Goldberg\u2019s memorial service had no golden screens, no world-changing dreams or epic lines of code. About 1,700 people, most of whom, in the world\u2019s eyes, seem blessed beyond imagining, paused to contemplate fate and mortality. Many wept.', u'Mr. Goldberg ', u' from head injuries after ', u'at a luxury villa in Mexico, according to the authorities. He was 47 and the chief executive of SurveyMonkey, an online polling service.', u'His widow is ', u', the chief operating officer of Facebook. Mr. Goldberg was a star at Yahoo, and Ms. Sandberg was at ', u' before she joined Facebook. Between them, they seemed to know almost everyone among the leaders in entertainment, tech and politics.', u'\u201cToday we will put the love of my life to rest, but only his body,\u201d Ms. Sandberg, who had not previously spoken publicly about her husband\u2019s death, told those assembled at the Stanford Memorial Auditorium. \u201cHis spirit and soul are still with us.\u201d', u'Tributes have poured in for Mr. Goldberg. President Obama\u2019s office ', u' that Mr. Goldberg \u201cembodied the definition of a real leader.\u201d The Walt Disney Company moved the timing of its earnings release so executives could attend the service.', u'Memorial Auditorium, dedicated in 1937 to Stanford\u2019s dead from what was then called the Great War, was full on Tuesday. Many prominent people attended: the director George Lucas and John Doerr of the venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers; the actor Ben Affleck; and, of course, Mark Zuckerberg, the founder of Facebook.', u'Bono sang \u201cOne,\u201d to a simple accompaniment. \u201cIt\u2019s one need in the night,\u201d he said. Above all, \u201cwe get to carry each other.\u201d He ended in silence.', u'After the invited guests traded stories of the last time they\u2019d seen Mr. Goldberg and expressed gratitude for each other\u2019s company, the family entered from behind a midnight blue curtain.', u'Ms. Sandberg said the family had received \u201can outpouring of love\u201d in the days after Mr. Goldberg\u2019s death. She said she was \u201cgrateful for every call, every post, every Facebook message.\u201d', u'\u201cI married my best friend and we had 11 years together,\u201d she said, calling Mr. Goldberg her \u201crock.\u201d For her, it was an experience of being \u201cdeeply understood, truly loved,\u201d she added.', u'Slides traced Mr. Goldberg\u2019s life, from a childhood in Minnesota to adulthood, unabashed in his plastic Viking helmet and smiling as he introduced his children to the president of the United States. Except for a few baby photos, he was never alone in the pictures.', u'Speakers, some of whom had known Mr. Goldberg when he was a student at Harvard, portrayed a man blessed with the ', u' and business acumen.', u'There was space too for Mr. Goldberg\u2019s ample humor, his joy in life and his skill at playing cards \u2014 half of the eight speakers were from a beloved poker group. \u201cWe went to Vegas almost 35 times,\u201d said Phil Deutch, an energy investor. \u201cThe real number is 47. One year was on a Mother\u2019s Day \u2014 in hindsight, that was a mistake.\u201d', u'Every speaker promised to remember Mr. Goldberg\u2019s loving, solicitous nature and take that to Ms. Sandberg, who now has two children to raise alone.', u'Later on Tuesday, Ms. Sandberg posted comments about her husband on ', u'.', u'At the entrance to the room, two tie racks bore instructions for people to leave behind the neckwear Mr. Goldberg hated. And at the exit, mourners could pick up a deck of cards inscribed with Mr. Goldberg\u2019s initials before emerging into Stanford\u2019s midday sun.', u'\u201cI hope he knew how much he was loved,\u201d said Reid Hoffman, the founder of LinkedIn. \u201cI wish he could feel it.\u201d']), ([u'Uber Ceases Kansas Operations in Face of Stricter Oversight'], [u'(Reuters) - Ride-hailing service Uber on Tuesday said it ceased operations in Kansas after the state legislature decided to override Governor Sam Brownback\u2019s veto of a bill that will impose stricter regulations on ride-hailing services.', u'Uber said the bill makes it impossible for it to operate in the state.', u"The Kansas Senate on Tuesday voted 96-25 to override Brownback's veto of the Kansas Transportation Network Company Services Act.", u'The bill requires companies to certify that drivers have comprehensive and collision insurance, and requires new drivers to undergo a background check performed by the Kansas Bureau of Investigation. (', u')', u'Uber says it already conducts its own third-party background checks and provides commercial ', u' coverage.', u'The company has been fighting with cities across the United States, contending it is not a taxi service and should not be required to adhere to existing taxicab regulations.', u"Uber said in March it would halt operations in Anchorage, Alaska, until the city can work out details enabling the company's drivers to accept paying fares.", u'In Oregon, the city of Eugene sued Uber in March, asking the court to stop Uber from operating until it meets what the city calls "minimum safety requirements."', u'Uber in February said it would suspend operations in Boise, Idaho, after reaching an impasse in negotiations with city leaders over new regulations.', u'(Reporting by Ramkumar Iyer in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u"Tea to Tech: China's Cybersecurity Push Sparks a 'Gold Rush'"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  Zhang Long made his fortune selling Pu'er fermented tea and handcrafted furniture from the mountains of his native Yunnan Province in southwest China.", u"Last November, the 49-year old entrepreneur, who has no technology background, strode into a Beijing ballroom to pitch his latest made-in-China product: SPGnux, a Linux-based operating system he says could replace Microsoft Corp's Windows.", u'"Information security is vital to the interests of China and the interests of the Chinese people," Zhang proclaimed as a marketing video flashed images of former U.S. National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden on large monitors.', u"Snowden's disclosures in 2013 of U.S. cyberspying and security holes in American technology products have prompted China's government to accelerate a broad campaign to replace foreign technology with Chinese-developed systems.", u"And that has triggered a frenzy among state-affiliated software firms, investors and savvy businessmen - all hoping to capitalize on Silicon Valley's waning grip over China's $450 billion-a-year enterprise computing market.", u"Some of those who've entered the fray look better equipped to succeed than others.", u"When Hongqi, a software company that developed China's most successful operating system during the 2000s, but which has since struggled, put itself up for sale last year, bidders included a coal magnate, an aviation company and a food transport provider. It was eventually sold to a company with a background in household cleaning for just $6 million.", u'"We\'re in a new bubble because of Snowden," said He Weijia, a former director at Hongqi. "These bosses don\'t need that much money or expertise to get into the game, but the payoff can be potentially large."', u"International venture capitalists say China's start-ups are more attractive bets than before as Beijing is backing the enterprise computing sector much like it did Internet firms in the last decade.", u'"This is obviously an area that the government wants to develop or promote - how is this different from Baidu in 2003?" said a China-based partner of a Silicon Valley venture capital firm, referring to the Chinese search engine that debuted in New York a decade ago and is now worth $75 billion.', u'VIABLE OR NOT?', u'With an unorthodox resume and a penchant for gold watches, Zhang is an unlikely beneficiary of the post-Snowden rush to push local technology - a race that also illustrates how the industry in China is often influenced by the political climate.', u'After the Snowden leaks, Microsoft said it would stop supporting Windows XP, leaving many computer systems potentially vulnerable to hackers. Incensed, Chinese leaders banned Windows 8 in retaliation, while antitrust regulators last year opened an investigation into Microsoft, focusing on its Windows and Office software sales practices.', u'Charlie Dai, a senior analyst at Forrester, said a few Chinese firms, including Shanghai-based Standard Software and Wuhan-based Deepin, both part-owned by or tied to the central government, have created viable operating systems for desktop PCs, but Chinese banks are wary of using local software on servers that process the most critical data.', u"Qiao Yong, a Standard Software vice president, said Chinese technology has matured, but it will take years before a big state agency like China's social security fund feels comfortable to transfer its servers to a local operating system.", u'The cybersecurity debate has helped raise the profile of China\'s Linux developers, Qiao said, but it\'s also been a distraction. "Some leaders think we can do this overnight, but it will take a very long time to reach a one-third market share, much less reach Microsoft\'s level."', u'LIBIDO BOOSTER', u'Zhang says his Kunming-based Sipu Enterprise Group has rolled out more than 10 versions of SPGnux, including ones in English, Chinese and Arabic. Since the Snowden revelations the number of government offices using SPGnux has more than doubled to 1,600, and his company is profitable, he said, declining to detail financial or sales figures.', u'"No one believed in us because we started at zero," said Zhang, who employs more than 200 people working on SPGnux and counts Ni Guangnan, an influential member of China\'s Academy of Engineering and Lenovo Group\'s founding chief technology officer, as one of his firm\'s supporters.', u"Public records show Sipu's software has been purchased by agencies including China's State Oceanic Administration.", u'Aside from software, tea and furniture, Zhang said he has invested in films, runs an import-export business and sells powdered Maca, a Peruvian herbal supplement prized for its libido-boosting effects.', u'He said he is looking beyond China, too, and is courting customers in the Middle East and Southeast Asia, markets he believes also want an alternative to Microsoft.', u'"I don\'t think of products as having nationalities," he said, smiling. "I only follow market demand."', u'(Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Descent on Outbound Flight Before Crash: Report'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild said on Tuesday.', u'Prosecutors believe 27-year-old German co-pilot Andreas Lubitz locked the captain out of the cockpit and veered the plane into an early descent on a flight from Barcelona to Duesseldorf on March 24.', u"Bild, citing sources close to France's BEA crash investigation agency, said an interim report that BEA was planning to publish on Wednesday would say that Lubitz had practiced reducing flight altitude on the outbound flight from Duesseldorf to Barcelona the same day as the crash.", u'Bild cited the sources as saying the BEA report would talk about a "controlled descent that lasted for minutes and for which there was no aeronautical justification".', u'Lubitz had suffered from severe depression in the past and a computer found in his home showed he had used the Internet to research ways of committing suicide in the days leading up to the crash. Prosecutors also found torn-up sick notes at his home showing he should not have flown on the day of the flight.', u'(Reporting by Michelle Martin, editing by G Crosse)']), ([u'Nvidia to Wind Down Icera Modem Operations'], [u'(Reuters) - Nvidia Corp said it would wind down its Icera modem operations, and was open to a sale of the technology or operations.', u'The company said it expects to wind down the operations in the second quarter of fiscal 2016.', u'Nvidia said it expects to partner with third-party modem suppliers, and will no longer develop its own.', u'The company completed the acquisition of Icera Inc for $352.2 million in June 2011.', u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila)']), ([u"Game Publisher EA's Profit, Revenue Trump Estimates"], [u'(Reuters) - Video game publisher Electronic Arts Inc, known for titles such as "FIFA" and "Madden NFL", posted better-than-expected quarterly earnings and revenue on Tuesday, helped by strong digital sales and the release of "Battlefield Hardline".', u'EA, whose shares rose as much as 6.5 percent to $62.98 in extended trading, also announced a buyback program of up to $1 billion and forecast full-year earnings above analyst estimates.', u"EA's digital business, which includes software distributed through the Internet, now accounts for more than half of the company's revenue and will continue to grow, Chief Financial Officer Blake Jorgensen told Reuters.", u'EA forecast an adjusted profit of $2.75 per share for the year ending March 31, above the average estimate of $2.64, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'"The guidance is clean and really high ... their margins are going up and their costs are staying low," Wedbush Securities analyst Michael Pachter said.', u'However, EA forecast a breakeven current quarter on an adjusted basis. Analysts on average were expecting a profit of 19 cents per share.', u'Jorgensen said EA would not release any games in the current quarter. "Consensus was really built on last year\'s numbers. The Street didn\'t have full visibility to our title plan yet," he said.', u'Revenue will be more concentrated in the second half of the fiscal year than it was last year, he said.', u'"Star Wars Battlefront", which comes out in mid-November before the Star Wars movie, will be EA\'s biggest title this year, he added.', u'SHIFT TO MOBILE', u'EA has boosted revenue by offering its popular PC and online games on mobile devices, using a high-margin "freemium" model in which games are available for free but are monetized through advertising or by charging gamers for additional features.', u'EA and Visceral Games launched "Battlefield Hardline" in mid-March, and the physical retail version topped research firm NPD Group\'s March Top 10 Games list.', u'More than 30 million sessions of "Battlefield Hardline" were played in the quarter, the company said.', u"EA's net income rose to $395 million, or $1.19 per share, for the fourth quarter ended March 31, from $367 million, or $1.15 per share, a year earlier.", u'Revenue rose 5.5 percent to $1.19 billion.', u'On an adjusted basis, EA earned 39 cents per share on revenue of $896 million. Analysts expected a profit of 25 cents per share and revenue of $850.2 million.', u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings and Ted Kerr)']), ([u'US Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School'], [u'NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends.', u"But early in her studies at New York's Columbia University, Malik took a computer science class and felt out of place in such a male-dominated environment - a common experience for women and minorities seeking work in an industry dominated by white men.", u'"I didn\'t see many of the women around me get into this (field), so I felt like I didn\'t really need this," Malik, 31, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u'The technology industry is plagued not only by a gender gap but also by a broad lack of inclusiveness that affects minorities too, experts say.', u'"If you don\'t have a diverse group (of workers), how are you going to address the needs of a diverse group of people?" Robin Hauser Reynolds, the San Francisco-based director of a documentary on the topic, said in an interview with the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u"It wasn't always this way.", u'Reynolds\' documentary film "Code: Debugging the Gender Gap," shows that women played a key role in the early days of computer science and technology.', u"Ada Lovelace, an English mathematician and Lord Byron's daughter who lived in the 19th century, was one of the first women pioneers in the field.", u'Computer scientist and U.S. Navy Rear Admiral Grace Hopper is widely credited with creating a groundbreaking programming language in the 1950s.', u'In the mid-1980s, women accounted for 30 percent to 40 percent of computer science students in the United States. Today that has dropped to about 16 percent, according to data cited by the National Science Foundation (NSF).', u'Tech giant Google reported that 30 percent of its global workforce were women as of January 2014, while Twitter had a 30 percent global female workforce, and Yahoo 37 percent, according to data from the companies.', u'WHY SO FEW WOMEN?', u"Reynolds' documentary, screened at this year's ", u', delves into the question of why the tech industry has become a "boys\' club".', u'"It\'s a deeply cultural problem, it\'s a stereotype problem" that begins early on in the classroom, Reynolds said.', u'Until the age of about 13 in middle school, girls fare just as well as boys in math and science, but then they stop raising their hand with the right answer, he said.', u'"Suddenly, they\'re conscious of their image, they don\'t want to be the nerdy girls, the smart girls. They want to be the cool and popular girls."', u'Many young women who enroll in computer science in college feel isolated and out of place and, like Reynolds\' daughter, drop out of the course, discouraged by the predominance of the "nerd" or "geek", the young man who spends day and night looking at numbers and code on a computer screen.', u'"The way the classes are being taught, the make-up of the classes in college, that\'s part of the pipeline issue," said Reynolds.', u'Joanne Cohoon, an associate professor of science, technology and society at the University of Virginia, has said that girls are often expected to have interests that are fundamentally different from those of boys, and that this can create a gender imbalance in work like computer science.', u'If computer science was mandatory in schools in the United States - as it is, for example, in Britain - girls would be more comfortable with the subject from an early age, Reynolds said.', u'"We should be teaching (girls) that actually you can get into fashion, into film, all sorts of really cool things (with code)."', u'FILLING THE GAP', u'The dearth of women and minorities in the tech world also creates an economic problem, he said.', u'A study cited by the White House said 1.4 million computer science jobs would be available by 2020, but only 400,000 graduates would be there to fill the openings.', u'"The need (for women) is drastic," said Cohoon, who runs workshops with her husband to help teachers increase the number of girls and minorities taking computer science classes.', u'Despite the initial hurdles, Malik did pursue a career in computer science and now works at Codecademy, a website that teaches people how to code and to build websites, among other things - and says that half its users are women.', u"Bonnie Eisenman, a software engineer at Codecademy, said Reynolds' film exposed many of the tech industry's problems.", u'"If (I) show up to a tech meeting, I am usually asked where my boyfriend is," she said. "It\'s an environment where people just don\'t expect you to be there."', u'(Reporting by Maria Caspani, Editing by Ros Russell and Tim Pearce)']), ([u"IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers"], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing personalized cancer treatments to more patients.", u'Oncology is the first specialty where matching therapy to DNA has improved outcomes for some patients, inspiring the "precision medicine initiative" President Barack Obama announced in January.', u'But it can take weeks to identify drugs targeting cancer-causing mutations. Watson can do it in minutes and has in its database the findings of scientific papers and clinical trials on particular cancers and potential therapies.', u'Faced with such a data deluge, "the solution is going to be Watson or something like it," said oncologist Norman Sharpless of the University of North Carolina Lineberger Cancer Center. "Humans alone can\'t do it."', u'It is unclear how many patients will be helped by such a "big data" approach, however. For one thing, in many common cancers old-line chemotherapy and radiation will remain the standard of care and genomic analysis may not make a difference.', u'Cloud-based Watson will be used at the centers \u2013 including Cleveland Clinic, Fred & Pamela Buffett Cancer Center in Omaha and Yale Cancer Center \u2013 by late 2015, said Steve Harvey, vice president of IBM Watson Health. The centers pay a subscription fee, which IBM did not disclose.', u"Oncologists will upload the DNA fingerprint of a patient's tumor, which indicates which genes are mutated and possibly driving the malignancy. Watson, recognized broadly for beating two champions of the game show Jeopardy! in 2011, will sift through thousands of mutations and try to identify which is driving the tumor, and therefore what a drug must target.", u'Distinguishing driver mutations from others is a huge challenge. IBM spent more than a year developing a scoring system so Watson can do that, since targeting non-driver mutations would not help.', u'"Watson will look for actionable targets," Harvey said, matching them to approved and experimental cancer drugs and even non-cancer drugs (if Watson decides the latter interfere with a biological pathway driving a malignancy).', u'But Watson has trouble identifying actionable targets in cancers with many mutations. Although genetic profiling is standard in melanoma and some lung cancers, where drugs such as Zelboraf from the Genentech unit of Roche Holding AG target the driver mutation, in most common tumors traditional chemotherapy and radiation remain the standard of care.', u'"When institutions do genetic sequencing, only about half the cases come back with something actionable," Harvey said, often because it is impossible to identify the driver mutation or no targeted therapy exists.', u"The other collaborating centers are Ann & Robert H. Lurie Children's Hospital of Chicago; BC Cancer Agency in British Columbia; City of Hope, in Duarte, California; Duke Cancer Institute in North Carolina; McDonnell Genome Institute at Washington University in St. Louis; New York Genome Center, Sanford Health in South Dakota; University of Kansas Cancer Center; University of Southern California Norris Comprehensive Cancer Center, and University of Washington Medical Center.", u'(Reporting by Sharon Begley; Editing by Dan Grebler)']), ([u'Firms Could Record Some Phone Calls Without Consent Under California Bill'], [u'SACRAMENTO, Calif. \u2014  Companies would no longer have to tell consumers they are recording some cellphone conversations until 20 seconds into the calls under a bill approved Tuesday by a committee in the California legislature.', u"The bill by freshman assembly member Evan Low, a Democrat from the state's Silicon Valley tech hub, would remove a provision in state law making it illegal for companies to record all cellphone conversations without the express consent of the consumer if the person has done business with the company or owes it money.", u'The bill was opposed by numerous advocates for consumers and seniors, including the Consumer Federation of California and the American Civil Liberties Union.', u'"At a time when consumers are more and more concerned about businesses invading their privacy, it is wrong to be considering rolling back an important privacy law," said Richard Holober, executive director of the Consumer Federation of California, testifying against the bill on Tuesday.', u'Low has said his bill simply seeks to clarify the law, which was written before mobile phones were commonly used and forbids the recording of confidential conversations.', u'That law has been interpreted as allowing the recording of non-confidential conversations on landline phones, but not with regard to mobile phones.', u'His bill would allow companies to record conversations deemed "non-confidential" on cellphones for the first 20 seconds, something consumer advocates said could allow companies to try to catch consumers in an apparent admission that they owe a debt or understand a pricing scheme.', u'The bill is currently slated to go next to the assembly floor for consideration, although it may be routed to another committee first once new amendments are analyzed.', u'(Reporting by Sharon Bernstein; Editing by Lisa Lambert)']), ([u'Siemens, Regulator Deny China Bribery Report'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  Siemens AG and China\'s State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), a competition regulator, denied a Reuters report that the SAIC investigated the German group\'s healthcare unit and its dealers for "commercial bribery".', u'"The SAIC has not launched a commercial bribery investigation into Siemens Healthcare Unit," a spokesperson for the regulator said in a statement on its website.', u'Senior Germany-based Siemens spokesman Matthias Kraemer said in response to the Reuters article: "The fact is, a branch of Administration of Industry and Commerce (AIC) in Shanghai is looking into Siemens Healthcare\'s Laboratory Diagnostics marketing and business model, which is common worldwide in the industry."', u'"Contrary to the recent media reports, the probe is neither corruption-related nor related to any personal benefits to individuals," he said, adding Siemens was working closely with AIC to dispel its concerns and "expects to resolve the matter in the near future."', u'(Reporting by Adam Jourdan and Engen Tham; Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Nokia Could Decide to Keep Navigation Unit: Chairman'], [u'HELSINKI \u2014  Telecom network equipment maker Nokia could decide not to sell its navigation business HERE when it has completed a review of the unit, its chairman said.', u'The Finnish company last month confirmed it was considering a possible divestment of the business after announcing an all-share take-over of network gear rival Alcatel-Lucent.', u'HERE, seen valued at up to 6.9 billion euros  ($7.7 billion), has reportedly drawn interest from automakers and car-parts suppliers as well as Internet services like Facebook and online taxi service Uber.', u'Nokia Chairman Risto Siilasmaa, however, on Tuesday said there was no predetermined outcome of the review, adding that the firm was not a forced seller.', u'"This is the right time for the review, not only because of the Alcatel-Lucent deal but also because navigation markets have changed in the last years," he said in a speech at the company\'s annual general meeting.', u'"I\'d like to stress that the review will not necessarily lead to selling of HERE. We strongly believe in the possibilities to develop HERE also as part of Nokia. Above all, this is a question of finding the best possibilities for HERE to create value."', u'The book value of the unit is about 2 billion euros, but Inderes Equity Research has valued it at 4.4 billion to 6.9 billion euros, based on a sum-of-parts calculation.', u'Nokia last week reported quarterly profits at its networks business well below market forecasts, sending its stock tumbling and raising concerns over the Alcatel-Lucent deal.', u"HERE's sales in the first quarter rose 25 percent from a year ago to 261 million euros, and Nokia updated the full-year profitability outlook of the unit to an operating margin range of 9-12 percent from earlier 7-12 percent.", u'(Reporting By Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Keith Weir)']), ([u'JetBlue Airways and Amazon.com Agree to Stream Media In-Flight'], [u"(Reuters) - JetBlue Airways Corp and Amazon.com Inc have agreed to stream television, movies and music from the Internet retailer in-flight, broadening travelers' entertainment options, the companies said Tuesday.", u"The service will be available on a majority of JetBlue's aircraft this year via the airline's free Wifi, so passengers can use their laptops and mobile devices.", u'Travelers can rent or buy titles from Amazon, or stream content at no extra cost if they are Amazon Prime members. The companies did not disclose the commercial terms of the agreement.', u'"This is the most comprehensive offering of entertainment content for any airline anywhere in the world," said Henry Harteveldt, a founder of the travel-focused Atmosphere Research Group. He said most competitors don\'t have Wifi fast enough to support video-streaming and instead rely on fixed media libraries.', u'The companies appear to be forging a "very close" relationship, he said, and Amazon might pay JetBlue to help keep the airline\'s Wifi free so that passengers can buy from the retailer.', u'(Reporting By Jeffrey Dastin in New York; Editing by Grant McCool)']), ([u'Rocket Internet Portfolio Value Up 77 Percent From Market Listing'], [u"WALLDORF, Germany \u2014  German e-commerce investor Rocket Internet's push into the takeaway delivery business was a big contributor to a 77 percent rise in its loan portfolio value since its initial public offering in October.", u'The Berlin-based tech start-up investment company, viewed as a launch pad for future stock market listings of everything from online fashion to home furnishings to food delivery, said the loan portfolio value of its top dozen investments rose by 2.0 billion euros ($2.22 billion) from 2.6 billion euros at the time of its October stock market listing.', u'Much of the increase in the value of what Rocket calls its "proven winners," came from investments in food delivery, such as Foodpanda, which has been on an buying spree across Asia, Eastern Europe and Latin America. It also includes stakes in various online fashion and general merchandise e-commerce sites.', u"Delivery Hero, in which Rocket holds a 39 percent stake, said earlier it had agreed to buy Turkey's largest online food takeaway company, Yemeksepeti, in a deal valued at $589 million. It also acquired Greece's top takeaway delivery company, e-Food, Rocket said, without giving financial details.", u"Rocket's Global Takeaway Delivery holding group has operations in 71 countries and generates 1 billion euros in gross merchandise volume, the company's chief executive said.", u'"We are the largest online takeaway delivery group, outside China, in the world," said Rocket CEO Oliver Samwer.', u"Europe's biggest Internet company reported 2014 sales of 104.0 million euros ($115.7 million) compared with 72.5 million euros in 2013.", u'The consensus revenue forecast was 119.83 million euros, according to Thomson Reuters data.', u'Rocket only reports revenue from investments in which it holds a majority stake under German accounting rules. It holds mostly minority stakes in more than 100 start-ups it has funded since it was founded in 2007.', u'Rocket said its "proven winners" portfolio of a dozen companies posted average weighted net revenue growth of 82 percent. The company holds majority stakes in only three of its 12 most established companies, according to published data.', u'Rocket reported a net loss of 20.2 million euros compared with a profit of 174.2 million in 2013, when results were boosted by the sale of now independent online retailer Zalando.', u'Four analysts forecast a net loss, on average, of 192.45 million euros for 2014, according to Thomson Reuters data. The small number of analysts who cover the company do not expect Rocket to make a profit until 2017.', u'Its shares dipped 0.9 percent to 45.68 euros, not far off the 42.50 euro level at which its initial public offering was priced. The stock has seesawed in the seven months since then and has fallen 11 percent so far this year.', u'(Reporting by Eric Auchard; Editing by louise Heavens)']), ([u'U.S. Jury Orders Motorola Mobility to Pay $10 Million in Fujifilm Patent Suit'], [u"(Reuters) - Motorola Mobility said a U.S. jury ordered the company to pay $10.2 million in damages for using Fujifilm Corp's patented technology in its phones without permission.", u'Fujifilm Corp, a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Fujifilm Holdings Corp, sued Motorola in 2012, accusing the company of infringing three of its patents on digital camera functions and a fourth patent relating to transmitting data over a wireless connection such as Bluetooth.', u'The damages the jury ordered on Monday were lesser than the $40 million Fujifilm sought while going into the trial, which began on April 20.', u"The jury in San Francisco said Motorola, a unit of China's Lenovo Group, proved that three of the disputed patents - two on face recognition and one on wifi-bluetooth were invalid. Motorola failed to prevail on a patent related to converting color images to monochrome.", u'"We are pleased with the verdict related to three out of the four patents and are evaluating our options on the one patent on which we did not prevail," Motorola spokesman William Moss said in an email.', u'A spokeswoman for Fujifilm did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u'Motorola, which Lenovo bought from Google Inc last year, had argued that the Fujifilm patents should be canceled because they were not actually new or they were obvious compared to previously patented inventions. The company also argued it already held a license to Bluetooth technology.', u'The case is Fujifilm Corp v. Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc et al, in the U.S. District Court for the California Northern District, No. 12-cv-3587.', u'(Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bengaluru and Andrew Chung in New York; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'With Boxing Match, Video Piracy Battle Enters Latest Round: Mobile Apps'], [u'The method used by thousands of people to watch unauthorized broadcasts of Saturday night\u2019s big boxing match might have been new, but to longtime media executives, who have led one battle against piracy after another, it was the same old story.', u'Technology and its acolytes always find a way to make their content free.', u'In the latest case, the tools used to watch the welterweight boxer ', u' included mobile apps, from Meerkat and ', u'\u2019s Periscope, that let people live-stream the pay-per-view bout by capturing their TV screens with the cameras on their smartphones.', u'But live streaming from mobile apps is just one of the new piracy headaches facing media companies. Executives are stepping up efforts to fight Popcorn Time, an app with a slick user interface that makes using the years-old BitTorrent file-sharing technology as easy as Netflix. And they are scrambling to take down websites that illegally broadcast sports and other live events.', u'\u201cThe challenge is technology is far outpacing the rules and regulations around media usage,\u201d said Rich Greenfield, an analyst at BTIG Research. \u201cMedia contracts never anticipated Periscope.\u201d', u'Mr. Greenfield watched the boxing match himself on Periscope, and at one point ', u' on Twitter showing nearly 10,000 people logged on to a single broadcast of the match.', u'Media executives describe digital piracy as a never-ending game of Whac-a-Mole. As soon as networks and studios figure out a way to stamp out one issue, another emerges. The Motion Picture Association of America, the trade association for the major Hollywood studios, has waged legal battles against different file-sharing technologies since the early 2000s.', u'It has been particularly difficult for the group to stamp out BitTorrent, a decentralized file-sharing system that does not rely on any single website or software program to allow people to download bootlegged movies and television shows. ', u', a firm that works with media companies to track online piracy, said that BitTorrent downloads of HBO\u2019s \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d \u2014 the most pirated television show globally \u2014 increased 45 percent in the weeks before the show\u2019s season premiere in April compared with the same weeks a year earlier.', u'Popcorn Time, created and maintained by a loose-knit global group of programmers, has made it far easier to use BitTorrent by giving it a polished interface, in which movies and television shows are displayed for downloading with official artwork.', u'Last week, the M.P.A.A. persuaded a high court in Britain to grant an order requiring five major Internet service providers to block access to four websites that make the Popcorn Time application available for downloading. \u201cPopcorn Time has no legitimate purpose and it only serves to infringe copyright,\u201d Stan McCoy, an executive at the Motion Picture Association, the M.P.A.A.\u2019s international offshoot, said in a statement.', u'Netflix recently called the rise of Popcorn Time \u201csobering.\u201d It pointed to ', u' comparing the words Netflix, HBO and Popcorn Time that showed a significant spike in searches for the piracy site, with more searches for Popcorn Time than HBO and about the same level of searches for Popcorn Time and Netflix.', u'Netflix has deemed piracy a \u201cconsiderable long-term threat,\u201d primarily outside America.', u'Television executives said they could not say whether piracy cut into business for Saturday\u2019s boxing match, which cost $100 on pay-per-view, until they see audience numbers this week. HBO and Showtime, which jointly broadcast the fight, anticipated that piracy would be a problem going into the match.', u'In late April, a judge in United States District Court in Los Angeles granted a request by the networks for a restraining order blocking two websites \u2014 ', u' and ', u' \u2014 from providing unauthorized streams of the fight. Both sites had advertised the streams ahead of time, a lawsuit filed by the networks said.', u'An even newer outlet for video are the mobile streaming apps, services that tech companies are racing to embrace. Facebook, for example, now allows Meerkat users to broadcast streams to their Facebook pages.', u'The TV networks contacted Periscope and Meerkat \u2014 both of which have ', u' among mobile users since first appearing several weeks ago \u2014 before and during the fight about piracy concerns, according to two media executives who would speak only on the condition of anonymity to preserve relations with the technology companies. Some TV executives said the methods the two app makers offered to remove copyrighted material were not as responsive as those in place by YouTube, the Google-owned video-streaming site that media companies have tangled with for years.', u'Periscope was already on the radar of HBO, which sent takedown notices to the company last month after people used the app to stream episodes of \u201cGame of Thrones.\u201d While the impact of the live-streaming apps appears to be small for now, media executives are concerned about how big it could one day become.', u'During the boxing match, complaints immediately came in to Periscope. But unlike older platforms like YouTube and Ustream, Periscope requires copyright holders to email takedown requests, which are individually reviewed. A Twitter spokeswoman said the company received 66 requests from copyright holders and 30 of the streams were disabled; the others had stopped streaming or were no long available.', u'The spokeswoman, Rachel Millner, said that Periscope respected intellectual property rights, \u201cand we\u2019re working to ensure that robust tools are in place so we can react expeditiously.\u201d', u'During the boxing match, Periscope\u2019s co-founder and chief executive, Kayvon Beykpour, personally fielded many of the takedown requests. And on Sunday ', u': \u201cPiracy does not excite us. Trust me, we respect IP rights & had many people working hard to be responsive last night (including myself).\u201d', u'Mr. Beykpour also suggested that an exultant tweet Saturday by Dick Costolo, Twitter\u2019s chief executive, had been misinterpreted.', u', \u201cAnd the winner is...@periscopeco,\u201d referring to Periscope\u2019s Twitter account name.', u'Mr. Beykpour, who was traveling on Monday and unavailable for an interview, indicated on Twitter that the excitement was over the official use of the app before the match, not the pirated streams.', u'Ben Rubin, chief executive of Meerkat, did not respond to an email on Monday requesting comment about the use of his company\u2019s app in piracy. But in ', u', Mr. Rubin said: \u201cHad fun working w/ @CBS last night. We were able 2 keep both users & rights owners happy, even got a thank you note,\u201d and he posted an excerpt from the note. Showtime is owned by CBS.']), ([u'Apple TV Remote Expected to Add Touch Pad in Redesign'], [u' has long ridiculed remote controls for being too complex. Now after eight years of a minimalist design for its Apple TV remote, the company is revising the device\u2019s design.', u'When Apple introduces its new TV box this summer, the remote control will gain a touch pad and also be slightly thicker than the current version, according to an employee briefed on the product, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the device was confidential. The touch pad can be used for scrolling around and there will also be two physical buttons, the person said. The remote\u2019s thicker size is comparable to the remote control for Amazon\u2019s wireless speaker, the Echo, the person added.', u'Tom Neumayr, an Apple spokesman, declined to comment on the product.', u'The current Apple TV remote has been an important case study for Apple\u2019s employee training program, ', u'. In one course, instructors compared the Google TV\u2019s remote control, which had 78 buttons, with the Apple TV remote, a thin piece of metal that in its current version has three buttons. The Apple remote was used to show how the company\u2019s product designers started out with an idea and debated until they had just what they needed for the device to be usable and easy to understand, according to people who have taken the course.', u'Steve Jobs, Apple\u2019s co-founder, had long emphasized simplicity in product design, an aesthetic that had long permeated the company\u2019s offerings. One of his core values was making complex computer technologies feel understandable and natural.', u'Adding a touch pad to the Apple TV remote would bring it in line with Apple\u2019s other accessories. Apple\u2019s wireless mouse, the Magic Mouse, and Apple\u2019s Magic Trackpad both have touch controls.', u'The redesign for the new remote will be the first big change to the Apple remote since the Apple TV\u2019s introduction in 2007. The Apple TV is essentially a set-top box that connects to a television, allowing people to stream content over an Internet connection. The first Apple TV included a plastic white remote with a few buttons. The following version was metal with minor changes to the buttons.', u'The new Apple TV is expected to be introduced this June during Apple\u2019s annual conference for software developers, according to the employee briefed on the remote. Apple has held talks with a number of leading television groups to offer an Internet-based TV service this year for its Apple TV, iPhone and iPad, according to people briefed on the company\u2019s plans.', u'The service will offer a bundle of channels that is smaller and cheaper than the broad catalog of offerings in a typical cable subscription, according to these people.']), ([u'Dave Goldberg, Silicon Valley Executive, Died of Head Trauma, Mexican Official Says'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 Dave Goldberg, the chief executive of SurveyMonkey and husband of ', u' of Facebook, died of head trauma Friday night after he collapsed at the gym at a private villa in Mexico, according to a Mexican government official.', u'Mr. Goldberg, 47, was on vacation with family and friends at a private beach-front villa near the Four Seasons Resort in Punta Mita, a large development with two hotels and numerous private residences close to Puerto Vallarta in southwest Mexico, according to a spokesman for the prosecutor\u2019s office in Nayarit State.', u'Mr. Goldberg left his room around 4 p.m. on Friday, collapsed while exercising and died of head trauma and blood loss, said the spokesman. His brother, Robert Goldberg, found him on the floor of a gym at around 7 p.m., with blood around him. The spokesman said it appeared \u201che fell off the treadmill and cracked his head open.\u201d', u'Mr. Goldberg was transported to Hospital San Javier in Nuevo Vallarta, with weak vital signs, and died there, said the spokesman, who added that the episode appeared to be an accident. Mark Zuckerberg, chief executive of Facebook and a friend of the family, had said the death occurred while Mr. Goldberg was on vacation with Ms. Sandberg.', u'Mr. Goldberg\u2019s ', u', but no cause or details of where it occurred were disclosed at that time. The lack of information prompted a wave of speculation about what happened to Mr. Goldberg, who was well regarded as an entrepreneur and mentor and was the less famous half of one of ', u'.', u'Ms. Sandberg, the chief operating officer of Facebook, has made no public statements about her husband\u2019s death.', u'John O\u2019Sullivan, general manager of the Four Seasons Punta Mita, said in a phone interview that there had not been any incident at the areas of the resort managed by the company, which did not include the private villa where Mr. Goldberg was staying.', u'The family is planning an invitation-only celebration of Mr. Goldberg\u2019s life on Tuesday at Stanford Memorial Auditorium. Men planning to attend were urged not to wear ties \u201cin keeping with Dave\u2019s lifelong hatred of ties,\u201d according to an emailed invitation sent to friends of the couple. The invitation added, \u201cOut of respect for the family, please do not take pictures or post to social media\u201d from the event.', u'The Walt Disney Company said it would move the time of its second-quarter earnings release on Tuesday so executives could attend the funeral. Ms. Sandberg is a Disney board member.', u'Mr. Goldberg, who worked at Yahoo and at a venture capital firm before running SurveyMonkey, lived with Ms. Sandberg in Menlo Park, Calif. They have two children. He is also survived by his mother, Paula Goldberg.', u'SurveyMonkey, a start-up that makes web survey technology, has not yet named an interim successor to Mr. Goldberg. Selina Tobaccowala is the company\u2019s president, and Tim Maly is its chief operating officer and chief financial officer.']), ([u'Joseph Lechleider, a Father of the DSL Internet Technology, Dies at 82'], [u'In the late 1980s, Joseph W. Lechleider came up with a clever solution to a puzzling technical problem, making it possible to bring high-speed Internet service to millions of households. His idea earned him a place in the ', u' as one of the fathers of the Internet service known as DSL.', u'Mr. Lechleider, who died on April 18 at his home in Philadelphia at 82, was an electrical engineer at the Bell telephone companies\u2019 research laboratory, Bellcore. At the time, the phone companies wanted to figure out a way to send signals at high speed across ordinary copper wire into homes, mainly to compete with cable television companies and offer interactive video services.', u'Applying digital technology was the best route to sidestep the limitations of copper wire, but there was still a barrier. When the data speeds in both directions \u2014 downloading and uploading \u2014 were the same, there was a lot of electrical interference that slowed data traffic to a crawl.', u'Mr. Lechleider figured out that such meddlesome interference \u2014 known as electrical crosstalk \u2014 could be substantially reduced if the download speeds were far faster than the upload speeds. This approach became known as the asymmetric digital subscriber line. And these digital subscriber lines, or DSL, were how big phone companies like AT&T and Verizon brought fast broadband Internet into homes.', u'\u201cJoe Lechleider\u2019s idea was a simple, elegant solution to the problem,\u201d said ', u', an emeritus professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University. \u201cHis contribution was essential to the development and spread of the Internet.\u201d', u'Mr. Lechleider\u2019s death was confirmed by his son, Dr. Robert Lechleider, who said the cause was cancer of the esophagus. Besides his son, he is survived by his wife, Marie; his daughter, Pamela; and four grandchildren.', u'Joseph William Lechleider was born on Feb. 22, 1933, in Brooklyn. He attended Brooklyn Technical High School and earned his undergraduate degree from Cooper Union and a Ph.D. from the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn.', u'Upon graduation, he went to work for General Electric for a few years, and in 1955 he joined Bell Labs. After the 1982 court order breaking up American Telephone & Telegraph, the research arm of the regional Bell companies was established as Bellcore.', u'Mr. Lechleider\u2019s insight about how to increase data speed came when he was 55. He had spent decades studying signal processing, so he was deeply grounded in the field. But Mr. Lechleider, according to Mr. Cioffi, was something of an iconoclast in a large, often bureaucratic organization.', u'\u201cHe was not afraid to take a risk and fight for a new idea,\u201d Mr. Cioffi said.', u'Mr. Lechleider was fueled by a wide-ranging curiosity, his son said. Two walls of his study, he recalled, were bookshelves, double-stacked, with books on subjects ranging from physics to philosophy. The study also had a bust of Albert Einstein, whom Mr. Lechleider revered for advancing ideas that challenged accepted wisdom.', u'Digital subscriber lines were not an immediate success. Early versions were not capable of video-on-demand services, the market the Bell companies originally wanted to enter. And when the Internet began to take off in the 1990s, most consumers went online using dial-up modems, which increased the demand for second phone lines in homes. That was a good business for the phone companies, and a familiar one. Why opt for this new DSL technology?', u'\u201cThere was considerable skepticism,\u201d Mr. Lechleider ', u' with The Wall Street Journal in 2003. \u201cThere were people who didn\u2019t want to deploy it. There were people who didn\u2019t think it would work. Many of them weren\u2019t sure there was a market for it.\u201d', u'But as the web added more data-rich images, music and video, the demand for affordable, higher-speed communications services surged. And DSL technology afforded the phone companies a path to do that for years without having to undertake the costly alternative of installing fiber-optic cable into homes.', u'Mr. Lechleider contributed a key idea. But it was younger engineers like Mr. Cioffi who developed DSL modem technology.', u'The inexpensive cleverness of DSL technology, industry analysts say, meant the phone companies did not invest heavily to upgrade their broadband systems, as did the cable companies, like Comcast and Time Warner Cable. The cable operators initially feared competition from satellite television, but their investment paid off, allowing them to offer ever-faster Internet service.', u'\u201cDSL allowed the phone companies to milk another two decades out of their copper infrastructure,\u201d said ', u', a telecommunications analyst. \u201cBut the phone companies now find themselves far behind the cable companies in the speeds they can offer.\u201d', u'Mr. Lechleider was not an early adopter of Internet technology. But when he signed up for high-speed service, he chose cable.', u'Yet his son recalled first getting DSL service years ago in his own home and, realizing how much faster it was than dial-up service, thinking of his father. \u201cI loved him for it,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Brazil Judge Lifts Injunction Suspending Uber Ride-Share Service'], [u'SAO PAULO \u2014  A Brazilian judge on Monday struck down an injunction issued last week calling for the suspension of the U.S-based Uber ride-sharing service throughout the country.', u'The State Court of Sao Paulo ruled on April 28 that Uber, which allows users to summon a ride with their smartphones, was in violation of regulations on the use of taxis and ordered the company to cease operations immediately.', u'Uber did not immediately comply and its services were not interrupted.', u'Another judge ruling on the legality of the injunction decided on Monday that the court had acted out of its purview.', u'Uber press representatives in Brazil did not immediately respond to a request for comment.', u"Uber drivers are private citizens who use their own cars to pick up the service's customers. The drivers do not have to pay steep taxi license fees and they bypass local laws, leaving Brazil's taxi companies crying foul over unfair competition.", u'"A decision like this is extremely frustrating," said Ivana C\xf3 Crivelli, a lawyer for the Sao Paulo State Taxi Workers\' Union. "Cab drivers are people who are fighting for their livelihood. Their work is professional and regulated."', u'Crivelli said the group was evaluating further legal options.', u"The world's most valuable venture-backed startup with a valuation of about $40 billion, Uber is facing legal challenges across Europe and the United States, where local taxi drivers have taken to the streets and courts to fight it.", u'(Reporting by Alberto Alerigi, Jr.; Writing by Asher Levine; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'John Chambers Steps Aside at Cisco as Generational Shift Arrives'], [u'Technology\u2019s older generation of rebels has now almost completely disrupted itself.', u'Over the last few years, longtime leaders of industry giants like Microsoft, Oracle, Intel and IBM have stepped down, in departures that signal the passing of one tech era and the beginning of another. In many cases, their successors now struggle with updating their companies, which were largely built in a world of personal computers and packaged software, for one of mobile devices, cloud computing, sensors and software everywhere.', u'On Monday, perhaps the last veteran leader of the old guard signaled it was time to leave the corner office \u2014 if only for a move down the hall. John T. Chambers, chief executive of ', u' since 1995, said he was stepping down effective July 26, to be succeeded by a longtime ', u' sales executive.', u'\u201cHe is the last of the lions, presiding over years of incredible growth,\u201d said George Colony, chief executive of Forrester Research, a market research firm.', u'Mr. Chambers\u2019s successor, Charles H. Robbins, is 49, and joined Cisco, the networking equipment maker, in 1997, just two years after Mr. Chambers became C.E.O. Mr. Chambers, 65, will remain as executive chairman. The company said that Mr. Chambers would spend time supporting the company\u2019s new chief and \u201cengaging closely with customers and governments around the world.\u201d', u'The transition is another sign of a generational shift in Silicon Valley. In September, ', u' at Oracle, the world\u2019s largest maker of database software. Like Mr. Chambers, Mr. Ellison became the company\u2019s executive chairman and remains active.', u'In August 2013, Steven A. Ballmer said he would step down as head of Microsoft, and he was succeeded in February 2014 by ', u'. Unlike Mr. Ellison or Mr. Chambers, Mr. Ballmer cut his ties with Microsoft and left the board in August. He now gives commands from the ', u' ', u' basketball team, which he purchased for $2 billion in May 2014.', u'In addition, just months before Mr. Ballmer announced his decision to step down as Microsoft chief, there was a passing of the guard at the chip maker Intel, with Brian M. Krzanich becoming chief executive to succeed Paul S. Otellini. The year before, in 2012, Virginia M. Rometty took the place vacated by Samuel J. Palmisano as head of IBM.', u'Even as the executive suites at these large companies have turned over, a web-focused and mobile-proficient group of companies now dominate the technology scene, including Facebook and Google. Many of these are run by much younger leaders than Mr. Chambers, especially Google\u2019s Larry Page, 42, and Facebook\u2019s Mark Zuckerberg, 30. Their companies have powerful networks but are primarily devoted to software, and an ethos that information should be ubiquitous and shared.', u'\u201cNow it\u2019s a young man\u2019s game,\u201d Mr. Colony said.', u'Cisco makes much of the gear that runs the Internet, notably digital information switches. It also supplies equipment for the world\u2019s telecommunications infrastructure, and for teleconferencing, video and Wi-Fi networks. It had sales of $47.1 billion in the 2014 fiscal year, compared with $1.2 billion in 1994, just before Mr. Chambers took over.', u'Investors appeared to take the news of the executive shift in stride. Cisco stock closed at $29.17, up 4 cents.', u'Yet the world Mr. Robbins is facing is unquestionably changing, and in a way that is fundamentally different from what Cisco is good at, Mr. Colony noted.', u'"Chuck is going to have to break a lot of glass and change a lot of culture at Cisco,\u201d he said.', u'In a call with reporters alongside Mr. Chambers, Mr. Robbins said he would \u201cbe looking at ways to support our current strategy,\u201d parts of which he might tweak to move faster.', u'Mr. Chambers and Mr. Robbins said Cisco would stress its recent forays into building networks for Internet-connected sensors, the so-called Internet of Things. Companies like General Electric and Google have been working extensively in this area as well. Mr. Robbins indicated that Cisco would be investing more in areas like computing and data storage, to add more value to its products.', u'Mr. Chambers, who has been active in Republican politics, said he \u201cprobably won\u2019t\u201d run for office. \u201cMy wife is my high school sweetheart,\u201d he said, \u201cI plan on spending more time with her than I have in many years.\u201d', u'Under Mr. Chambers, Cisco became the world\u2019s dominant networking equipment provider. The rise came on a combination of technical excellence, aggressive acquisitions, and Mr. Chambers\u2019s irrepressible salesmanship. For a brief period during the dot-com bubble in the late 1990s, Cisco was the world\u2019s most valuable company.', u'Yet the stock has struggled for much of the 15 years since the bubble burst, forcing Mr. Chambers to spend billions buying back Cisco\u2019s shares. The shares are at their highest since 2007, though still less than half their value in 2000.', u'Increasingly, Cisco is facing new competitors offering cheap systems consisting largely of off-the-shelf chips and software, instead of Cisco\u2019s proprietary technology. Companies that were once allies, like Dell and EMC, have also become rivals. Dell now sells switches based on open-source software. A company largely owned by EMC, VMware, owns a substantial software-based networking business.', u'Mr. Chambers at first dismissed the new technologies, but lately has offered products with more software, as well as a place for Cisco\u2019s older components. Cisco also began focusing on the Internet of Things.', u'So far it is a modest business, with a lot of competitors \u2014 particularly among an old guard looking for a new act.', u'Ms. Rometty at IBM has also made smarter systems a priority, spending several billion dollars on cloud computing and related technology. At Intel, Mr. Krzanich has pushed into both mobile devices and machines to crunch the loads of data created by big new computing systems. And at Microsoft, Mr. Nadella last week ', u' for independent software developers to work on Microsoft\u2019s cloud and mobile products, along with new technologies like three-dimensional goggles.', u'Along with these competitors, Cisco faces new aspirants, who work more with off-the-shelf components and software. One of these companies is Arista Networks, which is staffed by several former Cisco executives. ', u' last December, citing patent infringement. Arista fired back, calling Cisco\u2019s actions \u201ca smear campaign.\u201d', u'Mr. Robbins will be running Cisco under the close watch of Mr. Chambers, who in the eyes of some Cisco watchers is only nominally leaving the corner office.', u'\u201cHe\u2019s from the same cloth as John, a sales guy,\u201d said Timothy Zimmerman, an analyst with Gartner. \u201cThe major issue is that there has to be a stronger hand in product creation.\u201d', u'Mr. Robbins must also contend with the fact that Mr. Chambers\u2019s nonstop salesmanship over the last two decades, along with the departure of so many executives over the years, has made him very much the public face of Cisco.']), ([u"Mexico Says No Criminal Probe Planned in Death of SurveyMonkey's Goldberg"], [u"MEXICO CITY \u2014  Mexican authorities have no plans for a criminal investigation into the death of SurveyMonkey CEO Dave Goldberg after autopsy results showed it was accidental and there were no signs of violence, the local state prosecutor's office said on Monday.", u'Goldberg, the spouse of Facebook Inc Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, died after falling off a hotel gym treadmill and hitting his head, a spokesman for the Nayarit state prosecutor said earlier.', u'(Reporting by Gabriel Stargardter; Editing by Simon Gardner)']), ([u'The Path to a Wearable Future Lies in Academia'], [u'(Reuters) - For a glimpse of what is, what might have been and what may lie ahead in wearable devices, look beyond branded tech and Silicon Valley start-ups to the messy labs, dry papers and solemn conferences of academia.', u"There you'd find that you might control your smartphone with your tongue, skin or brain; you won't just 'touch' others through a smart Watch but through the air; and you'll change how food tastes by tinkering with sound, weight and color.", u"Much of today's wearable technology has its roots in these academic papers, labs and clunky prototypes, and the boffins responsible rarely get the credit some feel they deserve.\xa0", u'Any academic interested in wearable technology would look at today\'s commercial products and say "we did that 20 years ago," said Aaron Quigley, Chair of Human Interaction at University of St. Andrews in Scotland.', u'Take multi-touch - where you use more than one finger to interact with a screen: Apple popularized it with the iPhone in 2007, but Japanese academic Jun Rekimoto used something similar years before.\xa0', u"And the Apple Watch? Its Digital Touch feature allows you to send doodles, 'touches' or your heartbeat to other users. Over a decade ago, researcher Eric Paulos developed something very similar, called Connexus, that allowed users to send messages via a wrist device using strokes, taps and touch.", u'"I guess when we say none of this is new, it\'s not so much trashing the product," says Paul Strohmeier, a researcher at Ontario\'s Human Media Lab, "but more pointing out that this product has its origins in the research of scientists who most people will never hear of, and it\'s a way of acknowledging their contributions."', u"VAMBRACES, KIDS' PYJAMAS", u"Those contributions aren't all pie-in-the-sky.", u"Strohmeier and others are toying with how to make devices easier to interact with. His solution: DisplaySkin, a screen that wraps around the wrist like a vambrace, or armguard, adapting its display relative to the user's eyeballs.", u"Other academics are more radical: finger gestures in the air, for example, or a ring that knows which device you've picked up and automatically activates it. Others use the surrounding skin - projecting buttons onto it or pinching and squeezing it. Another glues a tiny touchpad to a fingernail so you can scroll by running one finger over another.", u"Then there's connecting to people, rather than devices.", u'Mutual understanding might grow, researchers believe, by conveying otherwise hidden information: a collar that glows if the wearer has, say, motion sickness, or a two-person seat that lights up when one occupant has warm feelings for the other.', u"And if you could convey non-verbal signals, why not transmit them over the 'multi-sensory Internet'? Away on business? Send a remote hug to your child's pyjamas; or deliver an aroma from one phone to another via a small attachment; or even, according to researchers from Britain at a conference in South Korea last month, transmit tactile sensations to another person through the air.", u'And if you can transmit senses, why not alter them?', u"Academics at a recent Singapore conference focused on altering the flavor of food. Taste, it seems, is not just a matter of the tongue, it's also influenced by auditory, visual and tactile cues. A Japanese team made food seem heavier, and its flavor change, by secretly adding weights to a fork, while a pair of British academics used music, a virtual reality headset and color to make similar food seem sourer or sweeter to the eater.", u'MAKING THE GRADE', u"It's hard to know just which of these research projects might one day appear in your smartphone, wearable, spoon or item of clothing. Or whether any of them will.", u'"I don\'t think I\'m exaggerating when I say that 99 percent of research work does not end up as \'product\'," says Titus Tang, who recently completed a PhD at Australia\'s Monash University, and is now commercializing his research in ubiquitous sensing for creating 3D advertising displays. "It\'s very hard to predict what would turn out, otherwise it wouldn\'t be called research."', u'But the gap is narrowing between the academic and the commercial.', u'Academics at the South Korean conference noted that with tech companies innovating more rapidly, "while some (academic) innovations may truly be decades ahead of their time, many (conference) contributions have a much shorter lifespan."', u'"Most \'breakthroughs\' today are merely implementations of ideas that were unimplementable in that particular time. It took a while for industry to catch up, but now they are almost in par with academic research," says Ashwin Ashok of Carnegie Mellon.', u"Pranav Mistry, 33, has risen from a small town in India's Gujarat state to be director of research at Samsung America. His Singapore conference keynote highlighted a Samsung project where a camera 'teleports' viewers to an event or place, offering a real-time, 3D view.", u"But despite a glitzy video, Samsung logo and sleek black finish, Mistry stressed it wasn't the finished product.\xa0", u'He was at the conference, he told Reuters, to seek feedback and "work with people to make it better."', u'(Editing by Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u"Cisco's John Chambers to Step Down as C.E.O."], [u'(Reuters) - Cisco Systems Inc Chief Executive John Chambers will step down in July after 20 years at the helm of the network equipment maker, a symbol of the dot.com stock boom 15 years ago now struggling to boost its bottom line in the era of cloud computing.', u'Company veteran Chuck Robbins, 49, will take over as CEO. The 65-year-old Chambers, one of the longest-serving leaders of a Silicon Valley company and also company chairman, will become executive chairman, the company said on Monday.', u'Wall Street analysts said a change was expected and could signal a refocusing of Cisco, which acquired dozens of companies under Chambers but has failed to make great headway outside its core networking business.', u'"In many cases where the CEO has been very acquisitive, the next guy pares down and refocuses the company, and that is what I would be expecting with this change," said Kim Forrest, an analyst at Fort Pitt Capital Group in Pittsburgh.', u'Robbins did not immediately indicate where that focus would be. "Over the next 90 days, I (would) actually like to listen," he told reporters on a conference call. "The market is moving too rapidly for any one individual to think they have all the answers."', u'Shares of Cisco, based in San Jose, California with about 70,000 staff, were up 0.4 percent at $29.24 on Nasdaq.', u'The company became a stock market sensation at the height of the technology boom in March 2000 when its market value passed $600 billion, based on the company\u2019s diluted share count at the time, and briefly topped that of Microsoft Corp.', u"Chambers never managed to revive those glory days despite forays into consumer electronics and other areas. Cisco's market value is now about $150 billion, and its annual operating profit is around where it was five years ago. It is expected to post sales of $49 billion this year.", u'Cisco said the timing of the announcement was not related to its quarterly earnings report, scheduled for May 13, and it did not alter its financial outlook.', u"Chambers, a prominent Republican backer who was a co-chair for Senator John McCain's 2008 bid for president, did not indicate any plans to go into politics.", u'"I will probably support people (for) political office but probably not get involved myself," he told reporters.', u'Chambers said he started thinking about retiring as CEO about three years ago. He seemed relaxed and joked with longtime colleague Robbins during the call.', u'"Chuck is just an execution machine," said Chambers, using business jargon for someone who gets things done.', u'Robbins joined Cisco in 1997 and became a board member on Friday.', u"His latest role has been senior vice president of worldwide operations, running global sales for the company. Analysts hope Robbins' elevation will mean a renewed focus on sales.", u'"We like that Cisco is appointing someone as CEO that has a strong sales background, and we expect the employee base to be very supportive of the appointment," said Tim Long, an analyst at BMO Capital Markets.', u'Cisco has been looking for a new CEO for the past 16 months,  board member Roderick McGeary wrote in a company blog post detailing the hiring process. (', u')', u"Some industry watchers were surprised at the choice. Rob Lloyd, Cisco's director of development and sales, was more visible to investors, JMP Securities analyst Erik Suppiger said in an interview.", u'Chambers declined to name other potential candidates, or whether any such as Lloyd would stay at the company. Lloyd did not immediately return a request for comment.', u"Chambers is the second high-profile U.S. technology executive to step aside from the top job in the past eight months. In September, database software maker Oracle Corp's CEO, Larry Ellison, announced his plan to become executive chairman.", u'Chambers has increased Cisco sales to about $48 billion from $1.2 billion since he became CEO in 1995.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby in Seattle; Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru and Chuck Mikolajczak in New York; Editing by Maju Samuel, Ted Kerr and Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'Facebook Opens Internet.org to Developers Amid Open Web Debate in India'], [u'MUMBAI \u2014  Facebook Inc opened up its Internet.org platform to new websites and applications from developers on Monday, a move the social media giant said would boost efforts to get people online in low-income and rural areas in emerging markets.', u"However, the decision drew criticism from some online activists in India who expressed concern over Facebook's control over all data accessed on the service and said it violated the principles of an open web.", u"Internet.org offers free access via mobile phones to pared-down web services, focused on job listings, agricultural information, healthcare and education, as well as Facebook's own social network and messaging services.", u'It has been launched in nine countries in Africa, Latin America and Asia, including India, bringing over 8 million people online, said Chris Daniels, vice president of product for Internet.org, who was in New Delhi to speak with partners and operators.', u'The platform will be open to all developers who meet certain guidelines, including that they produce content that can be browsed on both basic mobile phones as well as smartphones and is accessible in limited bandwidth situations, Facebook said.', u'The U.S. company partnered with Reliance Communications to launch Internet.org in India in February.', u'But a number of e-commerce firms and content developers pulled out of the service after activists claimed it violated principles of ', u' - the concept that all websites on the internet are treated equally.', u'Nikhil Pahwa, volunteer with pro-net neutrality campaign group ', u', said the service would cause a permanent shift in the way the internet works.', u'"Did we give unlimited free calls to people so that more people start making calls? So why this almost patronizing approach to the Internet. You\'re effectively disadvantaging other companies and broader usage of the web," said Pahwa, who is also the founder of ', u', a New Delhi-based digital media publication.', u'But Daniels said Internet.org was open to mobile operators and involved no payments, either to or from the developers.', u'"The principles of neutrality must co-exist with programs that also encourage bringing people online," he told Reuters.', u'Facebook Chief Executive Mark Zuckerberg said in a video post: "Access equals opportunity. Net neutrality should not prevent access. We need both, it\'s not an equal Internet if the majority of people can\'t participate."', u'(Editing by Kenneth Maxwell and Pravin Char)']), ([u'Dave Goldberg Was Lifelong Women\u2019s Advocate'], [u'Even as a high school student, Dave Goldberg was urging female classmates to speak up. As a young dot-com executive, he had one girlfriend after another, but fell hard for a driven friend named ', u', pining after her for years. After they wed, Mr. Goldberg pushed her to negotiate hard for high compensation and arranged his schedule so that he could be home with their children when she was traveling for work.', u'Mr. Goldberg, who ', u', was a genial, 47-year-old Silicon Valley entrepreneur who built his latest company, SurveyMonkey, from a modest enterprise to one recently valued by investors at $2 billion. But he was also perhaps the signature male feminist of his era: the first major chief executive in memory to spur his wife to become as successful in business as he was, and an essential figure in \u201cLean In,\u201d Ms. Sandberg\u2019s blockbuster guide to female achievement.', u'Over the weekend, even strangers were shocked at his death, both because of his relatively young age and because they knew of him as the living, breathing, car-pooling center of a new philosophy of two-career marriage.', u'\u201cThey were very much the role models for what this next generation wants to grapple with,\u201d said Debora L. Spar, the president of Barnard College. In a 2011 commencement speech there, Ms. Sandberg told the graduates that whom they married would be their most important career decision.', u'In the play \u201cThe Heidi Chronicles,\u201d revived on Broadway this spring, a male character who is the founder of a media company says that \u201cI don\u2019t want to come home to an A-plus,\u201d explaining that his ambitions require him to marry an unthreatening helpmeet. Mr. Goldberg grew up to hold the opposite view, starting with his upbringing in progressive Minneapolis circles where \u201cthere was woman power in every aspect of our lives,\u201d Jeffrey Dachis, a childhood friend, said in an interview.', u'The Goldberg parents read \u201cThe Feminine Mystique\u201d together \u2014 in fact, Mr. Goldberg\u2019s father introduced it to his wife, according to Ms. Sandberg\u2019s book. In 1976, Paula Goldberg helped found ', u' to aid children with disabilities. Her husband, Mel, a law professor who taught at night, made the family breakfast at home.', u'Later, when Dave Goldberg was in high school and his prom date, Jill Chessen, stayed silent in a politics class, he chastised her afterward. He said, \u201cYou need to speak up,\u201d Ms. Chessen recalled in an interview. \u201cThey need to hear your voice.\u201d', u'Years later, when Karin Gilford, an early employee at Launch Media, Mr. Goldberg\u2019s digital music company, became a mother, he knew exactly what to do. He kept giving her challenging assignments, she recalled, but also let her work from home one day a week. After Yahoo acquired Launch, Mr. Goldberg became known for distributing roses to all the women in the office on Valentine\u2019s Day.', u'Ms. Sandberg, who often describes herself as bossy-in-a-good-way, enchanted him when they became friendly in the mid-1990s. He \u201cwas smitten with her,\u201d Ms. Chessen remembered. Ms. Sandberg was dating someone else, but Mr. Goldberg still hung around, even helping her and her then-boyfriend move, recalled Bob Roback, a friend and co-founder of Launch. When they finally ', u', friends remember thinking how similar the two were, and that the qualities that might have made Ms. Sandberg intimidating to some men drew Mr. Goldberg to her even more.', u'Over the next decade, Mr. Goldberg and Ms. Sandberg pioneered new ways of capturing information online, had a son and then a daughter, became immensely wealthy, and hashed out their who-does-what-in-this-marriage issues. Mr. Goldberg\u2019s commute from the Bay Area to Los Angeles became a strain, so he relocated, later joking that he \u201clost the coin flip\u201d of where they would live. He paid the bills, she planned the birthday parties, and both often left their offices at 5:30 so they could eat dinner with their children before resuming work afterward.', u'Friends in Silicon Valley say they were careful to conduct their careers separately, politely refusing when outsiders would ask one about the other\u2019s work: Ms. Sandberg\u2019s role building ', u' into an information and advertising powerhouse, and Mr. Goldberg at SurveyMonkey, which made polling faster and cheaper. But privately, their work was intertwined. He often began statements to his team with the phrase \u201c', u'\u201d sharing her business advice. He counseled her, too, starting with her salary negotiations with Mark Zuckerberg.', u'\u201cI wanted Mark to really feel he stretched to get Sheryl, because she was worth it,\u201d Mr. Goldberg explained in a 2013 \u201c', u', his Minnesota accent and his smile intact as he offered a rare peek of the intersection of marriage and money at the top of corporate life.', u'While his wife grew increasingly outspoken about women\u2019s advancement, Mr. Goldberg quietly advised the men in the office on family and partnership matters, an associate said. Six out of 16 members of SurveyMonkey\u2019s ', u' are female, an almost unheard-of ratio among Silicon Valley \u201cunicorns,\u201d or companies valued at over $1 billion.', u'When Mellody Hobson, a friend and finance executive, wrote a chapter of \u201cLean In\u201d about women of color for the college edition of the book, Mr. Goldberg gave her feedback on the draft, a clue to his deep involvement. He joked with Ms. Hobson that she was too long-winded, like Ms. Sandberg, but aside from that, he said he loved the chapter, she said in an interview.', u'By then, Mr. Goldberg was a figure of fascination who inspired a \u201cwhere can I get one of those?\u201d reaction among many of the women who had read the best seller \u201cLean In.\u201d Some lamented that Ms. Sandberg\u2019s advice hinged too much on marrying a Dave Goldberg, who was humble enough to plan around his wife, attentive enough to worry about which shoes his young daughter would wear, and rich enough to help pay for the help that made the family\u2019s balancing act manageable.', u'Now that he is gone, and Ms. Sandberg goes from being half of a celebrated partnership to perhaps the business world\u2019s most prominent single mother, the pages of \u201cLean In\u201d carry a new sting of loss.', u'\u201cWe are never at 50-50 at any given moment \u2014 perfect equality is hard to define or sustain \u2014 but we allow the pendulum to swing back and forth between us,\u201d she wrote in 2013, adding that they were looking forward to raising teenagers together.', u'\u201cFortunately, I have Dave to figure it out with me,\u201d she wrote.']), ([u'Start-Ups Try to Challenge Google, at Least on Mobile Search'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Europe\u2019s competition regulator filed antitrust charges against ', u' on the belief that the company\u2019s search business had become so powerful that it was pretty much impossible to compete with. But do not tell that to Bobby Lo.', u'Mr. Lo is the founder of Vurb, a start-up in San Francisco\u2019s bustling downtown that has a new kind of search engine meant for mobile phones. The idea is to take several common queries \u2014 restaurants, movies \u2014 and group them into snippets of information and apps for related actions.', u'Mr. Lo is one of a growing number of entrepreneurs who are betting that the rise of mobile phones has created an opportunity to do something that once seemed unthinkable: to challenge ', u' in search.', u'After a decade in which entrepreneurs and investors steered clear of Google\u2019s home turf, venture capitalists have plowed hundreds of millions of dollars into dozens of search start-ups because they say they believe the Internet giant cannot dominate search on mobile devices the way it has on personal computers.', u'\u201cThere has been no great solution for mobile search,\u201d Mr. Lo said.', u'Venture capitalists financed 27 search companies in 2014 and 33 the year before \u2014 the two most active years on record, according to CB Insights, whose data on the venture capital industry goes back to 1999. The biggest jump has been in mobile search companies, according to a report CB Insights released in March, particularly companies that use \u201cdeep links\u201d to connect mobile applications the way websites are linked on the web.', u'Search is still a tiny start-up category, especially compared with red-hot services like ride-hailing or grocery delivery. \u201cBut as the spate of early-stage investments in mobile search matures, the area could see funding totals increase as well as the entrance of more start-ups,\u201d CB Insights said in its report.', u'Each of these search companies has a slightly different take. Quixey, which has raised $135 million in venture capital, according to CB Insights, features a traditional-looking search box that helps people find information inside apps, as well as functions, such as a button to order a cab.', u'A company named URX is trying to link apps so that people can perform related actions by hopping between them. Other ideas include putting search inside mobile messaging systems or creating new home-screen applications that use past behavior to predict what a user might want next \u2014 a concept Google has invested in already.', u'\u201cIf you ask 100 people whether search is broken or not, 99 would say Google is perfect, it\u2019s everything I need,\u201d said John Lilly, a partner at Greylock Partners, which has backed a search start-up called Jack Mobile. \u201cBut if you ask them, \u2018How are you going to figure out what you want to watch on TV tonight or where are you going to dinner?\u2019 they would say Google wouldn\u2019t know that, that\u2019s not search.\u201d', u'So while people do not think search is broken, it can be improved, Mr. Lilly said.', u'Not surprisingly, many of these companies have Google connections. URX was founded by a former Google employee and is backed by Google Ventures, the company\u2019s venture capital arm. Bento, a home-screen application that recommends apps and services based on a user\u2019s past preferences, was founded by a former YouTube executive who also worked at Google Ventures.', u'Others share more tangential relationships that underscore how far Google, with its investments in self-driving cars and biotechnology, has strayed from its original business. In the second-story bedroom of a Kansas City, Kan., house wired with Google\u2019s Google Fiber Internet service, an entrepreneur named Mike Farmer is developing ', u', a visual search engine whose results are full of pictures and cued-up videos.', u'\u201cThe very moment you believe that the game is over is the very moment that the environment exists to introduce something completely new,\u201d Mr. Farmer said.', u'Behind the new companies is a conviction that people use mobile phones so differently than they do desktop and laptop computers that the search business is ripe for an overhaul.', u'\u201cAnytime there is a platform change, everything is up for grabs,\u201d said Keith Rabois, a partner at Khosla Ventures, which has backed a mobile search company called Relcy. \u201cNo entrepreneur would start, and nobody would fund, a new search product for the web.\u201d', u'The most obvious difference with mobile is that people have their phones with them all the time, giving search companies lots of contextual clues \u2014 like location \u2014 for what they might want. That is the main idea behind Vurb.', u'When someone uses Vurb to search for a movie, it returns a single page with reviews, cast members and nearby theaters, along with links to buy tickets and the option to call a cab. When a user searches for an old movie, the service fetches streaming applications like Netflix.', u'\u201cIf I\u2019m searching for a movie, chances are I want to do a couple of things related to that,\u201d Mr. Lo said.', u'Mobile also has several special challenges for an entrenched player like Google. With its constellation of apps and competing operating systems, mobile is a highly fragmented universe, making it harder for one company to index all of the most relevant information the way Google has indexed the web.', u'Also, the answer to many of the most common \u2014 and lucrative \u2014 queries is neatly structured inside popular applications like Yelp, the local directory service, making it easier to create focused search products that are unlikely to sink Google but could give it \u201ca thousand tiny leaks,\u201d said Jeremy Kressmann, an analyst at eMarketer who covers the search business.', u'This year, smartphone users in the United States are projected to spend 81 percent of their time on the mobile Internet inside applications, and 19 percent on the web, according to eMarketer.', u'This has also benefited Google, which owns the world\u2019s largest mobile operating system, Android, as well as many of the most popular apps, like YouTube. On Wednesday, at an event for advertisers in New York, Susan Wojcicki, chief executive of YouTube, said the video service reached more 18- to 49-year-olds on mobile phones than any cable network did on television.', u'Of course, Google has no plans to cede its hold on search. The company has amassed 30 billion \u201cdeep links\u201d so that its search engine can return information from apps as well as the web, and it has been a serial acquirer of start-ups with promising new technologies. And the company\u2019s engineers are busy reimagining its search business for mobile phones.', u'\u201cWhenever you have a platform shift, you kind of figure out what are the right interfaces,\u201d said Aparna Chennapragada, director of product management in Google\u2019s search business.', u'The company\u2019s biggest bets have been a voice-searching tool, along with Google Now, an application that tries to predict what users are looking for by showing a stack of cards with timely information, using cues like coming events in the user\u2019s emails or recent activities on mobile apps and the web.', u'Like her start-up competitors, Ms. Chennapragada is still unsure exactly what people want.', u'\u201cGoogle Now is such an early effort,\u201d she said. \u201cWe\u2019re still trying to figure it out.\u201d']), ([u'Senate Panel Raises Privacy Concerns in White House Hacking Incident'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee has written President Barack Obama over concerns that a recently reported data breach on the White House computer system might have compromised the personal information of many Americans.', u'"Just like any entity that handles personally-identifiable information, the White House has a responsibility to notify Americans if the recent, or any future breach, results in a compromise,\u201d the committee chairman, John Thune, said in a statement on Sunday accompanying the letter.', u'\u201cIf such information has been lost, the White House still has a responsibility to victims even if it believes the hack was perpetrated by foreign spies and not cyber thieves," Thune added.', u'The White House said last month that a CNN report that Russian hackers penetrated sensitive parts of the White House computer system referred to an incident it disclosed last year, and declined to comment on who was responsible for the breach.', u'It added that it took immediate measures at the time to evaluate and mitigate the activity.', u'Asked about the Commerce Committee letter, White House National Security Council spokesman Mark Stroh declined to comment further on the breach, but said: "We have consistently supported timely notification in the event of data breaches, consistent with existing federal policy."', u'Thune in his letter to Obama said that while hackers did not appear to have accessed classified data, the unclassified computer system reportedly contained sensitive information such as schedules, policy discussions and emails, including exchanges with diplomats.', u'"This unclassified computer system likely also contains the personally identifiable information of many Americans," the South Dakota Republican wrote, noting that\xa0people must submit personal information before being allowed to enter the White House.', u'(Reporting by Peter Cooney; Editing by Eric Walsh)']), ([u'German Prosecutors Launch Investigation of Spying Charges'], [u"BERLIN \u2014  Germany's top public prosecutor will look into accusations that the country's BND foreign intelligence agency violated laws by helping the United States spy on officials and firms in Europe, including Airbus group, the federal prosecutors office said.", u"A spokesman for the prosecutors office confirmed weekend media reports that an investigation had been launched as opposition politicians demanded more information about the unfolding scandal from Chancellor Angela Merkel's government.", u'"A preliminary investigation has been started," the spokesman said. In a related development, federal prosecutor Harald Range himself will be questioned by a parliamentary committee looking into the affair in Berlin on Wednesday.', u'Der Spiegel magazine said the BND helped the U.S. National Security Agency over at least 10 years, embarrassing Germany and upsetting many in a country where surveillance is a sensitive topic due to abuses by the Nazis and the East German Stasi.', u'The magazine also reported that in 2013 the BND ordered staff to delete 12,000 internet "selectors" -- IP addresses, email addresses and phone numbers of German government officials -- that it had been tracking for the NSA.', u"Opposition members of parliament for the Greens and Left party have requested more information from Merkel's government about the BND's assistance to the NSA. German media said there were indications EU governments and agencies, especially France, were the targets of the BND's spying for the NSA.", u'"This appears to be reaching a criminal dimension,"  Christian Stroebele, a senior Greens member of parliament, told the Rheinische Post newspaper.', u'Airbus Group ', u" said on Thursday it planned to complain to the German authorities over reports that the country's foreign intelligence agency had helped the United States to spy on it and other European firms.", u"At the heart of the controversy is the scope of cooperation between the BND and NSA that began in 2002 after the September 11, 2001 attacks -- and how long the Chancellor's office was aware of BND's activities on behalf of the NSA.", u'It is an especially touchy issue in Germany because Merkel and many Germans reacted strongly in 2013 to reports that the NSA had long been tapping Merkel\'s cell phone. "Spying among friends is not at all acceptable," she said at the time.', u'(Writing by Erik Kirschbaum; additional reporting by Matthias Sobolewski; editing by Ralph Boulton)']), ([u"SurveyMonkey CEO, Husband of Facebook's Sandberg, Dies"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  SurveyMonkey CEO and husband of Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, Dave Goldberg, died unexpectedly on Friday night, his brother wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday.', u'"It\u2019s with incredible shock and sadness that I\u2019m letting our friends and family know that my amazing brother, Dave Goldberg, beloved husband of Sheryl Sandberg, father of two wonderful children, and son of Paula Goldberg, passed away suddenly last night," Robert Goldberg wrote.', u"Goldberg was known for his low-key demeanor and the grace and good humor with which he handled being married to one of the nation's most recognizable executives.", u'In her book "Lean In," Sandberg attributed much of her own success to her marriage to Goldberg, who she said supported her career decisions and shared equally in the work of raising their young children. The two married in 2004.', u'Tributes to Goldberg poured in over social media from friends and other executives, including Facebook chief Mark Zuckerberg, who called Goldberg "an amazing person."', u'"Kindest, most generous, loving father, loyal husband, great ceo, & sweetest friend," tweeted Salesforce CEO Marc Benioff. "May his memory be a blessing."', u'Television and movie writer John Quaintance said on Facebook that Goldberg was the first person to encourage him to write professionally, changing the course of his career. Goldberg was also the first person Quaintance met who owned a Blackberry device. "I rolled my eyes at the idea that people were ever going to need to read their emails away from the office," he wrote.', u'Goldberg, 47, joined SurveyMonkey, which helps organizations conduct surveys, in 2009. Valued at $2 billion, SurveyMonkey is backed by Bain Capital Ventures, Google Ventures, Tiger Global and others.', u'The family did not disclose the cause of death.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; contributions from Joe Menn; editing by Matthew Lewis)']), ([u'Microsoft (Yes, Microsoft) Has a Far-Out Vision '], [u'Last June, in the basement of the Microsoft visitor center in Redmond, Wash., Todd Holmdahl, a Microsoft hardware guru, and others nervously walked Satya Nadella, the new chief executive, through a demonstration of a secret project.', u'More than a hundred people had toiled for several years on the ambitious effort, which would eventually be called HoloLens. At the time, the HoloLens headset was a clunky web of straps, wires and electronics. But it was able to project images onto lenses in front of people\u2019s eyes, adding virtual landscapes and objects on top of the view of the natural world.', u'The team leaders thought this augmented reality product had the potential to be the next big thing in consumer technology, as groundbreaking as the PC and the smartphone. But this was Microsoft, the company that had managed, time and again, to take ingenious innovation and bungle it on the way to store shelves. Microsoft had its software on smartphones years before Apple released the iPhone. Few cared. A full decade before the Apple Watch, Microsoft introduced its own computer on a wrist. It did not take off.', u'The HoloLens team members were confident in their creation. But they worried that Mr. Nadella, a two-decade Microsoft employee then looking at cost-cutting measures and mass layoffs, would kill it for being too risky and far-out.', u'Mr. Nadella didn\u2019t flinch.', u'\u201cHe said right away, \u2018This is something that we\u2019re going to do,\u2019 \u201d Mr. Holmdahl said. \u201cWe are going to create a new product category, and this is the type of thing that Microsoft should be working on.\u201d', u'That response says a lot about the reshaped Microsoft Mr. Nadella envisions \u2014 one with fewer internal fiefs and with more willingness to favor big bets on new technologies over protecting legacy cash cows. Part of that rebuilding occurred at a Microsoft conference that started on Wednesday in San Francisco, where he sought to mend Microsoft\u2019s frayed relationship with software developers, making it easier for them to convert apps written for Apple and Google\u2019s mobile operating systems to run on Windows.', u'In a recent interview, Mr. Nadella, 47, said he and the company had learned from its past mistakes. His Microsoft understands, he says, the discipline needed to build products that look and feel polished. Every part, from hardware to software to online services, must work in harmony.', u'\u201cOne lesson learned is you\u2019ve got to finish the scenario with excellence,\u201d said Mr. Nadella, who speaks in verbal arpeggios, emphasizing points with octave-leaping sentences. \u201cYou just cannot stop. You have to complete this, and I think that\u2019s where Apple has taught us all what experience excellence means in the creation of categories.\u201d', u'In some ways, Microsoft is already a different place from the infamously balkanized one Mr. Nadella inherited from Steven A. Ballmer in February 2014. Not long ago, the company had about a half-dozen internal systems for managing the development of software; Mr. Nadella is pushing everyone to use a single one, in the belief that top-notch internal tools will help it create top-notch products.', u'He has taken up an effort started under Mr. Ballmer to end the factional strife inside Microsoft, making the 118,000-strong work force nimbler. He has rallied them around mantras, like making personal computing more personal through wearables and other devices. To better translate Microsoft\u2019s innovation into products people want to buy, he has directed the company\u2019s research group, the biggest in the technology industry, to work more closely with product engineers.', u'And just as important, Mr. Nadella has shown a sense of humility. Mr. Ballmer once laughed at the iPhone in a television interview. Mr. Nadella, in contrast, has aggressively pushed Microsoft\u2019s Office software onto Apple and Android devices \u2014 the very devices that have eroded Microsoft\u2019s influence.', u'\u201cTheir arrogance consumed them,\u201d said Marc Benioff, the chief executive of Salesforce.com, a longtime critic of Microsoft whose company reached an agreement to cooperate on software integration with Microsoft last year. \u201cNow with Satya, they have a much more open mind about working with people.\u201d', u'Still, given the company\u2019s history, there is plenty of skepticism about whether Mr. Nadella can pull off a hit with HoloLens and other inventive products starting to trickle out of the Microsoft pipeline. Analysts have been impressed with Mr. Nadella\u2019s fast-growing cloud computing business, and the company\u2019s stock, up almost 40 percent since he took over, is hovering near a 15-year high. But he hasn\u2019t yet shown whether Microsoft can deliver an earthshaking new technology.', u'At the meeting about HoloLens, Mr. Nadella told the team how he wanted the project to proceed. It was not going to be organized like Xbox, the company\u2019s video game system, which developed as a semiautonomous republic. He wanted the group to be fully integrated into Microsoft.', u'That meant collaborating with people developing Skype, the company\u2019s online voice and videoconferencing service, as well as the Windows and video games teams. The HoloLens group had already started moving in this direction even before the meeting with Mr. Nadella, but his orders galvanized them. Microsoft says HoloLens will go on sale \u201cin the time frame\u201d when Windows 10, its new operating system, is released this summer.', u'In other words, the HoloLens is only a crucible for the new borderless Microsoft Mr. Nadella is seeking to create. No pressure.', u'There is a short list of big technology companies that have staged comebacks that restored them to their former glory. Arguably, that list contains just one name: Apple.', u'Microsoft, which passed the 40th anniversary of its founding in April, is an easy target for critics because its golden era, the 1990s, was eons ago on the digital calendar. For today\u2019s young entrepreneurs and software developers, it\u2019s hard to believe the Microsoft of 2015, defanged by antitrust battles and strategic missteps, once ruled the industry.', u'It\u2019s also easy to overstate Microsoft\u2019s problems. With $22 billion in profit last year, $87 billion in revenue and a cash pile over $95 billion, it often trades places with Google as the second most valuable technology company in the world after Apple. Windows and the Office suite of productivity software continue to print money, especially from corporate customers, despite a spate of premature obituaries. While Mr. Ballmer was harshly criticized for his tin ear on technology, more than a dozen new products released under his watch exceeded $1 billion in annual revenue.', u'Imposing, yes, but Microsoft is rarely named among the future-defining tech companies of today, especially when it comes to the consumer businesses. It is nearly always an afterthought following Amazon, Apple ,Google and Facebook.', u'In the interview in early April, Mr. Nadella argued that Microsoft\u2019s misses should be put in perspective.', u'\u201cWhat gets lost is we wouldn\u2019t be who we are and as successful as we have been if we didn\u2019t have a decent batting average,\u201d Mr. Nadella said, sitting on a couch in the same understated and window-lined office once occupied by Mr. Ballmer and, before that, Bill Gates. \u201cI think we would be dead and gone if we were just mostly failing. It\u2019s just that our average in the last five years has not been as great as, let\u2019s say, Apple\u2019s.\u201d', u'Mr. Nadella pointed in particular to tablet computers. Relying for years on other companies to build all tablets running Windows, he says, led to poor products. Now, the company is heavily advertising the Surface, a tablet that Microsoft designs and builds.', u'Of course, it\u2019s one thing to make hardware and another thing to make good hardware.', u'Attention to detail, so crucial in today\u2019s hardware market, has not been Microsoft\u2019s strongest suit. When Microsoft first introduced the Surface several years ago, the company did not have a touch-screen-friendly version of its Office applications \u2014 the hugely popular programs like Word and PowerPoint \u2014 ready to go at the start. It was a bit like trying to sell a car with one wheel missing.', u'A similar problem arose last year, shortly after Mr. Nadella became chief executive. The team working on a new version of Surface was frustrated that it took multiple steps \u2014 start the device, enter a password, open an app called OneNote \u2014 before a user could start taking notes on the tablet with a stylus.', u'\u201cBy the time you\u2019re done, you probably would have said, \u2018I just would have wrote this down on a piece of paper,\u2019 \u201d said Steven Bathiche, a Microsoft researcher who is now part of the Surface team.', u'Hardware and software groups were unable to resolve their conflicts, each fearing that changes would throw them off schedule.', u'Mr. Nadella was not pleased.', u'\u201cYou\u2019re not going to ship this without making it work,\u201d Mr. Nadella responded at the time. \u201cOne of the advantages of being C.E.O. is you say things like that and people rise to the occasion,\u201d he said.', u'By the time the Surface shipped, you could click one button on the stylus to start taking notes.', u'A big part of Microsoft\u2019s fate rests with its research arm, the quasi-academic group responsible for conjuring breakthroughs that will keep Microsoft relevant for generations to come.', u'On Monday, Harry Shum, the Microsoft executive vice president who oversees the research operation, was bursting with pride while demonstrating Skype Translator, a new product that incorporates years of work by researchers to convert voice conversations from one language to another in real time.', u'Mr. Shum gamely agreed to conduct a portion of an interview using Skype Translator. Mr. Shum sat in his office, and I sat in a conference room down the hall looking at Mr. Shum\u2019s face on a computer screen. I asked questions in English, and Mr. Shum responded in Mandarin, his native tongue. He answered a question in Mandarin about the impact he says Skype Translator can have, and the software spit out an English transcript and synthesized recording seconds later.', u'The software made mistakes \u2014 Skype transcribed his name as \u201cHairy\u201d \u2014 but it got the point across. \u201cToday we have a lot of obstacles of communication,\u201d Mr. Shum said, according to the Skype translation. \u201cBecause we speak a different language, you speak English, I speak Chinese, if we are not able to understand the two sides, the world would have a lot of problems.\u201d', u'Founded in 1991 by Nathan Myhrvold, Microsoft\u2019s chief technology officer at the time, as an early warning system for disruptive new technologies, Microsoft Research occupies a building that has a spacious, multistory atrium, filled with a swirl of employees in T-shirts, jeans and other timeless fashions of tech.', u'It is the biggest operation of its kind in the technology industry, with more than 1,000 scientists and engineers working in labs as far away as China and Israel. The company\u2019s research-and-development spending last year was $11.4 billion.', u'Spending doesn\u2019t guarantee success, however. There is a long history of technology companies fumbling commercial opportunities from research breakthroughs sitting right under their noses. In the 1970s, Xerox\u2019s Palo Alto Research Center developed a forerunner of the modern PC, with a graphical user interface and mouse. An outsider who saw it, Steven P. Jobs, was the one who eventually capitalized on the technology with the Apple Macintosh.', u'Mr. Nadella is trying to avoid missed opportunities. He has pushed researchers and product engineers to work closer than ever before. He invited Mr. Shum to attend a regular Wednesday-afternoon meeting of a small group called the product leadership team; Mr. Shum is the first representative from Microsoft Research to participate in the sessions.', u'Inside the old Microsoft, the translation technology could easily have languished as a cool demo and nothing more. Product groups would have been slow to embrace an experimental technology that could introduce new costs not to mention uncertainty into their release schedules.', u'\u201cInstead of saying, \u2018Hey, let\u2019s see what we can do together,\u2019 you\u2019d say, \u2018Well, when you cross this level of accuracy, come and talk to me, then we\u2019ll figure out when we can slot you in,\u2019 \u201d said Gurdeep Singh Pall, the Microsoft corporate vice president in charge of Skype.', u'Breaking down barriers at Microsoft is still a work in progress, but some executives said the tone had changed markedly. \u201cSkype had every reason to push back,\u201d said Peter Lee, a corporate vice president at Microsoft Research. \u201cBut instead Gurdeep, especially, just embraced this.\u201d', u'\u201cThere\u2019s an eagerness in the business units to pick up ideas that are going to make a significant difference,\u201d said Ed Lazowska, a professor of computer science at the University of Washington, who is on the technical advisory board for Microsoft Research.', u'Mr. Shum, who worked for years as a top engineer on Bing, a distant No. 2 in the search engine market to Google, has seen Microsoft get burned in new technology markets before.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s at this very critical moment for the company, and either we build products people love or we will be history,\u201d Mr. Shum said.', u'HoloLens, too, is jammed with technologies that started in Microsoft Research, including the display technology used to paint virtual images on lenses in front of people\u2019s eyes. It uses cameras developed by Microsoft researchers and first used in Kinect, an Xbox accessory, to map a person\u2019s surroundings so virtual objects stay where they\u2019re supposed to.', u'Slick hardware, though, will go only so far. If HoloLens has any chance of becoming a breakout hit, it will need must-have applications \u2014 add-ons that will do for augmented reality what wildly popular services like Instagram and Snapchat have done for smartphones.', u'At the Microsoft conference in San Francisco on Wednesday, the company showed examples of how HoloLens will be used. In one, a medical school expects to adopt HoloLens to let students learn anatomy. In another, a building developer plans to have clients explore finished architecture while on a project still in construction.', u'Those examples fill nice niches, but they certainly don\u2019t scream mass market. For that, Microsoft is turning partly to games.', u'In September, Microsoft paid $2.5 billion for Minecraft, the video game played by tens of millions of people. By January, the logic behind the purchase started to become a little clearer when the company showed the game on HoloLens.', u'In Minecraft, players can build and destroy structures, sort of like playing virtual Legos. With the HoloLens, the game is no longer confined to a smartphone or a computer screen, though. Players wearing the headset can decorate the surfaces of a room with Minecraft blocks, then destroy them, if they like. In the demonstration Microsoft showed, it was possible to build on a coffee table, then crush it to expose a cave below.', u'Mr. Nadella said HoloLens was a big reason for buying Minecraft.', u'\u201cLet\u2019s have a game that, in fact, will fundamentally help us change new categories,\u201d Mr. Nadella said. \u201cHoloLens was very much in the works then, and we knew it.\u201d', u'At least one thing is certain: Microsoft will have a lot of competition. Magic Leap, a closely watched start-up that Google has invested in, is developing an augmented-reality device. Virtual-reality headsets from Oculus, owned by Facebook, Valve and Sony, which envelop users with virtual environments, are also on the way.', u'There is also little evidence so far that the public is clamoring to don a headpiece and wear it for hours. Google Glass is a cautionary tale. The company has pulled back significantly on its aspirations for that computer-in-your-face product, as least for now.', u'Doubters have already lined up with HoloLens, certain that Microsoft will once again trip over itself. The product looks as if it will be far more expensive than smartphones, which benefit from subsidies from wireless carriers that lower their initial cost. One current Microsoft executive said HoloLens would cost significantly more than a game console, which runs more than $400.', u'Even if Mr. Nadella and other top executives have recognized the need for change, there are still pockets of resistance. Rahul Sood, who ran a venture capital fund inside Microsoft until November, praised Mr. Nadella for changing Microsoft, but said there wasn\u2019t enough risk-taking below him.', u'\u201cThe part making that harder is there is a big layer of middle management,\u201d said Mr. Sood, who founded Unikrn, a start-up based in Seattle that is focused on competitive gaming. \u201cI think it\u2019s slowly changing. I think they need more entrepreneurs in the company.\u201d', u'Even Mr. Nadella hints at uncertainty when discussing the kind of impact HoloLens will have.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t want to overhype it like Google Glass and say this is the next,\u201d he says, trailing off. \u201cI want us to be deliberate about what it is.\u201d', u'At least with HoloLens, Microsoft appears to be skating to where the puck could be headed in technology, rather than where it has been. Brad Silverberg, a venture capitalist in Seattle and a former senior executive at Microsoft, said he was encouraged that the company was doing that rather than playing catch-up in smartphones.', u'\u201cThat battle is already fought and lost,\u201d Mr. Silverberg said. \u201cYou\u2019ve got to change the game.\u201d']), ([u'What an Android Update May Get You'], [u' ', u' Google began to roll out ', u' last fall, but the update caused numerous problems on some devices. Owners of the original Nexus 7 tablet (first released in 2012) were ', u' of slow performance, unexplained crashes, wireless connectivity issues and other erratic behavior. ', u' in March and said the update was intended to improve the system\u2019s stability and performance. Some ', u' on the Nexus 7.', u'If you are on the fence about installing the upgrade, you may want to ', u' to read the experiences of other Nexus 7 owners for a better idea of what to expect. Possible relief from the sluggishness may not be the only benefit of upgrading, either. In addition to Google\u2019s claim of performance enhancements, Android 5.1 includes new features like ', u' and ', u' in case your tablet is lost or stolen.', u'While Android 5.1 may fix some issues, it will probably not be the last patch in the near future, as ', u' are still a problem for some users. Developers have noted an Android 5.1.1 update has already begun to appear on ', u'.', u' ', u' You can use the ', u' utility in Windows to see what programs are open, as well as what system services are running and how much ', u' by various processes. To ', u', right-click on the taskbar and select Start Task Manager from the contextual menu. As a keyboard shortcut, you can also just press the Control, Shift and Escape keys to open the utility.', u'When the Task Manager window appears, click the Applications tab to see a list of all the programs currently running on the computer. You can close a program in the list by selecting and clicking the End Task button in the Task Manager window, although doing so will cause any unsaved changes made to open files on the program to be lost. Once you see which programs are running, you can select them and save the changes made to any open files lurking down in the taskbar or mostly out of sight on the desktop.', u'If you try to shut down the computer without closing all programs or using the Task Manager, Windows typically shows you its ', u' that automatically closes all programs before turning off the machine. A forced shutdown also loses unsaved changes to files.', u'Even if you close all the open programs before you restart the PC, you may see a Windows alert that other people are logged in to the system when you try to restart. This can happen if the teachers who share the computer forgot to log out of their user accounts on the machine. If the user accounts are not password-protected, you might be able to ', u' to close files and programs there. If the accounts are password-protected, though, you may want to alert the other account owners to come and save any open files before you restart the computer.']), ([u'China Blames Hacking Attack for Recent Internet Problems'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  A hacking attack using malware from overseas servers was to blame for Internet problems in China earlier this week that prevented users accessing a number of popular foreign websites, an official state-run newspaper said on Friday.', u'Social media users first reported on Sunday that they were being sent to software website ', u' and travel website ', u' when trying to access news websites like ', u', news portal ', u'.jp, and games website ', u', among others.', u"The incident was the latest in a series of challenges businesses and individuals have faced going online in the world's second-largest economy.", u'The English-language China Daily, citing the National Computer Network Emergency Response Technical Team Coordination Centre, an agency that monitors China\'s Internet safety, said the redirection happened because some servers in China were "contaminated" by malware from overseas servers.', u'"Experts said it will be difficult to trace the source of the attack because it is technically possible to carry it out by remotely controlling the servers," the newspaper said.', u'"No group or individual has claimed responsibility for the attack," it said.', u'A senior staff member at the center told the newspaper that it was not currently possible to estimate the damage caused.', u'"It was a rather strange case because the hackers were directly targeting the telecom carriers\' servers. It has rarely happened before," the unidentified official said.', u'Developers from wpkg.org had said they were unsure why traffic from inside China was being redirected to their site.', u'Access to the internet \u2013 both speed and stability \u2013 have long been a major issue especially among foreign businesses and individuals. This is especially the case when attempting to access overseas online services, which are regularly plagued by disruptions and blockages.', u"Internet services operated by Facebook Inc, Google Inc and Twitter Inc, to name a few, are unusable in China. The country operates the world's most sophisticated censorship mechanism in order to quell sources of information the Communist Party sees as potentially destabilizing or undermining its rule.", u'(Reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Paul Tait)']), ([u'Inked and Irked: Apple Watch Users Report Tattoo Problems'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  It's an annoying problem for the unlucky few: the Apple Watch's heart rate monitor and even some other features might not work if you have a tattoo on your wrist.", u'Inked and irked Apple fans have dubbed the issue "TattooGate" on Twitter, complaining that they must choose between their body art and their stylish gadget. Apple, for its part, acknowledged the issue on its support website.', u'"Permanent or temporary changes to your skin, such as some tattoos, can also impact heart rate sensor performance," the site reads. "The ink, pattern, and saturation of some tattoos can block light from the sensor, making it difficult to get reliable readings."', u"Several watch owners complained about the problem on social media this week, even posting videos that show the watch working well on an undecorated wrist, but repeatedly locking or pausing when worn on an arm with a tattoo. Some said it appeared the watch's screen-lock feature was triggering because the sensors thought the watch was not sitting on their wrist.", u'That was frustrating and "a bit embarrassing" for Graham Edgell, a Los Angeles printing broker who loves Apple products and was eager to show off his new watch to friends after his wife bought it for him. Edgell, 38, said he thought a software glitch was interfering with the watch\'s message notifications and other features, until he heard about others having trouble with their tattoos.', u'Edgell solved his problem by moving the watch further down on his wrist, away from the dark floral tattoo that stops just above the cuff of his shirt sleeve. "When it was on the tattoo, it was as if it had lost connection with my skin," he said. "Now it\'s absolutely fine."', u'The watch tracks heart rates through a common medical technique that measures how much light is absorbed by blood. An Apple representative referred a reporter to the company\'s website, which explains "Apple Watch uses green LED lights paired with light-sensitive photodiodes to detect the amount of blood flowing through your wrist at any given moment. When your heart beats, the blood flow in your wrist \u2014 and the green light absorption \u2014 is greater."', u"While the problem doesn't occur with all tattoos, it may be more likely to affect people with dark red or black ink on the side of the wrist where they wear their watch, according to anecdotal accounts.", u'"So far it\'s not been an issue," said Nick Borelli, a 34-year-old marketing executive in Cleveland. He has a black tattoo on the inside of his wrist \u2014 but not the side where he has worn the Apple Watch. He added that he likes the watch but worries the glitch could affect a large "target demographic" of young, tech-savvy people with tattoos, who are likely to be interested in the watch as a gadget and fashion accessory.', u'The same problem may affect other fitness bands that use that method. At least one tattooed owner of a Fitbit device posted a similar complaint on the Reddit online forum in January. In a statement, a Fitbit representative didn\'t address that complaint directly but said that with all heart-rate monitors, "accuracy is affected by personal physiology, location of wear, and type of movement."', u"If tattoos can interfere with the way light is absorbed through the skin, there so far doesn't appear to be a problem with dark skin or scars. Some experts say natural skin pigmentation wouldn't block the green light used by Apple, although researchers at the University of California, San Francisco, have found dark skin can affect the results of blood oxygen sensors that use infrared light.", u"The tech industry has confronted problems with skin coloring in the past. Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard both fielded complaints several years ago about facial recognition sensors in gaming consoles and computers that struggled to detect people with dark skin. Both companies suggested poor lighting interfered with the sensors' ability to measure the contrast between eyes and other facial features.", u"As for the Apple Watch issue, some social media users have mocked it as a complaint from spoiled hipsters. Others wondered how it happened that Apple didn't have a single designer or tester with a wrist tattoo who would have noticed the problem. Apple suggests that users who can't get a consistent heart rate reading connect their Apple Watch wirelessly to external heart rate monitors.", u'This isn\'t Apple\'s first "-gate" problem. "Antennagate" in 2010 was a short-lived problem with the iPhone 4\'s antenna design, which caused reception problems when people covered a certain spot on the antenna with their bare hand.', u'Though it created an uproar at the time, "Antennagate" didn\'t seem to hurt the iPhone\'s popularity or sour Apple\'s devoted fan base \u2014 and it seems unlikely that "TattooGate" will make or break the Apple Watch.']), ([u'Bezos Spaceship Completes Its First Test Flight '], [u'Blue Origin, the private space company founded by the chief executive of ', u', ', u', launched an unmanned spaceship in its first test flight. Mr. Bezos said in a statement that the spacecraft, called the New Shepard capsule, reached 58 miles high and parachuted to a landing in the West Texas desert. The rocket booster developed a pressure problem and couldn\u2019t be recovered. Blue Origin, which is vying to send people on suborbital trips, released video and photos of the flight. The company\u2019s website says New Shepard, which can carry at least three people, aims to eventually fly over 62 miles above Earth, the recognized boundary of space.']), ([u'Free Medical for In-Laws Helps Indian Tech Start-Ups Woo Talent Back From America'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  After losing top engineering talent for years to America's tech heartland of Silicon Valley, India is luring them back as an e-commerce boom sparks a thriving start-up culture, unprecedented pay, and perks including free healthcare for in-laws.", u"India's IT industry has long been seen as a back-office backwater, even by its own engineers who started moving abroad in their droves in the 1970s. That is now changing.", u'The e-commerce sector, led by companies such as Flipkart and Snapdeal, attracted more than $5 billion of investment last year, Morgan Stanley says, compared with less than $2 billion in 2013.', u'That growth is fuelling the hunt for talent to drive the next stage of expansion - for many, an initial public offering or a push into overseas markets.', u'"The appetite for finding engineering talent ... is great," said George Kaszacs of Silicon Valley-based headhunters Riviera Partners, who helps Indian startups scout for potential hires.', u'The number of returnees is small, but they represent a sign of the early emergence on the global stage of Indian upstarts. Indian companies such as Snapdeal, Inmobi and Zomato each say they have hired between a handful to as many as 20 people from Silicon Valley in the past five years.', u"India's biggest e-commerce company, Flipkart,  recently hired two senior executives from Google Inc in California, both engineers of Indian origin, for its headquarters in Bengaluru in southern India.", u'Flipkart did not disclose their pay, but headhunters say  remuneration packages can reach $1 million over 3-4 years.', u'Headhunter Kaszacs said several factors are drawing Indians back home, including the chance to join a fast-growing start-up. Joining bonuses, stock options and other perks were also helping.', u"The chance to live close to parents and other relatives is another factor drawing Indian executives back home - an important consideration in India's close knit family system.", u'For Tanmay Saksena, who heads online ordering at restaurant review website Zomato, similarities between the Indian and Silicon Valley start-up culture helped him decide to return after eight years away.', u'"Of course your base pay is not the main driver, it is equity and you join a start-up because you think it will do well," Saksena said.', u"Other executives moved for similar reasons, saying the chance to work for a thriving start-up offset the challenges of everyday living in India's chaotic cities.", u'In return, companies are going all out to make settling back as easy as can be.', u'InMobi, a mobile phone advertising platform, provides summer camps for kids and meetings where spouses can socialize with one another. It offers health insurance not just for employees and their spouse, but their in-laws too, which Abhay Singhal says is a big hit.', u'"One thing that unfortunately India does not have great answers to yet is the quality of living outside of work," Singhal, one of the founders of the company, said.', u'"The professional still has his days to spend in the office but the spouse and kids... that becomes a very big issue."', u'Snapdeal said in a couple of instances the company had even helped spouses search for jobs.', u'"There will be systemic issues everywhere," Punit Soni, who joined Flipkart from Google as its chief product officer, told Reuters in March.', u'"I took up the job because it was the most interesting thing I could do."', u'(This version of the story fixes the spelling in paragraph 8)', u'(Editing by Christopher Cushing and Neil Fullick)']), ([u'Social Media Punished as Results Fall Short'], [u'A trio of social media stocks is getting pummeled this week, a sign that Wall Street may be unwilling to overlook missteps at some of its Internet darlings.', u' on Thursday plunged as much as 25 percent in after-hours trading after the professional social networking company forecast second-quarter sales that were weaker than Wall Street estimates.', u'The drop followed the declines of two other social networking companies. ', u'are down around 25 percent this week after the company reported quarterly sales that fell short of expectations, while local reviews site ', u' plummeted 23 percent on Thursday, a day after it too posted sales that disappointed Wall Street.', u'The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations. The stocks of all three companies had traded at relatively high levels, reflecting Wall Street\u2019s giddy projections. Yet all three shattered that perception in their own way. And while many of these stocks are often volatile, with investors on edge about the weak economy, interest rates and other issues, shareholders increasingly have little tolerance for the slightest misstep.', u'\u201cBased on where some of these stocks were trading, expectations were already very high and were priced for relative perfection,\u201d said Colin Sebastian, a senior analyst for Robert W. Baird & Company. \u201cThe reaction when companies don\u2019t achieve great results can be fairly severe.\u201d', u'Any continued rockiness in the stocks could cause repercussions. Last year, several technology companies \u2014 including the ', u'\u2014 delayed their initial public offerings because of turbulence in tech stocks. A protracted swoon in public tech companies could also trickle into their privately held counterparts. These companies have been frothy lately, with start-ups daily hitting $1 billion-plus valuations and renewing talk of a bubble in Silicon Valley.', u'Wall Street analysts are already reassessing their financial forecasts of some of the social media companies. In the last few days, several analysts who track Yelp and ', u' have lowered their expectations of the financial and stock performance of the companies.', u'Not all social media stocks are getting swept up in the maelstrom. ', u', ', u', also reported sales that were lighter than Wall Street expected. Yet its stock withstood the headwinds, as Facebook continues to pull away from competitors by adding users to its main social networking site, as well as its Instagram photo-sharing app and WhatsApp messaging service. The company also is making money off newer lines of business, like video advertising.', u'\u201cWith some of the larger platform companies like Facebook and Google, valuation isn\u2019t based so much on stretched growth targets,\u201d Mr. Sebastian said.', u'Unlike many other social media companies, LinkedIn doesn\u2019t depend on online advertising for its performance. On Thursday, the company posted a 35 percent jump in sales for the first quarter, exceeding estimates, with growth from services it sells to recruiters and premium subscriptions.', u'But LinkedIn warned that profits for the rest of the year would be hurt by the strong dollar, weak ad sales in Europe and a transition with assigning new accounts in its sales force. In addition, the company has increased research spending, and is grappling with the impact of its ', u', a video-based education site, its biggest acquisition ever.', u'Some of these \u201cinvestments required operational transitions that will be impacting our results through the middle of this year, but that we anticipate will position us well for 2016 and beyond,\u201d said Jeffrey Weiner, LinkedIn\u2019s chief executive, in a conference call, where he pointed particularly to the sales force and spending on research and development.', u'Yelp, which collects user reviews about restaurants and other local services, reported late Wednesday that its ad sales and user growth decelerated during the first quarter. The results suggested that it will be more challenging than expected to make money from the millions of people who check its free listings.', u'In a statement on Wednesday, Jeremy Stoppelman, Yelp\u2019s chief executive, ', u' was continuing to \u201cseek ways to increase engagement and drive awareness\u201d and was confident there remained a \u201clarge local advertising market opportunity.\u201d', u'Twitter has had particular difficulty in the last few months persuading marketers to buy ads designed to prompt the viewer to ', u', like downloading an app or buying a product. The company\u2019s inconsistent performance has intensified scrutiny of Dick Costolo, the chief executive, who has vowed to speed up product releases to attract new users and advertisers to Twitter.', u'Robert S. Peck, an Internet analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, said in an e-mail that the stock declines this week were company-specific, rather than a reflection of broader investor dissatisfaction with social networking or technology. Amazon.com soared last week after the company disclosed just how powerful a business ', u' had become.', u'Still, that\u2019s little comfort for the web companies that are taking a beating in the stock market now.', u'Referring to Yelp, Mark Mahaney, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets, wrote in a research note earlier this week that \u201cwe upgraded shares almost a year ago.\u201d', u'\u201cOur call hasn\u2019t worked,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd we don\u2019t have confidence that it will from here either.\u201d']), ([u'California ACLU Group Launches App to Record Possible Police Misconduct'], [u"LOS ANGELES \u2014  A California civil liberties group launched a mobile application on Thursday that will let bystanders record cell phone videos of possible cases of police misconduct and then quickly save the footage to the organization's computer servers.", u'The California chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union said the app will send the video to the organization and preserve it even if a phone is seized by police or destroyed.', u'The launch of the ACLU\'s "Mobile Justice CA" app comes as law enforcement agencies face scrutiny over the use of lethal force, especially against African-Americans, following several high-profile deaths of unarmed black men in encounters with police over the last year in the United States.', u'"It\'s critical that people understand what is being done by police officers, because what is being done is being done in the name of the public," said Hector Villagra, executive director of the ACLU of Southern California.', u'The app is targeted at residents of the most populous U.S. state, but ACLU chapters have launched similar mobile apps in at least five other states, including New York, Missouri and Mississippi over the last three years.', u'It also sends an alert to anyone with the app who might be in the area, giving them an opportunity to go to the location and observe, the ACLU said.', u'Villagra said the ACLU, in looking at which cases to delve into more deeply, will prioritize those that come with a written report, which is another element users can submit through the app. Records of incidents from users living in other states will be sent to ACLU officials there, he said.', u'ACLU officials advised anyone interacting directly with officers who wants to use the app to announce they are reaching for a phone, because officers might mistake the device for a weapon.', u'A representative from the California Peace Officers Association declined to comment immediately on the app.', u'In the past, advocates for police have expressed concern that people videotaping officers might interfere with their duties in an already tense situation.', u"This week in Los Angeles, the city's Police Commission approved rules governing the use of body cameras as its police department moves toward becoming the largest in the nation to put the devices into widespread use.", u'(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Lisa Lambert)']), ([u'LinkedIn Slashes Full-Year Profit Forecast'], [u'(Reuters) - LinkedIn Corp slashed its full-year profit forecast, citing slower revenue growth at its hiring business and a delay in recognizing the contribution of ', u', the online education company it has agreed to buy.', u'Shares of LinkedIn fell as much as 27 percent after the bell on Thursday.', u'The professional social network operator agreed this month to buy lynda.com for about $1.5 billion and expects to close the acquisition in the second quarter.', u'The company expects revenue contribution from Lynda to be delayed as it works its way to complete the integration.', u'Chief Financial Officer Steve Sordello said he expected revenue contribution from the acquisition to "normalize" in the second half of 2016.', u'LinkedIn forecast 2015 profit of $1.90 per share, excluding items, on revenue of about $2.90 billion. It had earlier forecast earnings of $2.95 per share on revenue of $2.93 billion to $2.95 billion.', u"Revenue growth from the company's hiring business slowed to 36 percent for the first quarter ended March 31. The business, which the company calls Talent Solutions, accounted for about 62 percent of total revenue.", u'Mountain View, California-based LinkedIn reported a net loss attributable to shareholders of $42.5 million, or 34 cents per share, for the first quarter, compared with $13.4 million, or 11 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'Revenue rose to $637.7 million from $473.2 million.', u'Excluding items, the company earned 57 cents per share.', u"The company's shares closed at $252.13 on the New York Stock Exchange.", u"(This version of the story adds details and the CFO's comment)", u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Robin Paxton)']), ([u'FireEye Raises Revenue Forecast as Demand for Cybersecurity Rises'], [u'(Reuters) - Cybersecurity company FireEye Inc raised its full-year revenue forecast as governments and businesses increase spending to protect their networks from sophisticated cyber attacks.', u'Shares of FireEye, which also reported better-than-expected quarterly revenue, rose 1.7 percent in extended trading on Thursday.', u'Recent high-profile cyber attacks, such as those on Anthem Inc and Sony Corp, have forced companies and governments to beef up their online security.', u'"The marketplace for cybersecurity is white hot, the needs for our FireEye and Mandiant solutions are white hot," Chief Executive David DeWalt told Reuters.', u'FireEye, which is yet to post a profit since it went public in September 2013, uses cloud-based technologies to help businesses and government departments fight computer viruses that manage to breach old-school antivirus software.', u'The global cybersecurity market is estimated to grow to $155.74 billion by 2019 from $95.60 billion in 2014, according to market research firm MarketsandMarket.', u'"We are seeing the threat landscape go so global - a lot of Russia, Chinese attackers, even American involvement, Middle-East, North Korea with Sony ... it\'s a global pandemic," DeWalt said.', u'FireEye raised its 2015 revenue forecast to $615 million-$635 million from $605 million-$625 million.', u'The company said it now expected to report a loss of $1.75-$1.85 per share, smaller than $1.80-$1.90 anticipated earlier.', u'Analysts on average were expecting a loss of $1.86 per share and revenue of $619.8 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'"They are in the right place at the right time, which is why they just crushed the billings number, which is a big focus for the Street," FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives said.', u"FireEye's billings jumped 53 percent in the first quarter ended March 31.", u"The company's net loss attributable to shareholders widened to $134.0 million, or 88 cents per share from $101.2 million, or 76 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, FireEye had a loss of 48 cents per share.', u'Revenue jumped 69.5 percent to $125.4 million as subscription and services revenue surged 71 percent, driven mainly by its acquisition of cyber forensics firm Mandiant Corp last year.', u'Analysts on average had expected a loss of 51 cents per share and revenue of $120.6 million.', u"FireEye shares were trading at $41.90 after the bell. Up to Thursday's close, the stock had risen about 30 percent this year.", u'(This version of the story adds CEO and analyst comment and updates shares)', u'(Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'Bid to End Mass Collection of Phone Data Advances in Congress'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  A bill to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data advanced in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1.", u'The House Judiciary Committee voted 25-2 to approve the "USA Freedom Act," seeking to tighten control of a program publicly exposed two years ago by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.', u"The bill would bar the bulk collection of Americans' telephone records under Section 215 of the ", u' and other intelligence authorities, and it would increase transparency and accountability in surveillance programs.', u'A similar bill has been introduced in the U.S. Senate.', u'The bills are supported by privacy groups but will run into opposition in Congress and at the White House.', u'Democratic President Barack Obama and many lawmakers want to retain the mass data-collection program as a national security tool, although they are open to changes.', u'A vote on the bill could take place in the House as soon as next month.', u'(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'Tesla Hunts for New Revenue in Home Storage Batteries'], [u"LOS ANGELES \u2014  Tesla Motors Inc shares slipped Thursday after a month-long surge ahead of Chief Executive Elon Musk's expected announcement that the money-losing electric luxury car maker will seek new revenues from batteries for storing electricity at homes and businesses.", u'Musk and other Tesla officials have dropped a series of broad hints over the past month about the topic of the announcement, which is scheduled for 8 p.m. Pacific time Thursday at a Tesla facility near Los Angeles.', u'Tesla shares are up about 20 percent since March 30, when Musk tweeted that the company would unveil a "major new Tesla product line - not a car."  Tesla shares were down about 1.7 percent Thursday hours ahead of the announcement in a broadly lower market.', u"Investor enthusiasm for Tesla's potential entry into the stationary electricity storage business is driven by projections that selling Tesla batteries for homes and businesses to use as backup power systems could be important to building a sustainable future for Tesla's car-making side, analysts say.", u'Deutsche Bank estimates sales of stationary battery storage systems for homes and commercial uses could yield as much as $4.5 billion in revenue for Tesla. Analysts expect Tesla will build stationary storage systems around the same basic batteries it will produce for its vehicles at a large factory the company is building in Nevada.', u'Stationary storage systems could be part of a fossil-fuel free lifestyle in which an individual has solar panels on the roof, generating electricity that can power home appliances and recharge batteries in a Tesla Model S sedan parked in the garage.', u'Government subsidies and a dramatic drop in the price of lithium ion batteries are drawing more companies into the home electricity storage business.', u'Tesla has so far received $1.1 million from California\u2019s Self-Generation Incentive Program. Tesla has received or is poised to receive state funding for about 600 storage projects in California, according to data from the state.', u'Though valued at just $200 million in 2012, the energy storage industry is expected to grow to $19 billion by 2017, according to research firm IHS CERA.', u'Tesla and SolarCity will face competition for subsidy money. Coda Energy, which rose from the ashes of a failed EV maker and is now owned by Fortress Investment, and startups backed by the likes of Total, GE and Siemens are going after shares of the stationary storage market.', u'(Editing by Joseph White and Andrew Hay)']), ([u'Apple Watch Has Lowest Hardware Cost to Price: IHS'], [u"(Reuters) - Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple phone, according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study.", u"The hardware cost of an Apple Watch Sport model was about 24 percent of the suggested retail price compared with 29-38 percent for the iPhone maker's other products, IHS said on Thursday. (", u')', u'The Apple Watch Sport 38 mm costs $349 and the teardown shows a bill of materials of $81.20 with the cost of production rising to $83.70 when $2.50 in manufacturing expense is added, IHS said.', u'(This version of the story corrects the first paragraph to say Apple phone, not Apple product, after IHS amends report)', u'(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'U.S. Switches Air Traffic Control to New Computer System'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has switched much of the U.S. air traffic control system to a new advanced computer system designed to reduce flight delays and improve aircraft fuel efficiency, officials said on Thursday.', u'FAA Administrator Michael Huerta told reporters that the $2.5 billion satellite-based En Route Automation Modernization, or ERAM, system has now fully replaced generations-old radar tracking. It was installed a month ago at the 20 FAA air traffic control centers in the continental United States.', u'ERAM is intended as the backbone of an effort to overhaul aviation systems with next-generation technology. It would help the U.S. aviation system cope with an expected 50 percent rise in air passengers over the next two decades, by enabling air traffic controllers to track more flights over larger areas.', u'"You can kind of think of ERAM as a foundational technology - an iPad," Huerta said. "We\'ll be building additional applications on top of it."', u'Officials said the new system, implemented after about five years of delays and $350 million in cost overruns, should reduce flight delays and boost fuel efficiency by expediting departures and setting more accurate course and speed corrections while aircraft are between gates.', u'ERAM can track nearly twice as many high altitude flights as its predecessor and process three times the amount of data, the FAA said.', u"FAA officials provided no data on ERAM's performance so far but said the system has met stringent standards for safety, performance and reliability at each of 20 air traffic control  centers.", u'The system has not been implemented at FAA control centers in Hawaii, Alaska, Guam and Puerto Rico.', u'Republicans in Congress want the U.S. aviation overhaul to include privatization of the air traffic control system. But U.S. Treasury Secretary Anthony Foxx expressed caution about such proposals.', u'"We will be open to thinking about different structures. But the pivot point has to be recognizing that we have the safest system in the world, and we don\'t want to do anything to jeopardize that," said Foxx, who appeared alongside Huerta at a press conference.', u'(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'FCC Seeks to Consolidate Net Neutrality Cases in Washington Court'], [u'(Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Communications Commission wants a federal appeals court in Washington to hear the cases against its new internet regulations, according to court documents filed on Thursday.', u'The FCC asked other courts where such lawsuits have been filed to transfer their cases to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, which had weighed the agency\'s previous iterations of "', u'" rules in the past.', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh and David Ingram; Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u"Obama's BRAIN Initiative Yields First Study Results"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The mouse walked, the mouse stopped; the mouse ignored a bowl of food, then scampered back and gobbled it up, and it was all controlled by neuroscientists, researchers reported on Thursday.', u"The study, describing a way to manipulate a lab animal's brain circuitry accurately enough to turn behaviors both on and off, is the first to be published under President Barack Obama's 2013 BRAIN Initiative, which aims to advance neuroscience and develop therapies for brain disorders.", u'The point of the remote-control mouse is not to create an army of robo-rodents. Instead, neuroscientists hope to perfect a technique for identifying brain wiring underlying any behavior, and control that behavior by activating and deactivating neurons.', u'If scientists are able do that for the circuitry involved in psychiatric or neurological disorders, it may lead to therapies. That approach reflects a shift away from linking such illnesses to "chemical imbalances" in the brain, instead tracing them to miswiring and misfiring in neuronal circuits.', u'"This tool sharpens the cutting edge of research aimed at improving our understanding of brain circuit disorders, such as schizophrenia and addictive behaviors," said Dr. Francis Collins, director of the National Institutes of Health, which funded the $1 million study.', u'The technique used to control neurons is called DREADDs (designer receptors exclusively activated by designer drugs).', u'Brain neurons are genetically engineered to produce a custom-made - "designer" - receptor. When the receptor gathers in a manmade molecule that fits like a key in a lock, the neuron is activated.', u'Because the receptor does not respond to other molecules, including natural ones in the brain, the only way to activate the neurons is via the manmade one. DREADDs allow scientists to manipulate neurons without implanting anything in the brain.', u'DREADDs, invented about a decade ago, had been used to turn neurons on or off, but not both. DREADDs 2.0 are the first to do that, scientists led by Bryan Roth of the University of North Carolina reported in Neuron.', u'Targeting hunger-promoting neurons, the scientists made mice ignore food bowls or dive into them. Targeting movement neurons, they made mice scamper or stop.', u'In a competing remote-control technique called optogenetics, engineered neurons are activated upon receiving a pulse of light. That turns them on and off more quickly than with DREADDs, but the hardware required for delivering light to a spot in the brain is invasive and cumbersome.', u'(Reporting by Sharon Begley; editing by Gunna Dickson)']), ([u"Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company Test-Flies Suborbital Spaceship"], [u'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. \u2014  Blue Origin, a startup space company owned by Amazon.com chief Jeff Bezos, launched an experimental suborbital spaceship from Texas, the first in a series of test flights to develop commercial unmanned and passenger spaceflight services, the company said on Thursday.', u'The New Shepard vehicle blasted off on Wednesday from Blue Origin\u2019s test facility near Van Horn, Texas, and rose to an altitude of 58 miles (93 km) before the capsule separated and parachuted back to Earth.', u'\u201cAny astronauts on board would have had a very nice journey into space and a smooth return,\u201d Bezos said in a statement.', u'The descent of the liquid hydrogen- and liquid oxygen-fueled rocket, however, was not successful.', u'\u201cWe lost pressure in our hydraulic system on descent,\u201d Bezos noted. \u201cFortunately, we\u2019ve already been in work for some time on an improved hydraulic system ... We\u2019ll be ready to fly again soon."', u'Blue Origin is among a handful of companies developing privately owned spaceships to fly experiments, satellites and passengers into space. Like Virgin Galactic, a U.S. offshoot of Richard Branson\u2019s London-based Virgin Group, and privately owned XCOR Aerospace, Blue Origin is eyeing suborbital spaceflights, which reach altitudes of about 62 miles (100 km), as a stepping stone to orbital flight.', u'Virgin Galactic plans to resume test flights of its six-passenger, two-pilot SpaceShipTwo vehicle later this year, following a fatal accident in October. Mojave, Calif.-based XCOR plans to begin test flights of its two-person Lynx space plane in late 2015 as well.', u'Boeing and privately owned Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, both of which have financial support from NASA, are skipping suborbital flight and building space taxis to ferry crews to and from the International Space Station, which flies about 250 miles (418 km) above Earth.', u'Blue Origin also is working on a more powerful, methane-burning rocket engine that has attracted the backing of United Launch Alliance, the Lockheed-Martin/Boeing partnership that currently flies nearly all of the U.S. military\u2019s satellites.', u'Blue Origin, SpaceX and United Launch Alliance are all developing reusable launch systems in an effort to cut costs.', u'Blue Origin expects to fly New Shepard dozens of times unmanned before test pilots are aboard, company President Rob Meyerson told reporters during an April 7 conference call. The capsule is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to suborbital space. Blue Origin has not yet released pricing information.', u'(Editing by Ted Bothaf)']), ([u'Apple, IBM Announce Partnership With Japan Post to Improve Elderly Care'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Inc and International Business Machine Corp have teamed up with Japan Post Holdings Co to improve caregiver and monitoring services for the elderly in Japan, the companies announced on Thursday.', u"IBM will work with Japan Post to develop iPad software that will enable Japan's national Post Office Watch service to better monitor elderly clients. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Japan Post Holdings President Taizo Nishimuro announced the initiative at a joint news conference at IBM's Watson New York City headquarters.", u'Cook touted iPhone and iPad sales in Japan but notably made little mention of the Apple Watch, his first new product since taking over the company after Steve Jobs\' death in 2011. He touted the iPad as an integral tool for improving care of elderly family members and patients, and said Apple has seen a "significant uptake" of the iPhone and iPad in Japan.', u'(Reporting By Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Peter Galloway)']), ([u'Apple, IBM, Japan Post Team Up to Improve Elderly Care'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple, IBM and Japanese insurance and bank holding company Japan Post have formed a partnership to improve the lives of elderly people in the country.', u"The companies say they hope other countries will follow suit as the world's population ages. About a quarter of Japan's population, or more than 33 million people, is over 65, the companies said citing data from Japan's health ministry.", u"Apple CEO Tim Cook, IBM CEO Ginni Rometty and Japan Post CEO Taizo Nishimuro announced the deal in New York on Thursday. The program will provide iPads with apps designed to help seniors manage day-to-day lives and keep in touch with family members. IBM will provide cloud services and help create apps to improve seniors' quality of life, whether that means finding a plumber, keeping in touch with distant family members or remembering to take medications.", u"Cook said Apple strives to make its products accessible and easy to use, and noted that a many of the company's recent products have focused on health. Its HealthKit system, for example, lets users share health information such as heart rate or weight with various phone apps to get a more complete picture of the user's health and fitness level.", u'Apple Inc. and IBM formed a partnership last year to create mobile apps for a broad range of industries. This has led to the creation of 22 apps so far.']), ([u'OmniVision to Be Bought by Chinese Investors in $1.9 Billion Deal'], [u'(Reuters) - OmniVision Technologies Inc, a maker of chips for smartphone and tablet cameras, agreed to be taken private by a group of Chinese investors for about $1.9 billion in cash.', u"Chinese private equity firms Hua Capital Management Co Ltd, CITIC Capital Holdings Ltd and GoldStone Investment Co Ltd will pay $29.75 per share for the company, a premium of 12 percent to the stock's Wednesday close on the Nasadaq.", u'(Reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr)']), ([u'Obama to Announce Free e-Books for Low-Income Kids'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  President Barack Obama will go to a public library in one of Washington's poorest neighborhoods on Thursday to talk about a plan to give low-income children access to 10,000 e-books.", u'Working with publishers and libraries, the White House sees the modest plan as part of a strategy to address inner city problems by increasing educational opportunities for kids - woes brought into focus with recent riots in nearby Baltimore.', u'"If we\'re serious about living up to what our country is about, then we have to consider what we can do to provide opportunities in every community, not just when they\'re on the front page, but every day," said Jeff Zients, Obama\'s top economic adviser, in a briefing with reporters.', u'Zients cited research showing 80 percent of low-income children lag below their grade level in reading skills and lack books at home. The president will be visiting Anacostia Library in Southeast Washington, DC.', u"The plan includes $250 million in e-book commitments from publishers, including from the five major publishing houses: Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH's Macmillan, CBS Corp's Simon & Schuster Inc, Penguin Random House, Lagardere SCA's Hachette Book Group Inc, and News Corp's HarperCollins Publishers LLC.", u'The New York Public Library is developing an app to connect low-income kids with the books, and Obama will urge more communities to find ways to get kids into libraries.', u'Kids will need computers and devices to read the e-books. Zients noted the White House had previously announced programs to upgrade Internet services for schools and libraries, with private sector help from companies including Apple, which pledged $100 million in devices to low-income schools.', u'"It\'s very different than for our generation," said Cecilia Munoz, Obama\'s domestic policy adviser.', u'"More and more, you\'re going to be seeing kids using devices, and what we\'re doing is making sure that there\'s more books available on those devices," Munoz told reporters.', u'(Reporting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'China Issues Details on New Resource Tax Structure for Rare Earth, Metals'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  China issued details on a new resource tax structure for ', u' and metals that will be based on prices instead of volumes, effective from May 1, the Ministry of Finance said on Thursday.', u'The country will levy price-based resource tax for light rare earth at between 7.5 percent to 11.5 percent depending on the areas of productions.', u'For medium and heavy rare earth, the tax will be 27 percent.', u'The government also set tungsten resource tax at 6.5 percent and for molybdenum at 11.0 percent, the ministry said on its website. (', u')', u'(Reporting by Judy Hua and Chen Aizhu)']), ([u'Property Portal Zoopla Buys Price Comparison Site uSwitch'], [u'LONDON \u2014  British property search website Zoopla said it was buying price comparison service uSwitch for 160 million pounds ($247 million) to offer home energy deals to customers that visit its websites and mobile apps.', u'Shares in Zoopla raced to a six-month high and were trading up 14 percent at 210 pence at 0901 GMT as analysts said it was a sensible deal at a good price.', u'"It\'s a good fit with the existing Zoopla business, with the aim of creating a single resource where consumers can research, find and manage their home", analysts at Numis said.', u"Alex Chesterman, Zoopla's founder and chief executive, said the deal bought together two of Britain's fastest-growing digital brands in home services.", u'"Now consumers will be able to use us to cut their energy deals, get a better broadband deal, find better ', u' and much more," Chesterman said on Thursday.', u'Founded in 2000, uSwitch receives about 50 million visits a year from consumers looking to move to a better tariffs for gas and electricity supply, as well as phone and broadband services.', u'The company, known as Ulysses Enterprises Limited and owned by Lloyds Development Capital (LDC), Forward Internet Group and uSwitch management, posted core earnings of 16.2 million pounds on revenue of 62.9 million pounds in 2014.', u'LDC said it would make a return of 2.4 times its original investment when it backed a management buyout in August 2013.', u"Chesterman said Daily Mail and General Trust, Zoopla's largest shareholder with a 32 percent stake, supported the deal. Zoopla will pay an additional 30 pounds if uSwitch meets performance targets.", u'Zoopla, which also owns the PrimeLocation portal, is diversifying just months after a new property portal backed by estate agents, OnTheMarket, disrupted a market that Zoopla and rival Rightmove largely had to themselves.', u'Chesterman said Zoopla had lost about 4,000 agents, OnTheMarket requires its agents to use only one other portal, but he continued to downplay its long-term impact.', u'"We think that competitive threat is getting weaker by the minute," he said. "Many dozens (of agents) are already coming back."', u'He said Zoopla expected to report revenue of more than 41 million pounds, and adjusted core earnings of about 21 million pounds for the six months to the end of March, a period in which its websites and mobile apps received 266 million visits.', u'($1 = 0.6482 pounds)', u'(Reporting by Paul Sandle; Editing by David Holmes and David Clarke)']), ([u'Nokia Downplays Shareholder Opposition to Alcatel-Lucent Deal'], [u'HELSINKI \u2014  Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri defended the terms of its pending acquisition of smaller telecom gear maker Alcatel-Lucent after a shareholder criticized them as unacceptable.', u"Odey Asset Management, Alcatel-Lucent's second-largest shareholder with 5 percent, said in a letter to investors that it would not tender its shares in the Nokia takeover because the 15.6 billion euro price in the all-share deal was too low, according to the Financial Times newspaper.", u'"We\'ve met many investors in the last couple weeks, and there\'s very strong, good feedback," Suri said on a call after first-quarter results.', u'He declined to say whether the terms of the deal would be altered, adding only that both boards had already approved them.', u'"Fundamentally this is a good deal with attractive upside in long-term and upfront."', u'Alcatel-Lucent shareholders do not need to vote to ratify the deal since it will go through as long as 51 percent of shares are tendered.', u'(Reporting by Jussi Rosendahl; Editing by Leila Abboud)']), ([u'Abe, Seeking New Spark for Japan High-Tech, Meets Silicon Valley Chiefs'], [u'MEMLO PARK, Calif. \u2014  In the 1980s when Sony and Toshiba were setting the agenda in the global TV and memory chip markets Japan was bristling with confidence as a hub of technological innovation.', u"Three decades later, with Japan's electronics industry in decline, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has come to Silicon Valley - the first sitting Japanese leader to do so - in the hopes of rekindling that innovative spark.", u'Twitter Chief Executive Dick Costolo; the CEO of local services search company Yelp Inc, Jeremy Stoppelman; and the head of ridesharing company Lyft, Logan Green, were among a group of tech leaders whom met Abe at a hotel near Stanford University on Thursday afternoon.', u'Abe told the group that business conditions in Japan were strong with corporate profits up and stocks at 15-year highs. But he said he recognized the need to expand investment opportunities, including for venture firms.', u'"Improving the situation for existing companies is not enough," he told the group. "I want to soak up all that Silicon Valley has to offer and take the lessons to Japanese," he said.', u'He later dropped by the headquarters of ', u" maker Tesla Motors Inc. Abe took a spin in a red Model S sedan with Chief Executive Elon Musk, who told reporters they discussed the importance of Tesla's battery partnership with Japan's Panasonic Corp and expanding electric car-charging stations.", u'Abe was also due to meet Facebook Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg later on the swing through the West Coast, which follows a summit with President Barack Obama earlier this week.', u"Japan's once-dominant technology companies have long fallen behind the likes of Samsung Electronics of South Korea and Apple Inc.", u'Sony Corp, which invented the Walkman portable audio player, is struggling to come up with hit products. Sharp Corp, a pioneer in the flat-screen TV market, is seeking its second big bailout in three years.', u'Japanese venture capital investments came to $1.2 billion last year, according to the Tokyo-based Venture Enterprise Center, a small fraction of the $48 billion spent by venture capitalists in the United States, a separate survey based on Thomson Reuters data shows.', u"Much of Japan's innovation is happening within the confines of large companies that tend to be plodding and risk-averse.", u"But Abe's supporters are optimistic the visit will have an impact simply by way of the message it sends.", u'Abe has already stoked risk-taking by investors with massive monetary easing and government stimulus, the first two "arrows" of his "Abenomics" strategy. Promoting entrepreneurship is one target of the third arrow meant to unlock growth through structural reforms.', u"Abe will also meet California Governor Jerry Brown, where he will talk up Japan's ", u' technology, eyeing a possible project in the state. Brown has made building an 800-mile high-speed rail system in the state a priority.', u'Nicholas Benes, who chairs a committee at the American Chamber of Commerce in Japan that proposes growth strategies to the government, said Abe could be doing more to promote new businesses.', u"Benes said that could include making it easier to hire and fire workers - a reform of Japan's rigid labor market that Abe has so far failed to tackle.", u"Even so, Benes believes Abe's trip to Silicon Valley could go far in promoting risk-taking in Japan, where most university graduates covet a stable job with a big company.", u'"The most important thing is to simply change the social perception of entrepreneurship from being something where the dropouts have to go, to something that you might want to do fresh out of Todai," he said, referring to the prestigious Tokyo University by its Japanese name.', u'(Additional reporting by Thomas Wilson, Tim Kelly, Teppei Kasai and Katsuro Kitamatsu in Tokyo; Editing by David Storey, Leslie Adler and Edmund Klamann)']), ([u'Twitter Troubles Lie in Marketers\u2019 Reluctance to Buy New Kind of Ad'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  As a company, Twitter is an adolescent \u2014 gangly, starry-eyed, growing like a weed and unpredictable.', u'No wonder advertisers and investors are having trouble figuring it out.', u'The social networking company ', u' on Tuesday by reporting slower-than-expected growth in advertising sales, which account for nearly all of its revenue. Shares of Twitter, which fell 18 percent on Tuesday after the first-quarter results were disclosed, dropped an additional 9 percent on Wednesday.', u'Although revenue rose a brisk 74 percent in the quarter compared with the same quarter a year ago, it was less growth than in Twitter\u2019s five previous quarters and well below the high bar that the company had set.', u'Twitter attributed the disappointment to advertisers\u2019 reluctance to spend heavily on ads that prompt the viewer to take an action, like download a smartphone app or apply for a credit card. This type of ad, known as direct response, is a newer area for Twitter, which originally focused on general brand image ads.', u'Marketers say they are indeed more cautious about Twitter\u2019s direct-response ads because the microblogging service has not yet shown that it can target or track those ads with the level of precision that advertisers want. Compared with mature rivals like Google and Facebook, Twitter doesn\u2019t know as much about its users, and it is more difficult to measure results.', u'Facebook has so much data on its users, \u201cyou could actually target a premium credit card to a businessman you know is traveling all the time,\u201d said Bryan Wiener, chairman of 360i, a digital marketing agency that works with brands like Capital One, NBCUniversal, Spotify, Oreo and Oscar Mayer.', u'\u201cThat\u2019s the kind of information that\u2019s missing from Twitter,\u201d he said. \u201cThere\u2019s not this rich history of your holistic life.\u201d As a result, he said, many brands are unwilling to commit big money to Twitter ad campaigns.', u'Richard Alfonsi, Twitter\u2019s vice president for global online sales, defended the company\u2019s targeting and said that plenty of advertisers understood the company\u2019s value to them. He cited as examples King, which makes mobile games like Candy Crush Saga, and the Lyft ride-hailing service.', u'\u201cWe have a long list of advertisers who are having success,\u201d he said. Still, he acknowledged that Twitter needed to do more to prove to advertisers that it delivered results. A new partnership with Google\u2019s DoubleClick platform, which many brands and agencies use to buy and measure an ad\u2019s effectiveness across platforms, will probably help with that when it is introduced in the next few months.', u'Even if they have doubts, advertisers are intrigued by Twitter\u2019s position as the world\u2019s agora. Many consider it the most important hub for live conversation, especially around major events, and they want to be part of it.', u'Macy\u2019s, the department store chain, is increasing its investment in Twitter ads more than in other social platforms because of that real-time appeal.', u'During the N.C.A.A. college basketball tournament, for example, Macy\u2019s ran a campaign using a direct-response polling product from Twitter that asked fans which team they wanted to win. The act of voting created another tweet that the fan could send out to tell other Twitter users how they voted.', u'Travis Freeman, head of social at the Dentsu Aegis Network, the advertising agency that handled the campaign, said the goal was to make Macy\u2019s part of a relevant conversation, not necessarily to drive sales.', u'He said the campaign was effective, although he declined to disclose details. \u201cIt took relevant content with relevant timing with relevant conversation and tied it all together to ask people to do something that they were really interested in,\u201d he said.', u'Mr. Freeman said that, in general, Twitter is best for building brand awareness and recall. Its weakness is the ability to measure direct-response effectiveness.', u'\u201cA lot of times, brands don\u2019t really know what to do with it,\u201d he said. \u201cAnd that was Twitter\u2019s fault because I don\u2019t think they had a very clear direction.\u201d', u'Ivan Pollard, a top marketing executive at Coca-Cola North America, said that Coke had successfully used Twitter for large-scale ad campaigns, like #shareacoke, and was devoting more money to the platform.', u'\u201cThey\u2019re very good at understanding an advertiser\u2019s needs and very willing to work with advertisers to achieve their ambition,\u201d he said. But he also noted that Coke experimented with every new platform because that was where its customers were.', u'Brian Wieser, an analyst with Pivotal Research, said the stock market\u2019s negative reaction to Twitter\u2019s stumbles was really a matter of unrealistic expectations for the still-young company.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s hard to grow that fast that consistently,\u201d he said.', u'Mr. Wiener, the 360i chairman, said that Twitter\u2019s growing pains were not unusual for newer ad platforms. \u201cEighteen months ago, we might have been having a similar conversation about Facebook,\u201d he said. \u201cThat\u2019s the awkward teenage phase that Twitter is in now.\u201d']), ([u'A Founder of Secret, the Anonymous Social App, Is Shutting It Down'], [u'Last summer, employees at the start-up Secret gathered in their new offices in downtown San Francisco, waiting for the founders to address the company. Secret had recently raised $25 million to work on its smartphone app, which lets users anonymously share information with groups of friends and connections.', u'But the news had broken that David Byttow and Chrys Bader, the founders of Secret, had sold part of their stake in the company for $6 million and that Mr. Byttow later bought a Ferrari. The founders did not initially tell the employees about the sale; instead, some of them found out on Secret.', u'Although Mr. Byttow and Mr. Bader reassured workers at the meeting that they were dedicated to the company, it was a turning point, said people close to Secret, who spoke on condition of anonymity. It shook the confidence of some workers, they said: If the founders had taken money off the table, it could mean they were protecting themselves against Secret\u2019s failing.', u'On Tuesday, that course of events played out. After use of the app declined for months, Mr. Byttow told employees that the company was closing and handed out severance packages, the people close to the matter said.', u'\u201cAfter a lot of thought and consultation with our board, I\u2019ve decided to shut down Secret,\u201d Mr. Byttow wrote in an online ', u' on Wednesday shortly after BuzzFeed reported that the start-up would close. He said he would wind down Secret over the next few weeks and would return money to investors. \u201cI believe in failing fast in order to go on and make only new and different mistakes.\u201d', u' illustrates the flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley\u2019s current technology boom. Even as a handful of start-ups rise to stratospheric valuations and take in billions of dollars in financing, other privately held companies cannot sustain their following.', u'Fab.com, a onetime e-commerce darling, was once valued at more than $1 billion and had raised more than $150 million before ending up in a fire sale this year, when it was bought for about $15 million. Other start-ups are dealing with a cooling-off process as big companies muscle in on their turf. Meerkat, a live-streaming video app that gained great traction early this year, is now ', u' and its Periscope live-video app, for example.', u'Yet even by Silicon Valley standards, Secret\u2019s arc from next big thing to yesterday\u2019s news was breathtakingly fast. The app was started 16 months ago by Mr. Byttow and Mr. Bader, one of a group of anonymous-sharing apps that includes Whisper and Yik Yak. Mr. Byttow had previously worked at Google building social networking products, and at other hot start-ups, such as the mobile payments company Square.', u'Within weeks, Silicon Valley was abuzz about Secret. The venture capitalist Marc Andreessen sent several Twitter messages at the time that appeared to attack the gossip and rumors circulating on apps like Secret. At the same time, other investors were rushing to buy into Secret. In March 2014, the company ', u' from venture capital firms such as Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield & Byers and celebrities including Ashton Kutcher.', u'Part of the reason the app had momentum was that it focused on issues of anonymity and identity, themes that many in Silicon Valley imagined would be part of the next wave of social networking apps after Facebook and Twitter.', u'Alexis Ohanian, a founder of Reddit who invested in Secret, said at the time that it showed signs of being a contender for the future of social networking beyond Facebook. \u201cApps like Secret become an outlet for people to speak honestly about things that would otherwise result in career damage,\u201d Mr. Ohanian said. He did not respond to a request for comment on Wednesday.', u'\u201cThey raised a lot of money and had a good reaction initially,\u201d said Brian Blau an analyst at Gartner, a research company. \u201cBut how do you build viral growth when the community is anonymous?\u201d', u'Mr. Byttow tried to stoke enthusiasm for Secret. In a post last March, he wrote that 75 percent of users with more than five friends came back every day. \u201cOur vision is to create a world flowing with authenticity,\u201d he wrote. \u201cBeing more open with each other brings us closer together, builds understanding and ultimately makes the world a better place.\u201d', u'Interest was so great that Secret\u2019s co-founders had private discussions with Chris Cox, vice president of product at Facebook, about anonymity and identity, according to two people with knowledge of the meeting. Facebook declined to comment.', u'Still, Secret was controversial. For many, it was a morass of vitriol and catty comments, a playground for anonymous cyberbullies to take potshots at others. Secret scrambled to hire community moderators to control the negative posts. People inside Secret said it was not prepared to deal with the flood of negative posts.', u'More money flowed in. Secret ', u' from Index Ventures, Redpoint Ventures and others in July, giving it a valuation of more than $100 million.', u'To broaden the app\u2019s appeal, the start-up released a new version that would let people sign up for Secret and find friends using their Facebook credentials, instead of using the contacts in someone\u2019s address book. The company added other features, including an ability to more easily browse topics in the app.', u'Even so, use appeared to decline, according to App Annie, an analytics firm. Last August, a Brazilian court ordered Apple and Google to remove the app from their app stores in the country over concerns that it promoted ', u'.', u'Many close watchers of Secret have seen the writing on the wall for some time. In the last six months, nearly all of Secret\u2019s top engineering employees have gone to other companies, including Uber, Airbnb and Twitter.', u'In December, Secret redesigned its app to look much like Yik Yak, a competitor, in hopes of attracting more users. It did not work, and use declined further, two people with knowledge of the figures said. Subsequently, Mr. Bader left Secret over differences about what it should become.', u'Closing Secret \u201chas been the hardest decision of my life and one that saddens me deeply,\u201d Mr. Byttow wrote on Wednesday. \u201cUnfortunately, Secret does not represent the vision I had when starting the company, so I believe it\u2019s the right decision for myself, our investors and our team.\u201d', u'Mr. Byttow\u2019s once-prized red Ferrari is also gone,\xa0 a person with knowledge of the matter said.']), ([u'Electronic Bidet Toilet Seat Is the Luxury You Won\u2019t Want to Live Without'], [u'IT may sound as if I\u2019m exaggerating when I say that a high-tech, heated, warm-water-spraying bidet toilet seat ruined me for regular toilets, but I\u2019m not. I don\u2019t know how you guys do it. I look at your normal toilets, the ones with seats that are as cold as ice, the ones that don\u2019t spray and buff your nethers with a soothing shower of cleansing H', u'O, and I shake my head. I look at your dry-wiping ways, and I wonder how your mom raised you. Don\u2019t you want to be clean? Don\u2019t you ever feel ... not so fresh?', u'\u201cYou don\u2019t try to clean the rest of your body with a dry towel, right?\u201d said Jerry Bougher, the marketing manager for toilet seats at Kohler, the plumbing fixtures company. Say you\u2019re covered with mud, he said. \u201cWill you clean yourself up with a bunch of paper? No, obviously, you\u2019ll take a shower. It comes down to the same thing with this. Here in the United States we\u2019ve used dry toilet paper to clean ourselves, and it doesn\u2019t always do the job effectively. Cleaning with water is kind of like taking a shower. It\u2019s just, you know, cleaner.\u201d', u'This is the basic pitch for the electronic bidet toilet seat, a product that has been used widely around the world for decades, but has only lately been inching its way into the American market.', u'Better late than never, I say, because these things are glorious.', u'The seats, which range in price from about $250 to more than $1,700, are attachments for your toilet with at least two basic functions, and, depending on the model, a wide array of more luxurious extras.', u'The basic features are warming your bottom, and then cleaning it with warmed water. The more luxurious appointments try to recreate something like an opulent spa. Some seats will dry your bottom with warmed air, sort of like being pushed through a carwash. Some use a fan and a catalytic converter to suck out the gases in the bowl, apparently removing any odors. Some sense when you\u2019re approaching the toilet and spray a fine mist in the bowl, prelubricating it to aid with flushing. Many of the seats, as you might expect, offer a remote control to operate the spraying and other functions', u'But a lot of these extras are unnecessary, because even the basic electronic bidet seat feels luxurious \u2014 and once you start using one, you\u2019ll never want a toilet without it.', u'I first fell for the heated bidet seat two years ago at a hotel in the Colorado mountains. It was a Washlet made by Toto, the Japanese plumbing company that introduced its own in the 1980s. After using it once \u2014 the pillowy warm seat, the personal shower, the sensation of feeling completely refreshed \u2014 I didn\u2019t want to leave the bathroom.', u'I wondered how anyone could live without one, and I immediately plunked down $350 for a Washlet of my own. Since then, I\u2019ve also purchased a $250 bidet seat made by Brondell for my other bathroom. Both have been well worth the price. They were a breeze to install (if you have modern plumbing and a nearby electrical outlet, the only tool you\u2019ll need is a wrench), and, next to my smartphone, they\u2019ve become my favorite can\u2019t-do-without technology.', u'Many people around the world have long been similarly enlightened. In Japan, the proliferation of electronic bidet seats is ', u'. About 76 percent of households have a washlet (Toto\u2019s brand is often used as the generic name). Manufacturers say the devices are used widely in other parts of Asia, too, as well as in the Middle East and, increasingly, in Europe, where they\u2019ve disrupted the market for old-school, toilet-adjacent bidets.', u'Jason Fitzsimmons, the vice president for sales of Toto USA, said that the bidet seat\u2019s introduction in Japan \u201cwas the perfect match of technology, culture, personal hygiene and bathing habits.\u201d The Japanese, like many people across Asia and the Middle East, were of the justifiable view that when you go, you ought to use water. After their rise in Japan, bidet seats spread across neighboring parts of Asia for a more basic reason, Mr. Fitzsimmons said. \u201cToilet paper was not easily available and seen as the ultimate in luxury \u2014 and even when you did have it, the quality of the toilet paper was low,\u201d he said.', u'But when Toto brought the Washlet to the United States in the early 1990s, the company hit a wall. \u201cPeople weren\u2019t culturally prepared to discuss the features and the benefits of it from a hygiene perspective,\u201d Mr. Fitzsimmons said. \u201cSo, we struggled mightily.\u201d', u'Lately, though, manufacturers have managed to put the past behind them. Though the market in the United States is still tiny compared with the rest of the world, Mr. Fitzsimmons said that Toto\u2019s Washlet sales have grown by 20 percent annually in each of the last five years. Mr. Bougher, of Kohler, said that his company\u2019s sales had also been increasing. The company makes several models.', u'The companies attribute the increase to a growing cultural acceptance of discussing how we wipe \u2014 spurred, in part, by marketing from the toilet paper industry \u2014 and because bidet seats have some environmental benefits. (You\u2019ll use less toilet paper, and ', u'.)', u'But perhaps the main reason that bidet seat sales are on the rise is that, after you try one, you can\u2019t turn back. \u201cYeah, there are people who think it\u2019s weird,\u201d said Kyle Bazylo, who runs the bidet sales site ', u'. But Mr. Bazylo is so confident that you\u2019ll change your mind after trying one that he recently introduced a money-back guarantee.', u'\u201cIf you send it back, I can\u2019t resell it. I\u2019ve got to throw it in the garbage,\u201d he said. \u201cBut when people try it, they\u2019ll fall in love with it.\u201d']), ([u'Video Feature: Astronomy Apps for Getting to Know the Starry Night Skies'], [u'FOR stargazers who want to peer deep into the universe, there\u2019s good news: Nowadays you don\u2019t need a telescope to do some amateur astronomy. With the right apps, your phone can be a powerful educational window into the night sky.', u'SkyView, for one, is a simple yet impressive stargazing app. You hold your phone up to the sky and the app\u2019s augmented reality display shows what stars, planets and constellations you\u2019re looking at.', u'SkyView makes use of the phone\u2019s camera and sensors and calculates where you are and which way your phone is pointing, then displays detailed maps and information like the names of comets or satellites on the screen, superimposed over the view of the actual sky. When you see something interesting, like a planet or a particular constellation, you tap the display for more information. Instead of cluelessly peering at the stars, you can know that the orangeish dot you see is called Betelgeuse, is part of the constellation of Orion and is the sky\u2019s ninth brightest star.', u'The app also lets you search for things you want to see. You might be interested to know the location of the ', u', for example. SkyView will show an arrow on the screen directing you where to point your phone in the sky.', u'SkyView is intuitive and suited to amateur astronomers and youngsters. It\u2019s free on ', u' and ', u' (though on Android, different phones\u2019 sensors mean it may not be 100 percent reliable). The free version contains basic star information, but the $2 edition offers a more detailed star and satellite catalog. Most interestingly, the $2 SkyView on', u' now has an Apple Watch app that can alert you to coming events like meteor showers.', u'Several other apps have similar features to SkyView. My personal favorite is Star Walk. While SkyView emphasizes simplicity of use, Star Walk has a slightly more serious feel.', u'Star Walk also works by displaying a dynamic map of the sky when you hold up your phone or tablet. It has an augmented-reality setting, so you can see what stars your phone is looking at through its camera. But by default this mode is switched off, and instead the app shows a detailed map of stars, galaxies and planets on the screen along with information about what you\u2019re seeing.', u'Star Walk\u2019s extras include beautiful animated graphics for the constellations (which you can turn off if they\u2019re too fussy) and 3-D animated graphics of objects like planets. You can also quickly dial time around to see what the sky will look like on a particular date, which may help you plan your future stargazing. Like SkyView, Star Walk also has a companion Apple Watch app to keep you alerted to phases of the moon, opportunities to spot the space station and so on.', u'Star Walk\u2019s sophistication does mean it takes a while to learn all its menus and controls. It costs $3 for ', u' and ', u', and is $2.50 on ', u'.', u'The Night Sky Lite is another similar app, available as a free download on ', u' and ', u'. I like this app\u2019s extras, like the \u201ctraveler mode\u201d that shows what the sky looks like from different cities. But its menus are sometimes tricky to navigate, and the free edition frequently nags users to upgrade to the $1 paid version that has more features.', u'Solar Walk, meanwhile, acts as a detailed guide to the wonders of our solar system, jam-packed with detailed graphics, interesting text and eye-pleasing animations. If you\u2019re new to things astrophysical, this app can teach you all about Saturn\u2019s rings and a huge variety of moons, comets like the Hale-Bopp and even some space missions. The app is fabulous for explaining space matters to children. It\u2019s a $3', u' and ', u' app, and there\u2019s a limited-feature free version.', u'Wonders of the Universe, which costs $6, has detailed 2-D and 3-D graphics, animations and movies about subjects as diverse as the workings of a red dwarf star, the history of our moon and black holes. It\u2019s designed to be easy to understand, even if you have a limited science background. It\u2019s made in collaboration with the BBC, so it has high production values. While I wish this app came installed by default in new phones, it\u2019s for ', u'devices only.', u'Sometimes our phone screens drag our attention away from the real world too much, so these apps may remind you to look up and be amazed by the night sky\u2019s beauty.', u'Tumblr remains a hugely popular way to publish your own blog on traditional computers. Now the iOS Tumblr app has undergone an upgrade that includes the ability to start new blogs from your phone as well as other improvements. It\u2019s free on ', u'.']), ([u'With Patent Litigation Surging, Creators Turn to Washington for Help'], [u'Patent law \u2014 famously arcane and technical \u2014 is becoming a mainstream, even bipartisan issue in Congress.', u'The push for patent overhaul is spurred by the surge of patent litigation in recent years, mainly by companies whose principal business is generating lawsuits rather than producing products. And a Senate bill introduced on Wednesday is aimed at slowing these so-called patent trolls, by making it more difficult and more costly to bring many patent suits.', u'The proposed Senate legislation fine-tunes an anti-troll bill in the House, patent experts say, to be less objectionable to groups, like pharmaceutical companies and universities, that traditionally resist any moves to weaken the rights of patent holders.', u'\u201cIt looks pretty good, and in this environment it should have a good shot at becoming law,\u201d said Arti K. Rai, a professor at the Duke University School of Law and former senior official in the ', u'.', u'The environment for patent overhaul has been shaped by changes in politics and public attitudes, as well as the rising number of patent suits. In December 2013, the House overwhelmingly passed legislation aimed at curbing patent litigation. A key provision in the bill, written by Bob Goodlatte, a Virginia Republican and chairman of the House Judiciary Committee, was to make the losing party pay legal fees. The provision was an attempt to increase the cost and risk for plaintiffs, deterring trolls from bringing many suits in what amounts to legal prospecting for a big payday.', u'In the Senate last year, Harry Reid, the Nevada Democrat who was then majority leader, said he would not bring patent legislation to a vote. Trial lawyers, who as a group are large campaign contributors to the Democratic Party, strenuously objected to the fee-shifting provision in the proposals. Mr. Reid\u2019s decision was widely interpreted as a nod to the trial lawyers\u2019 lobby.', u'After last year\u2019s election, the Republicans are the majority in the Senate as well as the House, adjusting political calculations somewhat.', u'Still, the Obama administration and many Democrats are now champions of patent overhaul to curb the flood of patent suits. The Senate bill, written mainly by Charles E. Schumer, a New York Democrat, and John Cornyn, a Texas Republican, would place restraints on demand letters, essentially threats to settle or be sued; require information on who actually owns a patent, making it more difficult to hide behind \u201cshell\u201d companies; and require losing parties to pay legal fees if the court decides the suit was not \u201cobjectively reasonable,\u201d a deterrent to frivolous suits.', u'The fee-shifting provision in the Senate bill, for example, is a case of modifying the House proposal. The House bill would require the loser to pay unless the court made an exception. Under the Senate bill, fee-shifting is not the \u201cpresumptive\u201d starting point, its sponsors say, but will only be done if the court determines the suit to be unreasonable.', u'The political climate has shifted fairly significantly since 2011, when the America Invents Act was passed, as the most sweeping change in American patent law in several decades. That law did a number of things, including making it more difficult to obtain certain kinds of patents.', u'The 2011 law prohibited patent holders from filing dozens of suits at once. But otherwise, it did not do much about trolls. The major Silicon Valley companies, who are major targets of patent trolls, were dissatisfied.', u'Since then, patent suits have risen sharply. And there were new tactics by some of the most aggressive firms. They began filing demand letters with nontech companies, including retailers, hotels and restaurants. The allegations included the claim that some feature on their websites, usually involving software they bought from a technology supplier, violated some patent.', u'\u201cThose stories resonated,\u201d said Aaron Cooper, a lawyer at Covington & Burling and a former chief counsel for intellectual property in the Senate Judiciary Committee. \u201cNow, it wasn\u2019t just companies in Silicon Valley. It was companies in every state.\u201d', u'James Bessen, a patent expert at Boston University Law School, said, \u201cThe litigation problem got worse, and it spread into mainstream America. That\u2019s why we\u2019re seeing this now, only four years after we had major patent reform legislation.\u201d', u'There may be bipartisan support in Congress, but some conservative academics oppose the legislation. They refer to trolls as \u201cpatent monetization entities\u201d who are engaged in price negotiations for intellectual property owners whom they represent. Legislation, they say, is mainly an effort to change the game to favor politically influential technology companies, increasing their profits further.', u'The bill, Mr. Schumer said, is a measured step to change the game. But the goal, he said, is to weed out litigation mischief and to \u201cshift the legal burden back onto those who would abuse the patent system in order to make a quick buck at the expense of businesses that are playing by the rules.\u201d']), ([u'Instacart\u2019s Bet on Online Grocery Shopping'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 Let\u2019s take a trip to crazy town, shall we, and pretend for a moment that we are in a precarious tech industry bubble. Imagine, for the sake of argument and not because this could possibly be true, that the rising valuations of the largest start-ups are unsustainable. O.K., now consider the following: If we are in a bubble, which of today\u2019s start-ups is the modern-day ', u' or Pets.com? A decade from now, which company will we look back on and wonder, what on earth were we thinking?', u'One top candidate might be Instacart, a company that uses smartphones to deploy a battalion of personal shoppers to buy and deliver groceries to people\u2019s homes. Instacart shows great promise \u2014 its founders and investors believe it could provide employment to tens of thousands of workers, improve the reach and financial prospects of small and large physical grocery stores, and eliminate what many people consider the drudgery of grocery shopping.', u'Yet its success may rest on some unproven assumptions about the market: that delivering groceries can be done efficiently enough to sustain its low prices; that it can be done in sprawling suburbs as well as dense cities; and that, if it takes off, it will add to, rather than siphon off, business from large grocery chains.', u'I first wrote about ', u' to change the grocery business a year ago, and have been checking in with Apoorva Mehta, Instacart\u2019s founder and chief executive, occasionally since. Last week, I stopped by the company\u2019s headquarters in San Francisco to discuss Instacart\u2019s growth and sustainability as well as how operations have changed during a high-flying year.', u'Mr. Mehta was willing to answer some, but not all, of my inquiries. I also spoke to several of Instacart\u2019s grocery partners, many of which pay the start-up a cut of each order. Some divulged details about their sales through Instacart, and the information suggested the start-up was doing well. Growth, from what I could gather, may be in the double digits.', u'But deep questions remain, particularly whether Instacart can make enough money from each order to justify its valuation, and whether the sales gains that retailers say they\u2019re experiencing through the service can be sustained. Instacart looks like a great idea \u2014 and, still, a very big bet.', u'Instacart certainly smacks of the bubble: In two large funding rounds over the last year, its valuation has risen more than tenfold. In January, some of Silicon Valley\u2019s best-known venture capitalists invested $220 million, collectively appraising Instacart at ', u'.', u'The company has used its new money to fund expansion. Last year, it grew from serving just a few markets to 15 cities, and this year, it plans to expand to even more. A year ago, the company had about 50 full-time employees. Today, it employs around 200, and by the end of the year, it will have around 500, Mr. Mehta said. That does not include thousands of contractors who pick and deliver groceries.', u'\u201cI come in to work now and there are all these people and I don\u2019t know their names,\u201d Mr. Mehta said. \u201cIt\u2019s a weird feeling.\u201d', u'\u2019s rising valuation is based partly on ballooning sales. In December, Mr. Mehta ', u' the company\u2019s gross revenue grew by more than 10 times in 2014, to more than $100 million for the year. Last week, he declined to divulge more current information about growth, including whether it had picked up or slowed down since we\u2019d last spoken. He also declined to discuss whether the company was profitable, and its current costs.', u'In theory, Instacart\u2019s costs should be relatively low. Rather than invest vast sums into warehouses and refrigerated trucks \u2014 like many older, unsuccessful grocery delivery companies, notably Webvan \u2014 Instacart uses resources that are already built up. Like Uber, it contracts with workers who use their own cars to deliver groceries to customers, and its products are bought from stores in your own neighborhood.', u'Instacart\u2019s potential to improve grocery sales has led to a new relationship with some of the country\u2019s largest supermarket chains. In its earliest days, Instacart had few formal ties with supermarkets; its shoppers would just go to stores and buy stuff, and stores either didn\u2019t know or didn\u2019t care. The company made all of its money from consumers through a delivery fee of around $3.99 an order, in addition to a markup of around 10 to 20 percent on most items in the store.', u'Last summer, Mr. Mehta realized that the model was limiting. Customers didn\u2019t like the marked-up prices, and stores didn\u2019t like that they had little say in Instacart\u2019s operations, including its prices.', u'So Instacart began restructuring. In deals with more than a dozen supermarket chains, the company formalized a new pricing relationship in which stores would pay Instacart a cut of each order. With Instacart now receiving money from retailers, it could eliminate markups for customers in many stores. Last week, the company announced a new \u201c', u'\u201d feature on its site that shows which locations have higher prices than you\u2019ll find on a store shelf, and which ones have the same prices. Most items on Instacart, the company says, are now selling for the same prices as in stores.', u'Retailers were willing to pay Instacart on the theory that they\u2019d gain more business, because Instacart would let a single store serve people across a wider geography. \u201cInstacart was adding so much more volume and new dollars to the store that it made sense for them to partner with us,\u201d Mr. Mehta said.', u'He cited data: Instacart has determined that 52 to 78 percent of its orders to a grocery store are \u201cincremental\u201d \u2014 meaning they are orders that the store wouldn\u2019t have had without Instacart. What\u2019s more, orders through the service are two and a half to four times as large as orders made inside physical stores, Mr. Mehta said.', u'Signing deals with stores also let Instacart improve efficiency. In its most popular stores, it now has dedicated pickers who only shop, then store the groceries in Instacart shelves and refrigerators for delivery workers to pick up. Stores also set aside a cash register for Instacart\u2019s use, allowing its shoppers to avoid lines. Instacart has also built software for retailers to integrate with its online system, and it is working on what Mr. Mehta called machine-learning tools to predict inventory shortfalls and the number of staff members it will need in each store throughout the day.', u'Retailers told me they\u2019ve noticed gains, though the numbers are small. Yvonne Manganaro, senior director of marketing at Gelson\u2019s Markets, which operates 18 high-end grocery stores in Southern California, said that since signing up with Instacart in the summer, the company has had a small but noticeable uptick in orders in at least one of its stores. Also, since Thanksgiving, the number of Instacart orders at Gelson\u2019s has grown by 50 percent.', u'\u201cWe feel like we are making up at least some of the money we are paying out,\u201d Ms. Manganaro said. But \u201cit\u2019s still a very, very small percentage of our overall sales.\u201d', u'Trey Hall, chief marketing officer of Natural Grocers, a chain of 95 stores across the western United States, echoed those thoughts. Instacart is available in three of the company\u2019s stores, and in those locations, there has been \u201ca nice bump\u201d in the number and size of orders. Natural Grocers is monitoring performance to determine how quickly to introduce Instacart in more locations.', u'Instacart\u2019s largest retail partner is Whole Foods Market, which reported in a February earnings call that, on average, it was selling more than $1 million a week online. But Whole Foods\u2019 total annual sales top $14 billion, making online sales less than half of 1 percent of its revenue.', u'Sure, those numbers are likely to grow. But the long-term danger for Instacart may be that as it grows, a declining number of sales will be incremental to physical stores \u2014 and, instead, will come at the expense of people going to the store, a situation that may put off retailers from working with the company.', u'\u201cYou can only eat so much,\u201d said Darren Seifer, who analyzes the food and beverage market for NPD Group, a market research firm. \u201cAs they permeate throughout a market, the market will saturate, and it would seem to become more cannibalistic.\u201d', u'Instacart\u2019s future may depend on figuring out how to prevent that from happening.']), ([u'Repurposing an Old iPhone'], [u' ', u'\u2019s cloud storage service allows you to store and stream videos in ', u' to your browser or in ', u'. Files in the .mov, .m4v and .mp4 formats should work, but those in incompatible formats can be downloaded first and then played.', u'You can upload files ', u' to OneDrive. Videos that have copyright restrictions built in will not play directly from OneDrive, and storing pirated videos on the site violates ', u'.', u' ', u' The Wi-Fi should work fine. Once you have transferred your information from the iPhone 4S to the iPhone 6, you ', u' the older device before passing it on to someone else so that your personal data remains secure. You can wipe the phone\u2019s memory by opening the Settings icon, going to General, setting Reset and then Erase All Content and Settings; you can also ', u' by connecting it to the computer with its USB cable, opening iTunes, clicking the Summary tab and choosing Restore iPhone.', u'Once you completely erase the iPhone 4S, you will need to ', u' again to verify it with Apple. You can activate it over a Wi-Fi network or by connecting the iPhone to iTunes on the computer.', u'To activate, the phone needs to have a ', u' (subscriber identity module) installed. If you did not remove the card when you got the new iPhone, you should not have a problem. If the iPhone 4S no longer has a SIM card, though, you can put in a SIM card from another phone just long enough to activate the iPhone 4S. (You will need a SIM card again to activate the device if you ever erase it.)', u'Once the iPhone 4S is activated, you should be able to connect it to a Wi-Fi network for browsing and apps. You can also ', u' in the settings.', u' Emoji, which ', u', have been used for years to visually accent text messages with tiny graphics. Most major smartphone platforms, including ', u', ', u' and ', u', support the playful pictographs, which can be turned on in the phone\u2019s keyboard settings or summoned by pressing a special emoticon key. Third-party emoji apps and keyboards are also available.', u' also supports standard emoji in mobile- and ', u'. Browser extensions like ', u' for Mozilla Firefox or ', u' or ', u' for Chrome can supply the characters, as can sites like ', u', which lets you cut and paste the desired graphic into your posts. The touch-screen keyboard in Windows 8.1 has an ', u' that can be used to enter emoji into a tweet, and Mac users can press the Command key, Control key and space bar to open a window of emoji to choose.', u'Twitter recently added some new \u2014 yet familiar \u2014 characters to the mix, although they are not part of the standard emoji character set and mainly work only on the Twitter website. As part of the hoopla surrounding \u201cStar Wars: The Force Awakens,\u201d the company has ', u' and now converts the typed hashtags #C3PO, #Stormtrooper and #BB8 into tiny emojilike images that are embedded in the tweet. ']), ([u'China Search Giant Baidu Posts Slowest Revenue Growth Since 2008'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's dominant Internet search engine Baidu Inc on Thursday posted its slowest revenue growth rate in almost seven years in the first quarter of 2015, as customers spent less money on its core online marketing business.", u"The company's bid to create new avenues of income from mobile in China, the world's biggest smartphone market, also took their toll. Baidu's profit margins sank to their lowest in a decade, or 19 percent, as promotional costs for new businesses and research and development expenses skyrocketed.", u'Baidu is still grappling with the effects of a shift from personal computers to mobile, where it made half of its revenues. However, customers pay less for advertising on smartphones compared with computers, an issue with which U.S. peer Google Inc is also struggling.', u"The number of Baidu's active online marketing customers remained relatively steady from the previous quarter at 524,000. Despite this, those clients spent on average 9.8 percent less.", u"Larger rivals like social networking and online entertainment company Tencent Holdings Ltd and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, which rules China's e-commerce industry, also pose fierce competition.", u"The search company's bid to promote new mobile-centric businesses like food delivery to compete with Tencent and Alibaba saw selling, general and administrative expenses rocket 47.2 percent to $477 million from a year ago.", u'Revenues of 12.73 billion yuan ($2.05 billion) came in below forecasts of 12.9 billion yuan, according to a Thomson Reuters SmartEstimate poll of 16 analysts.', u'Coupled with a 3.4 percent decline in net profit from the previous year, this prompted shares to slide 2.6 percent in trading after market close in New York.', u'Baidu said it expected second-quarter revenue to be between 16.37 billion yuan and 16.75 billion yuan.', u"A hiring spree for research and development also pushed the department's expenses up 79.1 percent to $368.8 million.", u"Baidu's net income, its lowest in two years, was 2.4 billion yuan for the first three months of 2015. Profit margins of 19 percent were the lowest in almost a decade.", u'(This story corrects third paragraph to say customers spend less on mobile advertising)', u'(Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Eyeing Exports, China Steps Up Research Into Military Drones'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  China is stepping up research into military ', u' as its arms industry looks to increase export volumes, hoping to gain traction with cheaper technology and a willingness to sell to countries Western states are reluctant to.', u'While its technology lags the United States and Israel, the biggest vendors of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV), China is attracting a growing list of foreign buyers including Nigeria, Pakistan and Egypt.', u'China has previously had limited success exporting manned military aircraft but is hoping to do better with UAVs given they are cheaper and easier to manufacture.', u'"Research and development on drones in our country has now entered a phase of high-speed progress," said Xu Guangyu, a retired major general in the People\'s Liberation Army.', u'"We have some distance to catch up with developed countries \u2014 that\'s certain \u2014 but the export market is growing."', u'Market researcher Forecast International pegged the value of production for military drones worldwide at $942 million last year. It will grow to $2.3 billion by 2023, the firm said.', u"China's biggest drone maker, Aviation Industry Corp of China (Avic), is predicted by Forecast to become the world's largest maker of military drones by 2023.", u'Its Wing Loong drone sells for just $1 million according to Chinese media reports. The U.S.-made MQ-9 Reaper, to which it has sometimes been compared, is priced at around $30 million.', u'The Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI)estimates China became the second country in the world to openly export armed drones when it delivered five of them to Nigeria in 2014. Nigeria, which had vainly sought UAV from the U.S., has used them against the militant group Boko Haram.', u'The U.S. has only exported armed drones to Britain and says it considers a series of factors when agreeing to foreign sales including human rights and the regional power balance.', u'Though China is discreet about its weapons exports, it has sold various types of military drones to at least nine countries, according to state media reports, including Pakistan, Egypt and Nigeria.', u'SOUGHT AFTER TECHNOLOGY', u"China's weapons exports jumped 143 percent in the five years to 2014 compared to the previous five, though it still only accounts for around 5 percent of the global arms market according to SIPRI.", u'Military drones provide an opportunity for the country to gain more market share given dozens of governments are trying to gain access to the technology while the U.S. has strict export curbs on them.', u'The U.S. State Department said in February it would allow exports of armed U.S. military drones under strict conditions, including that sales must be made through government programs, and that recipient nations must agree to certain "end-use assurances".', u"China's Foreign Ministry declined to comment on the country's policy on drone exports.", u'Last month the ministry said China was "extremely cautious and responsible" with its weapons exports, and followed the principle of aiding countries that bought their weapons in building reasonable self-defence capabilities.', u'The growth of the market is proving a boon for Chinese arms makers.', u'Yun Jianfei, the Beijing-based chief of Beijing Heweiyongtai Science and Technology Co. Ltd., a private firm that sells police equipment, including drones, to domestic and foreign customers, said he had already sold surveillance UAVs to countries in the Middle East and Africa, without specifying which ones.', u'"We\'re placing high importance on them," said Yun.', u'"Demand for all of our products has shot up -- it\'s simply because the world has become more chaotic," he said.', u'Ma Hangzhong, director of China Aerospace Science and Industry Corp.\'s Unmanned Aircraft Research Institute, told the official China Daily this month that many of China\'s defense giants, including his own, are allocating "significant resources" to drone development.', u'"The industry has a very low entry threshold," he said, adding his company is focusing on military drones that can play a role in counter-terrorism and riot control operations.', u'Many defense firms also make and sell missiles and rockets to arm drones, heightening the appeal for international buyers, analysts said.', u'"Admittedly our technology is not first-rate compared with developed countries, but we don\'t want to be left behind," said Ni Lexiong, a naval expert at the Shanghai University of Political Science and Law.', u'(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard, Siva Govindasamy in SINGAPORE and Katharine Houreld in ISLAMABAD; Editing by Rachel Armstrong)']), ([u'Gemalto Reports 19 Percent Rise in Q1 Revenue'], [u'(Reuters) - Mobile chip and smart card maker Gemalto reported a 19 percent rise in first-quarter sales on constant exchange rates, its first release of results since finalizing the acquisition of U.S. data security company SafeNet in January.', u'First quarter revenue rose to 686 million euros ($762.49 million) compared to 532 million euros in the previous year.', u"The company beat analysts' expectations of 675 million euros in quarterly revenue.", u"Gemalto, which makes smart chips for mobile phones, bank cards and biometric passports, said Payment & Identity segment's revenue was 369 million euros for the first quarter, an increase of 35 percent compared to the previous year, helped by the SafeNet acquisition.", u'The mobile segment posted revenue of 316 mln euros, up 7 percent at constant exchange rates compared to the previous year.', u'The Franco-Dutch company did not give annual profit from operations guidance for 2015 but said it anticipates steady expansion in the year, on course towards its upgraded target of more than 660 million euros for 2017.', u'The company acknowledged in January that U.S. and British spies were likely to have hacked its technology in an attempt to steal codes that protect the privacy of mobile phone users.\xa0', u'Shares of Gemalto are up 22.6 percent this year. They closed at 81.20 euros on Wednesday, outperforming a 14.4 percent rise in the European technology index. The group has a market value of 7.35 billion euros, and shares are approaching a 2014 high of about 87 euros.', u'(Reporting by Shivam Srivastava in Bengaluru and Leila Abboud in Paris; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Glu Mobile Adds Britney Spears to Celebrity Game Roster'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Britney Spears is joining Kim Kardashian and Katy Perry on Glu Mobile's roster of celebrity mobile games, the company said on Wednesday.", u'Glu says it signed a 5-year deal with Spears with the possibility of a 3-year extension. The game will feature Spears\'s likeness, voice and "creative influence" and will be launched in the first half of 2016.', u"Separately, Glu says online game and social media operator Tencent Holdings of China will buy 21 million of its shares for $6 each, or $126 million. This will give Tencent ownership of 14.6 percent of Glu's shares, making it its largest shareholder.", u'Kardashian\'s game, "Kim Kardashian: Hollywood!" proved very successful, helped by the popularity of the reality-TV star.', u'Glu Mobile shares surged 24 percent in extended trading to $6.69.']), ([u'Defective Component Slowed Apple Watch Rollout: WSJ'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter.', u'The component, called the taptic engine, produces the sensation of being tapped on the wrist, the newspaper reported.', u'Apple declined to comment on the story.', u'Apple has not given any sales figures for its hotly anticipated Apple Watch since it began taking orders this month. Chief Executive Tim Cook said on Monday that demand continued to outstrip supply.', u'Some taptic engines supplied by Shenzhen, China-based AAC Technologies Holdings Inc started to break down over time, the Journal said, citing the people. The company is one of two suppliers of these components to Apple, it said.', u"As a result, Apple is now sourcing nearly all of its components from the other supplier, Japan's Nidec Corp. It may take time for the company to increase production, the people told the Journal.", u"The Journal said an AAC spokeswoman declined to comment about the company's customers. Reuters was unable to reach the company for comment outside of regular business hours in China.", u'Nidec was not immediately available for comment.', u'(Reporting By Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Robin Paxton)']), ([u'Hands Free Talk With Global Reach and Style'], [u'By Ben Gruber', u"San Francisco - Anytime, day or night, no matter which way you look, it seems you'll see someone with a smartphone in their hand.", u'Jesse Robbins and Greg Albrecht of San Francisco based company Orion wanted to find a way to give people their hands back.\xa0', u'"What can I do to make real time communication something that everyone in the world can have in a way that doesn\'t have them looking down at their smartphone," said Robbins, who learned the importance of hands-free communication during his days as a volunteer firefighter. \xa0', u'Robbins began sharing his ideas with fellow firefighter Greg Albrecht, a communications and IP specialist.\xa0', u'"We wanted something you could wear that would keep you in the moment and keep you in what you were doing," added Albrecht. \xa0', u'The answer to their search came in the form of a wearable device called Onyx that allows you to communicate with people anywhere in the world while keeping your phone in your pocket.\xa0', u"The device is the main mode of communication at the company's large office space in the Mission District of San Francisco. \xa0 \xa0", u'There are plenty of hands free options in the market, but armed with a team of coders and developers, Orion took their concept a step further.\xa0', u'"It is essentially a bluetooth communications device so it is not much different than any other bluetooth device you might connect to your phone with the exception that the Onyx and other devices on the Orion network connect you to the Orion network," said Albrecht.\xa0', u'The Orion network, accessed via an app on your phone, is what sets the company apart. It allows any member, no matter their location or cellular provider to speak with another member or group of members with a simple push of a button. \xa0\xa0', u'"The range is the Internet. It has even been used on a moving boat in Palao to talk to a team back in the United States," said Robbins.\xa0', u'The network also provides users with other useful information about their contacts location and their online status.\xa0', u'Robbins envisions a day when the devices get smaller and the capabilities of the network expand, giving users the ability to control everything from their TV to their appliances with voice commands.\xa0', u'The company is growing and will offer a new device called Ruby marketed towards the fashion conscious later this year.']), ([u'Hacker Claims to Crack Master Lock Combos Under Two Minutes'], [u'(Reuters) - A hacker, known for unleashing a worm on the once-popular MySpace social network, said he has devised a technique to crack under two minutes any combination by Master Lock, a padlock company owned by Fortune Brands Home & Security Inc.', u'Samy Kamkar, best known for the 2005 "Samy" worm, posted a video on his Twitter page explaining the technique, which involves lifting up the locked shackle of a lock, and making multiple turns of it.', u'The resultant readings are then entered on to a website set up by Kamkar. The algorithm in the site gives a number of possible combinations that can help unlock the lock.', u'Kamkar told technology site Ars Technica, which first reported the news, that his Master Lock exploit started with a well-known vulnerability that allows combinations to be cracked in 100 or fewer tries.', u'(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u"Twitter's Growth Seen Hinging on Luring Advertisers"], [u"(Reuters) - Twitter Inc's slowing revenue and user growth has raised further doubts about its ability to entice advertisers to spend more on its platform - at least in the near term.", u'Shares of the micro-blogging website operator, which warned on Tuesday that user growth was off to a slow start in April, fell 5.2 percent to $40.07 in early trading on Wednesday.', u"Twitter's market value fell by a fifth, or about $5 billion, on Tuesday after its disappointing first-quarter results were released in error an hour ahead of schedule.", u'At least 15 brokerages cut their price targets on the stock.', u'"...Simply put, advertisers aren\'t willing to bid up or spend as much with TWTR as expected," RBC analysts said in a research note, cutting their price target to $$47 from $54.', u'Advertising has been seen as a growth driver for Twitter, but the RBC analysts said the company appears to have "hit an ROI (return on investment) wall with its advertisers."', u"Twitter's ad revenue per monthly average user has now decelerated for three consecutive quarters, and its outlook implied a further slowdown in the second quarter.", u"Analysts had expected the company's new advertising products, particularly its app install ads, to start driving growth in the latest quarter.", u"That didn't happen as much as expected.", u'Barclays Capital downgraded the stock to "equal weight" from "overweight" and Janney Capital to "neutral" from "buy."', u'Barclays cuts its price target to $44 from $60, while Janney cut to $44 from $53. Stifel cut its price target from $38 to $36, the lowest among brokerages that cut their price targets.', u'Twitter has been making big product changes to boost user growth, but user numbers grew by just 18 percent from a year earlier in the quarter - the slowest growth in five quarters.', u'"We have been optimistic, longer-term, on Twitter\u2019s ability to monetize their logged-out user base and we continue to see that as an opportunity," Barclays analyst Paul Vogel wrote.', u'"All of these things, unfortunately, look like they may take some time."', u"So far, Twitter's efforts to capture more revenue per user pale when compared with social media rival Facebook Inc.", u"Facebook reported last week that it had 1.44 billion monthly active users, generating revenue of $3.54 billion - about $2.46 per user. Twitter's 302 million users generated $436 million in revenue - or about $1.44 each.", u'"TWTR is several years behind FB in its monetization story ..."  MKM Partners analyst Rob Sanderson wrote in a note.', u'(This story corrects share movement and price in paragraph 2)', u'(Reporting by Tenzin Pema and Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr)']), ([u'Google Launches Security Feature for Chrome Web Browser'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Google Inc on Wednesday announced a free extension for its Chrome web browser that better protects Google accounts, including email, against online attackers trying to steal passwords and other personal information.', u'The extension, called Password Alert, can be downloaded on Google Chrome and warns users before they enter account information on "phishing" pages, or imitation sites designed to steal passwords and access personal information, such as emails or online bank accounts.', u"Millions of phishing emails and websites are sent every day, Google said. Nearly 2 percent of messages sent through Gmail, Google's email service, are designed to steal passwords.", u'"Right now, it\'s left up to the user to decide whether or not to enter their password," said Drew Hintz, the lead engineer for Password Alert. "We expect users to know the difference between these sites, and that\'s an unreasonable request to make of users."', u"The new extension, which took about three years to create, is an addition to Google's other security measures, including safe browsing technology that warns users against potentially malicious sites and verification tools that help protect private accounts.", u'(Reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb; Editing by Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'Sharp Intends to Lower Capital to 500 Million Yen: Source'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp intends to reduce its capital to 500 million yen ($4.2 million) from more than 120 billion yen, compared with a previously planned target of 100 million yen, a source with knowledge of the move said.', u'The capital reduction is part of a restructuring package it is negotiating with its lenders. Details of the rescue plan, along with restructuring measures including job cuts, are expected to be announced on Thursday.', u'The Nikkei business daily reported earlier that Sharp intended to scale down its capital reduction plan.', u'(Reporting by Reiji Murai)']), ([u"U.S. Senator Rand Paul Moves to Block New 'Net Neutrality' Rules"], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. Senator Rand Paul, a Republican presidential hopeful, on Wednesday introduced a resolution to block new regulations on Internet service providers, saying they would "wrap the Internet in red tape."', u'The "', u'" rules, which are slated to take effect in June, are backed by the Obama administration and were passed by the Democratic majority of the Federal Communications Commission in February. AT&T Inc and wireless and cable trade associations are challenging them in court.', u"Paul's resolution, if adopted, would allow the Senate to fast-track a vote to establish that Congress disapproves of the FCC's new rules and moves to nullify them.", u'The move marks the most proactive position yet by Paul, a libertarian from Kentucky, on net neutrality, the principle that Internet providers should treat all Web traffic equally. The issue has grabbed national attention and prompted a record 4 million comments to the FCC, many of them from regular Americans calling to restrict Internet providers.', u"Paul's position, shared by anti-regulation conservatives,  pits him against net neutrality advocates in the technology and startup communities.", u'"The Internet has successfully flourished without the heavy hand of government interference," Paul said in a statement. "Stated simply, I do not want to see the government regulating the Internet."', u"The rules ban Internet providers from blocking or slowing down any websites and from striking deals with content companies for smoother downloads. Internet providers say they oppose not those principles themselves but the FCC's decision to set those rules by dramatically changing the regulatory regime, which gives the agency much wider authority over the Internet.", u'The rules have also faced opposition from Paul\'s rival Republican presidential candidates, including Texas Senator Ted Cruz, who has called them "Obamacare for the Internet," and Florida Senator Marco Rubio.', u"Paul's resolution is almost certain to face a veto from President Barack Obama. Republican leaders of key technology committees have been trying to negotiate with Democrats to write a new law to counter the FCC's rules.", u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)']), ([u'France Lifts Defence Budget to Tackle Multiple Threats'], [u'PARIS \u2014  France will increase its defence budget by 3.8 billion euros (3 billion pounds) over four years from 2016 to ensure the army can tackle problems at home and maintain missions abroad, notably in Africa and the Middle East, President Francois Hollande said.', u'"France is facing big threats internally and externally," Hollande told reporters on Wednesday after a defence cabinet meeting. "Security, protection and independence are principles that are not negotiable."', u'Paris had previously said it would keep its annual defence budget at the same level -- 31.4 billion euros -- in its strategic review running from 2014 to 2019.', u"This spending freeze meant the projected loss of 34,000 jobs in the armed forces, but Wednesday's decision will allow some of those positions to be saved.", u'"The military budget forecast 34,000 job cuts, (but) 18,500 will now be preserved," a source at the president\'s office said.', u'The French military is increasingly stretched with almost 10,000 troops stationed in Africa, about 1,500 in operations in the Middle East and now a permanent 10,000-troop presence on homesoil since Islamist attacks killed 17 people in January.', u"Military officials had warned that the spending freeze and job losses would hamper France's ability to mount military operations such as its intervention in Mali in 2012.", u'Hollande said the defence budget in 2015 would remain at 31.4 billion euros without having to raise extra financing.', u"However, he said the government would need to raise an extra 3.8 billion euros to help finance the army's operations and purchase new equipment between 2016-2019.", u'He did not say how the extra costs would be financed, but said an updated budget outlining details would be presented to the cabinet on May 20.', u'The hunt for the extra funds comes at a time when the Socialist government is looking to reduce state spending and meet deficit targets.', u"The euro zone's second biggest economy has repeatedly missed deadlines and budget consolidation targets, but Paris has said its contribution to European security through multiple military commitments from West Africa to Central Africa and the Middle East should be taken into consideration.", u'The presidency source said 600 million euros would be needed in 2016, 700 million euros in 2017 and 1 billion euros in 2018 and 1.5 billion euros in 2019.', u'(Additional reporting by Marine Pennetier; editing by Mark John and Crispian Balmer)']), ([u"GoDaddy's Revenue Rises 17.5 Percent Due to Customer Additions"], [u'(Reuters) - Web-hosting company GoDaddy Inc posted a 17.5 percent rise in revenue in its first quarterly report as a public company, helped by customer additions and an increase in revenue per average user.', u'GoDaddy forecast revenue of between $390 million and $395 million for the second quarter and between $1.60 billion and $1.61 billion for the full year.', u"The company, which manages about 59 million Internet domains, nearly a fifth of the world's total, said it had 13.1 million customers at the end of the first quarter ended March 31, compared with 11.9 million a year earlier.", u'Average revenue per user rose to $115 from $105.', u'GoDaddy, known for its racy TV commercials, said bookings rose about 14 percent to $498.7 million in the first quarter.', u'The Internet domain registration company had filed to go public in 2006 but later withdrew, citing unfavorable market conditions, the same year Google Inc launched its free web-hosting service Google Page Creator.', u'GoDaddy competes with United Internet, Web.com and companies such as Amazon.com Inc, Endurance International Group Holdings Inc and Microsoft Corp, which have recently entered the domain name registration business.', u"The company's net loss narrowed to $43.4 million, or 34 cents per share, for the first quarter ended March 31, from $51.3 million, or 40 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Revenue rose to $376.3 million from $320.2 million.', u"The company's shares rose as much as 5.5 percent in after-market trading, before reversing course sharply to trade down as much as 3.7 percent. Up to Monday's close, the stock had risen more than 33 percent since GoDaddy went public on April 1.", u'(Reporting by Anya George Tharakan and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Simon Jennings)']), ([u"Google's Self-Driving Cars Involved in 11 Accidents, Director Says"], [u"(Reuters) - Internet search company Google Inc's self-driving cars have been involved in 11 accidents, but have not been the cause of any, over the last six years since the project began, the program's director said on Monday.", u'A team of drivers that is testing the fleet of more than 20 vehicles have driven 1.7 million miles so far.', u'"...Not once was the self-driving car the cause of the accident," Chris Urmson said in a post on technology news website Backchannel\'s blog Medium. (', u') No one was injured in the accidents, Urmson added.', u'"If you spend enough time on the road, accidents will happen whether you\'re in a car or a self-driving car."', u'The cars had been hit from behind seven times, mainly at traffic lights, with a majority of the accidents being on city streets rather than on freeways.', u'"We\'ll continue to drive thousands of miles so we can all better understand the all-too common incidents that cause many of us to dislike day-to-day driving\u200a - \u200aand we\'ll continue to work hard on developing a self-driving car that can shoulder this burden for us," Urmson said.', u'(Reporting by Kanika Sikka in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'GN Store Nord Earnings Below Forecast on Weak Headset Division'], [u'COPENHAGEN \u2014  GN Store Nord reported first-quarter core profit a touch below forecasts on Wednesday and its shares fell as its headset division disappointed despite a strong performance by the larger hearing aid segment.', u'The Danish company said earnings before interest, taxation and amortization rose to 291 million Danish crowns ($43 million)   from 253 million crowns a year earlier, below an average estimate of 303 million crowns in a Reuters poll.', u'The company, the third largest hearing aid maker in the world, still sees 2015 earnings before interest tax and amortization (EBITA) of more than 1.48 billion crowns and organic revenue growth of more than 8 pct.', u'Sydbank analyst Morten Imsgard described the two divisions as "night and day".', u'"The hearing aid division is performing really well, with new product launches helping from March and the lift in earnings. "But the headset division is struggling with weak markets, just as we saw with main competitor, Plantronics," he said.', u'Shares in the stock fell by as much as 2.7 percent in morning trade but had recovered to trade 1 percent lower at 144.60 Danish crowns each.', u'The Danish company wowed the market a year ago when it launched a hearing aid developed with Apple which connected directly to iPhones to stream voice and music from the devices.', u'On Wednesday, it said U.S. sales grew and it increased its market share. Its ties with Apple were strengthened when it developed a ReSound app for the Apple Watch, when the wearable device was launched by the U.S. tech giant.', u'But growth in the headset segment, where GN Store Nord produces the Jabra devices found in many offices and call centres around the world, were sluggish and results for the division were hurt by adverse foreign exchange movements.', u'"In general, the stronger dollar is positive for GN Store Nord and especially for ReSound. Looking into 2016, we expect a three-digit million contribution to the bottom line (in Danish crowns)," Chief Financial Officer Anders Boyer told Reuters.', u'"Netcom however, has more expenses in dollars than income, and therefore reacts negatively on the strengthened currency."', u'Boyer denied speculation that GN Store Nord was interested in buying the Danish luxury stereo and television set maker Bang & Olufsen but did say the company wanted to develop a third branch of its business.', u'(Reporting by Annabella Pultz Nielsen, writing by Sabina Zawadzki, editing by Louise Heavens)']), ([u'Verizon, Sprint to Pay $158 Million Over Unauthorized Phone Charges'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Verizon Communications Inc will pay $90 million and Sprint Corp will pay $68 million to settle U.S. government probes into unauthorized charges tacked onto their customers' phone bills, federal agencies said on Tuesday.", u"The settlements are the latest in the government's push against the practice known as cramming, in which mobile carriers bill customers for services they never requested such as daily horoscopes or trivia.", u'The Federal Communications Commission, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and attorneys general from across the country investigated the charges and negotiated settlements with Verizon and Sprint, the No. 1 and No. 3 wireless providers.', u'"Well before any government action, Verizon Wireless stopped allowing companies to place charges for premium text message services on customers\' bills," Verizon spokesman Ed McFadden said in a statement.', u"Sprint spokesman Jeff Silva said the company had already refunded customers tens of millions of dollars before the government's investigation.", u'The companies joined national carriers AT&T Inc and T-Mobile US in agreeing to pay fines and refund consumers for such practices.', u'Last year, AT&T paid $105 million and T-Mobile paid $90 million to settle a similar probe by the FCC, the Federal Trade Commission and state attorneys general.', u'The regulators said on Tuesday that the companies had charged consumers for subscriptions to third-party products such as daily humor or celebrity gossip services, typically charging consumers $9.99 a month and taking a cut of up to 40 percent.', u'Consumers who called to complain were often refused a refund, the FCC said, even though government investigators could not find proof the services had been requested.', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Susan Heavey and Emily Stephenson)']), ([u'Chinese Smartphone Makers Try to Make Inroads in India'], [u'HONG KONG \u2014 The most important market for Chinese smartphone makers may no longer be ', u'.', u'For years, hundreds of millions of Chinese have purchased new smartphones. In the process they lifted the fortunes of local handset makers, from the well known like Huawei and Lenovo to the obscure like Coolpad and Gionee.', u'But the era of fast growth is coming to an end in China, where the research group IDC said on Monday that phone sales fell 4 percent in the first quarter from a year earlier, the first contraction in six years. IDC expects no growth in China\u2019s smartphone market in 2015.', u'The saturated Chinese market \u2014 more than 800 million people there use smartphones, according to IDC \u2014 means fewer new buyers, and a slowing economy means less spending. So Chinese companies are turning to ', u', trying to catch a $14.5 billion market on the way up.', u'\u201cIt is India first for us,\u201d said Varun Sharma, Coolpad\u2019s chief executive of Indian operations. He said Coolpad, a Shenzhen-based company, planned to use its patents and manufacturing infrastructure to sell devices \u201cat $100 price points for the Indian market and not at $800 or $1,000 price points that global brands are doing.\u201d', u'India\u2019s smartphone sales are just a fraction of China\u2019s. But as one of the fastest-growing smartphone markets in the world, with hundreds of millions of potential new customers, India may indicate whether a new generation of Chinese hardware companies can grow beyond their country\u2019s borders.', u'It is intensely competitive, with more than 150 brands. Among the best-selling brands are several indigenous companies with an inside track on local phone habits. Another top seller is a multinational, Samsung, which has deep experience selling across different cultures.', u'Xiaomi, the most successful Chinese company in India, owned only 4 percent of the market in the fourth quarter.', u'But India is also the only place that has a scale like China\u2019s. Indians are expected to buy 111 million smartphones this year, and 149 million in 2016. And China\u2019s smartphone makers say Chinese and Indian customers have a lot in common: Both tend to obsess over arcane features and specs, and both are highly sensitive to cost.', u'At a bustling Sangeetha Mobiles shop in Bangalore\u2019s Koramangala neighborhood, the 20-year-old store attendant, Murthy Lakshmipathy, took careful aim at those expectations.', u'\u201cSee the display and the camera,\u201d he said to customers, holding up a new handset made by the Chinese vendor Oppo. \u201cAnd here, it\u2019s all unbreakable plastic and Gorilla Glass. You won\u2019t get any other stylish phone with these features at this price.\u201d', u'Many Chinese companies are trying to make their case directly to potential Indian buyers online. It is a technique pioneered by Xiaomi, which used e-commerce to overcome difficult-to-manage and expensive storefronts and distribution deals in China and now India.', u'So-called flash sales, which offer limited batches of phones to drive up demand and build brand cachet, have rattled the current top sellers in India, the local company Micromax and the South Korean giant Samsung, according to analysts.', u'The tactic is cheap and effective, said Mr. Sharma of Coolpad: \u201cWe don\u2019t need to spend tens of millions of dollars on marketing or building distribution networks.\u201d', u'Analysts said companies like his were arriving in their new market at the right time.', u'\u201cChinese manufacturers can find a lot of play in India, which is in the early phase of growth, and they can fight for meaningful revenues and profits,\u201d said Anshul Gupta, a research director at Gartner.', u'Even so, many Chinese companies have set ambitious targets for themselves. Coolpad, which will introduce its inexpensive Dazen phone online in coming weeks, said it aims to sell three million to four million smartphones in one year, and 15 million to 20 million in three years.', u'Xiaomi, now worth $45 billion, moved into the top five sellers in India in the fourth quarter of 2014. Underscoring the company\u2019s focus there, the international vice president and former Google executive Hugo Barra recently presided over an Apple-like blowout introductory event in New Delhi for its Mi 4i phone, designed specifically for India. The company says it aims to be the top handset brand in India by 2020.', u'The smaller Chinese start-up OnePlus, which puts equal emphasis on selling in China and abroad, began selling its flagship One phone in December, and has sold 200,000 phones already. It is shooting to sell a million devices by the end of this year.', u'In the path of those ambitions are a host of Indian rivals, each hoping to use local knowledge to repeat the success of Chinese phone makers in China. Micromax, which owns the second-largest share of the Indian market after Samsung, is already adapting to the Chinese invasion, holding online-only sales and making some phone models Internet exclusive.', u'\u201cWe have always been the first to identify the gaps in India and have worked toward addressing them,\u201d said Micromax\u2019s chief executive, Vineet Taneja.', u'Skirmishes have already erupted. Micromax briefly won a sales injunction against OnePlus over a contract with the company Cyanogen, the creator of a popular operating system for phones that run Android by Google. The case has since been withdrawn. In December, Xiaomi was temporarily blocked from India because of a patent complaint by the Swedish telecommunications manufacturer Ericsson. And the Indian government\u2019s \u201cMake in India\u201d policy began levying hefty duties on imports in April.', u'No strangers to intrusive government industrial policies, Chinese companies are already expanding operations within India. Xiaomi, OnePlus and the early market entrant Gionee all plan to set up research and development centers there. OnePlus, Xiaomi and Coolpad also want to produce phones in Indian factories.', u'One of the most successful Chinese brands in India so far, Xiaomi has gone to great lengths to create products catering to customers there. Its new Mi 4i phone costs more than many rivals at about $200, but supports six Indian languages, with local engineers working to increase that number.', u'The company has also built an online store that focuses on India\u2019s passions of cricket and Bollywood, and has plans to open 100 stores around the country before the end of the year.', u'\u201cWe want to become an Indian company,\u201d Xiaomi\u2019s chief executive, Lei Jun, told a local newspaper after the introduction of the Mi 4i.', u'One recent convert to a Chinese brand is Anusheel Nahar, a longtime BlackBerry user, who bought a Lenovo smartphone for 8,500 rupees, or about $140. Mr. Nahar had never owned a touch-screen phone before, but said the Lenovo device\u2019s specs and cost stood out.', u'\u201cIt was priced right and seemed hardy enough to carry around in my back pocket,\u201d he said.']), ([u"Spain's Telefonica Bets on Price Hikes to End Six-Year Slump"], [u"MADRID \u2014  Telefonica's move to hike prices in Spain is a bold bet that could finally draw a line under a six-year slump, cut the firm's reliance on Latin America and give it a leg up over rivals on the lucrative premium telecoms market, sources and analysts say.", u'The telecoms giant, whose revenues have dropped 13 percent worldwide and 42 percent in Spain since 2008, has focused on fewer markets, cut debt and invested in new high-speed networks and exclusive television contents to try and regain its mojo.', u'The plan worked everywhere but at home, however, forcing Telefonica to raise tariffs before stiffer competition and new laws increase the risk of a backlash from consumers who have just started spending after years of hardship.', u"The price increases, which range between 5 percent and 15 percent and will take effect on May 5, should add up to 300 million euros ($326 million) to core profits, enough to meet the management's pledge to grow operating income in Spain in 2015.", u'But the move could also prove just as strategic for the former monopoly as the launch in 2012 of all-included bundles of fixed and mobile services, which helped stabilize its client base and set the stage for consolidation in Spanish telecoms.', u'Sector sources say that by attaching higher-speed internet services to the hikes, Telefonica is sacrificing volumes in order to cash in on its 12-billion-euro fiber optic network and cement its grip on premium customers, who offer juicer returns.', u"Official data shows the company controls 84 percent of the fiber optic market and, after buying Prisa's Canal+ unit, it will also hold 70 percent of the pay-TV market.", u"Ultra fast internet and exclusive TV products are seen as the key to winning the lion's share of the premium bundles' pie which is seen having a growth potential of 500 percent to reach 12 million clients and annual revenues of 10 billion euros.", u'"The client of these bundles tends to prioritize speed and quality over price. Those offers are targeting the medium-high residential segment, which is the one with higher margins and the most attractive," said Moody\'s analyst Carlos Winzer.', u'NO COINCIDENCE', u"The move's timing is no coincidence, sources also say, as Telefonica wants to take advantage of a dominant market position to bind clients to its offers.", u"Spain's antitrust watchdog CNMC is set to force the firm to open up its fiber optic network in most of Spain by-year-end and prices of domestic football rights may sky-rocket as a result of a new sports law due to soon be passed.", u'Competition will also heat up, with Al Jazeera launching its BeIn sports channel in Spain this summer and Netflix due to make available its video streaming service in September.', u"Meanwhile, analysts see no more than one in five clients switching to existing competitors. Teliasonera's Yoigo and Vodafone, which bought cable firm Ono last year, have also announced price hikes while Orange is busy buying Jazztel and unlikely to break ranks.", u'The British unit freshly sold, fixing Spain had also become a necessity to hedge the currency, economic and political risks of Latin America, where expected consolidation in Brazil and Mexico may translate into financial pressure in the short-term.', u'Latin America accounts for 50 percent of revenues, or 56 percent without Britain in the total, up from 40 percent in 2008.', u'Such a price-driven revamp is however fragile by nature and much of its success will depend on how consumers respond.', u'"Whilst the economic recovery is strong in Spain, the risk of pricing disruption in case of renewed economic weakness is higher," Barclays analysts said in a note.', u'(Editing by Anna Willard)']), ([u'Data Company Unearthed Twitter\u2019s Earnings Early'], [u'Selerity, a financial analytics firm, recently released a ', u' about how news events break on ', u'. On Tuesday, however, Selerity made news about Twitter.', u'Three seconds before 3:08 p.m. on Tuesday, Selerity tweeted what looked to be an early release of Twitter\u2019s disappointing earnings release, nearly an hour before Twitter was scheduled to announce it to Wall Street.', u'Six seconds later, Selerity says, shares of Twitter plunged. The New York Stock Exchange briefly halted Twitter trading as the company sorted out the mess. By 4 p.m., when the markets closed, the stock had fallen nearly 20 percent.', u'This is the business of Selerity. It combs the Internet for any signs of early financial information from companies like Twitter, and offers its services to high-frequency traders who could, potentially, act quickly to make money on that information.', u'But it also serves as a reminder \u2014 albeit an expensive one, in some cases \u2014 of just how quickly information can spread across the Internet only moments after it is published, and what it can mean for the companies involved.', u'\u201cIf you\u2019re in the breaking news business, you always have to be watching for these events,\u201d said Ryan Terpstra, founder and chief executive of Selerity, a New York company founded in 2008 that employs about 35 people.', u'Mr. Terpstra said that his company\u2019s technology detected an updated link on Twitter\u2019s investor relations web page and followed the link to a document posted on the open Internet to gain access to the information.', u'\u201cNo leak. No hack,\u201d Selerity said in a ', u'Twitter did not disclose how Selerity found the early information. But in its earnings call on Tuesday, the company said that Nasdaq manages the information on Twitter\u2019s investor relations web page.', u'\u201cOur ', u' inadvertently made available an early version of Twitter\u2019s earnings release publicly accessible,\u201d said Joe Christinat, a Nasdaq spokesman. Shareholder.com is owned by Nasdaq.', u'Selerity is only one of a number of companies that rely on combing through the ceaselessly flowing stream of social data to find interesting information. Dataminr, a start-up based in New York, combs Twitter data and sells those insights to financial traders and bankers.', u'And in 2010, Bloomberg News, which operates a large financial information service, was able to find and distribute the quarterly results of Disney and NetApp before their official release.', u'Selerity, too, has a track record when it comes to getting financial information early. In 2011, the company ', u' more than an hour ahead of schedule.']), ([u"Samsung Elec's Mobile Margins Not Out of the Woods"], [u'SEOUL, April 29 \u2014  Samsung Electronics may have put a floor under its mobile margins, but skeptics say profits will undergo a new test with the latest flagship Galaxy smartphones, among the most costly the South Korean company has ever made.', u"Samsung's mobile devices division, which accounted for nearly 60 percent of total profit last year, boosted its operating margin to 10.6 percent in January-to-March, according to the company's final quarterly results released on Wednesday. That's the highest in three quarters. Analysts say Samsung's roll-out of new mid-range products with revamped designs in key markets such as India likely boosted sales.", u'Mobile earnings slumped 42 percent last year due to intense competition in both the top and low-end segments. Samsung was forced to dump unsold inventory at steep discounts, pushing quarterly margins into the single digits for the first time since 2010.', u"Investors hope the new flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones that went on sale earlier this month will help the company's profits rebound from 2014. Samsung is expecting record shipments. In April-to-June, mobile margins may rise to 13.6 percent with the shipment of 22 million Galaxy S6 phones, IBK Securities analyst Lee Seung-woo estimated.", u'But some analysts say they need to see sales data before determining whether margins will extend their uptick. Difficulty in producing enough of the new S6 phones to keep up with demand could be a short-term constraint. Samsung would also need to contend with top-end rival Apple, which sold 61.2 million iPhones in the quarter ended March 28. "The second-quarter performance should be a bit better than the first, but I would need to see concrete sell-through data for the business before determining whether there will be a sustained earnings recovery," said Hana Daetoo Securities analyst Nam Dae-jong, noting that recent share price weakness for Samsung hints of some investor caution.', u'(Editing by Ryan Woo)']), ([u'Twitter Earnings, Released Early, Disappoint Investors'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  As Twitter has struggled to attract new users, the one bright spot has been its ability to wring more and more advertising dollars from marketing messages shown to the people on its service.', u'Now, under intensifying competition from companies like Facebook, its once-blistering ad growth is faltering \u2014 and so is Twitter\u2019s stock.', u'Twitter ', u' for the first quarter on Tuesday and told investors to reduce their expectations for the rest of the year.', u'The quarterly report, which was supposed to be published after the stock market closed, was obtained early and ', u' by the financial analytics firm Selerity. The release sent Twitter shares plunging. Trading was briefly halted so the company could disseminate its results. That steepened the drop, and the stock ended the day down about 18 percent.', u'Twitter\u2019s revenue grew 74 percent in the quarter, but that was less than the 97 percent growth seen in the fourth quarter and below the company\u2019s own forecasts. Executives attributed the slowdown to a transition to a new advertising model that priced certain ads based on the result, such as whether the viewer downloaded an app, instead of whether the person simply clicked on it.', u'Analysts said, however, that the shortfall suggested that the real-time network might be less useful than competitors for what are called direct-response ads.', u'\u201cDo people want to leave what they are doing on Twitter and do something else like buy something?\u201d said Debra Aho Williamson, an analyst at the research firm eMarketer. \u201cDirect-response advertisers haven\u2019t figured out the best way to use Twitter, and Twitter hasn\u2019t figured out the best way to market to them.\u201d', u'The quarterly results may renew calls for the resignation of Twitter\u2019s chief executive, Dick Costolo, who has been under fire from some investors ever since the company\u2019s initial public offering in the fall of 2013.', u'\u201cManagement will again have to address credibility concerns,\u201d Mark Mahaney, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, wrote in a note to investors shortly after the results came out.', u'Investors had counted on Twitter\u2019s strong advertising performance to offset the trouble that the service has had in attracting new users.', u'\u201cUser growth doesn\u2019t appear to be notably improving, and now monetization is failing to live up to expectations,\u201d said Richard Greenfield, an analyst with BTIG Research. \u201cThat\u2019s why the stock is selling off so hard. The question is, How much of this is Twitter\u2019s own missteps versus how much of this is peers such as Facebook, Instagram and Snapchat eating into their advertising?\u201d', u'Twitter said that 302 million people used its service at least once a month during the first quarter. That is up from 288 million in December and in line with recent trends. But the figure failed to impress investors, who have been eager to see results from ', u' to help newcomers better understand how to use its service.', u'Anthony Noto, Twitter\u2019s chief financial officer, said that user growth in April was \u201coff to a slow start.\u201d But the company plans to start adding to its count people who access the service only via text message, which would have added six million users to the first-quarter total.', u'Twitter\u2019s revenue, most of which derives from advertising, came in at $436 million in the first quarter, up from $250 million in the same quarter a year ago. That was well below the $457 million that Wall Street analysts had expected, according to estimates collected by S&P Capital IQ.', u'\u201cWe are increasingly concerned that Twitter\u2019s lack of real-time commercial intent (\xe0 la Google) or detailed, authenticated profiles (\xe0 la Facebook) will at some point materially limit TWTR\u2019s ad growth potential,\u201d Mr. Mahaney wrote. TWTR is the company\u2019s stock symbol.', u'The company also continued to lose money in the first quarter: $162 million, or 25 cents a share. Excluding stock-based compensation and certain other expenses, however, the company reported a profit of $46.5 million, or 7 cents a share. On that basis, Wall Street had expected Twitter to earn 4 cents a share.', u'In a conference call with analysts, Mr. Costolo said that it was too early for the new product initiatives to generate meaningful results. \u201cThese are Version 1 products,\u201d he said. \u201cWe\u2019re going to iterate on them frequently.\u201d', u'Mr. Costolo said that since the company began allowing users to shoot and post video directly from the Twitter app in January, \u201cwe\u2019ve seen orders-of-magnitude increases in the volume of native mobile video shared.\u201d', u'For the year, Twitter told investors to expect revenue of $2.17 billion to $2.27 billion. That is significantly lower than the $2.38 billion that Wall Street has been projecting.', u'Twitter has built itself into a global platform for public conversation conducted in 140-character snippets known as tweets. The company has traditionally been strong in mobile advertising, since its ads look almost exactly like other text, photo and video posts in its feed and they easily adapt to fit the smaller displays of cellphones.', u'Such ads are growing in popularity with marketers, but Facebook, Yahoo and many media sites also offer them.', u'To make its ads easier to buy, Twitter ', u' with Google on Tuesday. Later this year, brands and ad agencies using Google\u2019s popular DoubleClick advertising platform will be able to buy ads on Twitter just as they do on other sites. Marketers will also be able to use Google\u2019s analytics to measure the performance of Twitter ads.', u'The deal builds on an earlier deal in which Twitter agreed to give Google real-time access to the half-billion tweets posted every day. Beginning in May, Google intends to display those tweets as part of its search results, giving Google searches an up-to-the-moment freshness they now lack.', u'Both deals reflect the determination of Mr. Costolo and Mr. Noto, his financial chief, to extend the reach of Twitter beyond its core platform.', u'Twitter ', u' that it had acquired TellApart, an advertising technology company that specializes in direct-response marketing, which could help its performance with those ads.']), ([u'Samsung Elec to Aggressively Pursue Sales of Cheaper Phones in Emerging Markets'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will be aggressive in its sales strategy for mid-to-low end smartphones in emerging markets, including on pricing, a company executive said on Wednesday.', u"Park Jin-young, a vice president for Samsung's mobile division, also said sales of the company's new mid-tier products like the Galaxy A and Galaxy E series should remain firm in the second quarter.", u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Samsung Elec Tips Higher Second Quarter Profit on Galaxy S6 Sales'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday said it expects earnings to rise in the second quarter after posting its highest profit in three quarters in January-March, boosted by strong demand for its new Galaxy S6 flagship smartphones.', u"Samsung's renewed focus on design after a period of stagnation in its smartphone range appears to be paying dividends, with researcher Strategy Analytics saying the South Korean giant overtook Apple Inc as the world's top smartphone maker in the first quarter.", u'"Galaxy S6 sales have been going as well as expected, while demand for the Galaxy S6 edge have been better than anticipated," Samsung Vice President Park Jin-young said during a conference call.', u'The firm reported a January-March operating profit of 6 trillion won ($5.64 billion), in line with the 5.9 trillion won profit it had guided for earlier this month and the highest in three quarters.', u"Earnings for April-June should continue to rise, it said, with the two Galaxy S6 models - featuring new design flourishes like metal bodies - likely to break the company's sales record.", u'Samsung shares have slipped in recent weeks on concerns that the Galaxy S6 phones, on sale since April 10, may not sell as well as first hoped.', u'But executives on Wednesday sought to reassure investors that sales were healthy so far and that supply problems associated with the curved-screen S6 edge should be resolved in the current quarter.', u'"I don\'t see any devices within the current Android camp that could stand as an alternative to Samsung\'s high-end smartphones," Daewoo Securities analyst Jonathan Hwang said.', u"Samsung's mobile division's January-March operating profit improved to a three-quarter high of 2.74 trillion won.", u'But the chips business remained the top earner at 2.93 trillion won, thanks in part to surging orders from smartphone makers including Samsung itself. The company said it expected robust chip sales to continue in the April-June period.', u"Even so, few expect Samsung to return to the record profits of 2014 given intensifying competition in the global smartphone market. Apple topped Wall Street's profit forecasts on Monday as it sold more iPhones in China than the United States for the first time.", u'Samsung also warned that the typical industry pattern of a stronger second half may not be as pronounced this year due to risks like the weaker euro and emerging market currencies.', u"The median forecast from a Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S poll of 49 analysts tips Samsung's 2015 profit at 27.7 trillion won, up 10.8 percent from 25 trillion won in 2014.", u'(Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u"U.S. Lawmakers Seek to End Spies' Mass Collection of Phone Data"], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation on Tuesday to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1.", u'Republican U.S. Representatives Bob Goodlatte and Jim Sensenbrenner and Democrats John Conyers and Jerry Nadler introduced the "USA Freedom Act" in the House of Representatives, seeking to tighten control of a program publicly exposed two years ago by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.', u'Similar legislation was introduced in the U.S. Senate by Democrat Patrick Leahy and Republican Mike Lee.', u"The bills would bar the bulk collection of Americans' telephone records under Section 215 of the ", u' and other intelligence authorities, and increase transparency and accountability in surveillance programs.', u'They are supported by privacy groups but will run into opposition in Congress and at the White House.', u'Democratic President Barack Obama and many other Republicans and Democrats in Congress want to retain the mass data-collection program as a national security tool, but with substantial changes.', u'But other lawmakers want it to continue unchanged.', u'Earlier this month, Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he was sponsoring a bill to extend unchanged until Dec. 31, 2020, the Patriot Act provision, which the NSA has used to collect and store vast quantities of "metadata" charting telephone calls made by Americans.', u'However, McConnell said he intended his bill to be a base for lawmakers to start debate on the issue.', u'(Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Additional reporting by Mark Hosenball; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)']), ([u'Commission Approves Policy for Los Angeles Police Body Cameras'], [u'LOS ANGELES \u2014  The Los Angeles Police Commission approved a policy on Tuesday clearing the way for the widespread use of body cameras by patrol officers in the second-largest U.S. city, as tensions rise in the United States over police use-of-force incidents.', u'Mayor Eric Garcetti said in December the city would equip 7,000 Los Angeles Police Department officers with the devices over the next two years to capture their day-to-day interactions with civilians.', u"The commission's 3-1 vote on rules governing the use of the devices brings Los Angeles closer to becoming the largest U.S. city to put body cameras into widespread use. New York, Chicago and Washington are conducting pilot programs to test the cameras and evaluate their worth.", u'Officials are also testing the use of body cameras by officers in Baltimore, which on Monday saw riots following several days of protests over the death of a black man who suffered a fatal spine injury while in police custody.', u'The rules approved by the Los Angeles police commission require officers to turn on the body cameras when they pull over drivers, make arrests, engage in foot pursuits, transport suspects and interview witnesses and victims, among other times.', u'Hector Villagra, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Southern California, said in a statement the plan for use of the body cameras has "serious flaws."', u'Villagra criticized the decision not to require release of the footage to the public after shootings. He also took issue with a part of the policy that lets officers involved in shootings review footage from a body camera before making their statements to investigators.', u'Los Angeles Police Protective League President Craig Lally said in a statement that the police union supports the policy.', u'(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis; Editing by Daniel Wallis and Mohammad Zargham)']), ([u'FCC Sees First Bid to Block Net Neutrality Rules Implementation'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has received the first request to delay the implementation of new Internet regulations from a communication architect who said the rules threaten his business, a filing disclosed on Wednesday showed.', u"The FCC's new so-called ", u' rules are slated to go into effect in June. While the agency is likely to reject the petition by Internet protocol services entrepreneur Daniel Berninger, such a filing at the FCC is a prerequisite for asking the court to pause implementation of the rules.', u'Berninger, who filed the stay in his individual capacity and as founder of the Voice Communication Exchange Committee, asked the FCC to delay the plan while courts weigh the rules\' fate, saying their implementation "threatens his livelihood."', u'(Reporting by Alina Selyukh; Editing by Susan Heavey)']), ([u'Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App'], [u'(Reuters) - Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network.', u'Messenger, with more than 600 million users, now has a video icon at the top right corner of its screen. Earlier this year, Messenger launched voice and video calling between computers. (', u')', u"Messenger competes with Microsoft Corp's Skype, Apple Inc's FaceTime and Google Inc's Hangouts, all of which allow video calls between mobile devices or computers.", u"At Facebook's annual developer conference in March, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerburg said the social network would introduce myriad features within Messenger. For example, users can also send money to friends within the app. Facebook also unveiled a platform that enables developers to easily create apps that function within Messenger.", u'"Adding (video calling) to Messenger instead of the main Facebook app maybe ties in to Messenger\'s mission where it\'s a real core person-to-person app," said Brian Blau, research director at Gartner Inc, a U.S. technology research and advisory firm. "Now they\'re really enticing people with more features."', u"Video calling is available on devices using Apple's iOS and Google's Android mobile operating systems in Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Denmark, France, Greece, Ireland, Laos, Lithuania, Mexico, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Poland, Portugal, the United Kingdom, the United States and Uruguay. Facebook said additional regions will be added in the next few months.", u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Richard Chang)']), ([u'IAC Profit Beats as Its Dating Websites Attract More Paid Users'], [u'(Reuters) - IAC/InterActiveCorp reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as subscription revenue rose from its dating websites and the company said user response to the paid version of its Tinder dating app was better than it had anticipated.', u'Shares of the company, whose chairman is media mogul Barry Diller, rose about 2 percent in extended trading on Tuesday.', u"IAC, which also owns video sharing service Vimeo and education service Princeton Review, said it launched 'Tinder Plus' in March.", u'"Payment and renewal rates (for Tinder) came in solidly against expectations," said Greg Blatt, the chairman of IAC\'s Match group, which includes websites such as Match.com and ', u' and also the Princeton Review.', u'"We think (Tinder) has reached unmatched global scale in terms of its user base," Barclays analyst Chris Merwin said, roughly estimating potential quarterly revenue of $10 million to $12 million from the app.', u"Revenue from IAC's dating websites rose 2 percent in the first quarter as the number of paid subscribers surged 16 percent.", u'Excluding the negative impact of a stronger dollar, dating revenue rose 8 percent, the company said.', u'IAC said it expected current-quarter dating revenue to rise in high single digit in percentage terms.', u"However, revenue from IAC's search and applications business, which includes Dictionary.com, ", u' and Ask.com, fell 3.8 percent.', u"The business accounts for about half of IAC's total revenue.", u"IAC's net income attributable to shareholders fell 26.4 percent to $26.4 million, or 30 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 31.", u'Excluding items, the company earned 43 cents per share.', u'Revenue rose about 4 percent to $772.5 million.', u'Analysts on average had expected a profit of 35 cents per share and revenue of $772.3 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u"IAC's shares were trading at $72.80 after the bell.", u'(This version of the story adds details on Tinder app and analyst comment)', u'(Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u"LG's New G4 Phones Will Have Leather Backs"], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Optional leather backs and manual camera controls are two ways LG is seeking to distinguish its new G4 phone from Apple's iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy smartphones.", u"LG's mobile chief, Juno Cho, said a wireless trade show in Barcelona, Spain, last month confirmed LG's belief that smartphones have become clones of one another.", u'"I was almost shocked," Cho told The Associated Press. "Almost all the phones on display and introduced looked very (much the) same \u2014 the same metal casing and emphasis on thinness, overall form factors that are very similar."', u"The message at Tuesday's announcement of the new G4: We're not like the others.", u'Apple and Samsung dominate the smartphone market, with LG Electronics Inc. and other companies vying for third place with market shares of less than 5 percent each.', u"LG will make phones with traditional backs, too \u2014 using metal or ceramic. Prices weren't announced, though LG said leather models will cost more in some markets. The G4 is available immediately in LG's home country of South Korea. It will debut around the world in the coming weeks and is expected to reach the U.S. in early June.", u"Here's how the G4 stacks up:", u'___', u'THE DESIGN', u"Apple has long made design a priority, while Samsung began to embrace that this spring with phones that sport a metal frame and a glass back, rather than the plastic used in previous models. In many ways, Samsung's new Galaxy S6 came to resemble Apple's older iPhones. (The ", u' now has metal backs.)', u"At Tuesday's announcement, LG made a dig at Samsung, without naming it, by pointing out that glass backs can be marred with fingerprints. The G4 will have a choice of leather finishes. Some of Samsung's older phones had imitation leather backs. The G4 uses real leather and has stitching down the middle \u2014 for looks, more than anything.", u"If leather isn't for you, metal and ceramic backs are options. Motorola's Moto X phone offers leather, wood and other non-traditional materials as made-to-order options. With LG, they are part of standard models.", u'___', u'THE CAMERA', u'LG is adding features to improve low-light images. These are improvements over the average smartphone, though Apple and Samsung have also been incorporating these features \u2014 namely, the inclusion of a lens that can open wider to let in more light and reduce blur.', u'The G4 also has a plethora of manual controls, rivaling those of full-body cameras known as single-lens reflex, or SLR. LG said no other major smartphone released "this year" has that capability. LG was careful about the phrasing, as older phones from Nokia \u2014 now part of Microsoft \u2014 have that level of control. The feature was popular among some experienced photographers, though most people are fine with automatic settings.', u'The G4 differs in letting people save images in RAW format, which permits a greater degree of editing. Most cameras use JPEG, which takes less storage space but introduces distortion in the compression.', u"One nice feature is the ability to snap a photo by pressing the power button on the back twice, even if the phone's display is off. Samsung's S6 launches the camera with the double press of the home button, but the user still has to then take the shot. LG also made a dig at Samsung for this, without naming the company.", u'As much as LG tries to be different, the layout of the G4\'s photo gallery resembles the iPhone\'s. In an interview, Cho said LG "felt that kind of experience is important for the customer."', u'___', u'EXTRAS', u'Few phones have removable batteries these days, in part to keep phones thin. LG sacrificed thinness so the battery can be removed and replaced with a spare. The G4 also has a slot for a memory card \u2014 something lacking in the iPhone and S6 phones. LG keeps the slot \u2014 especially important if people start storing all their photos in RAW.']), ([u'PayPal Extends One Touch Payment to Online Transactions'], [u"CHICAGO \u2014  PayPal, eBay Inc's electronic payments division, said on Tuesday it will extend its single-touch payment service from mobile devices to online transactions to try to reduce the $4 trillion in merchandise abandoned in retailers' online shopping carts every year due to complicated checkout procedures.", u'PayPal One Touch, which is widely used by shoppers on mobile phones, is designed to ease checkout flows that have users bouncing between screens and typing in personal information, which leads to millions of unfinished transactions.', u'The average documented online shopping cart abandonment rate is 68 percent, according to the Baymard Institute, an e-commerce research firm.', u"PayPal One Touch will allow customers a secure checkout across PayPal-enabled websites with a single touch, without having to re-enter login information, Anuj Nayar, PayPal's senior director of global initiatives said in an interview.", u'The move to offer a simple, seamless checkout experience is not only spurring competition online but in stores with digital wallets such as Apple Pay and Google Wallet.', u'(Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Peter Galloway)']), ([u'South Korea Investigating Oracle Over Software Bundling'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  South Korea's antitrust body said on Tuesday that it is investigating U.S. database firm Oracle Corp over whether its practice of bundling new software offerings into maintenance services contracts is anticompetitive behavior.", u'Hwang Won-chul, a director at the Korea Fair Trade Commission, told Reuters that Oracle also requires customers to pay for maintenance services for all Oracle software being used instead of being able to pick and choose which software the customers want maintenance services for.', u'"We have not decided on whether there will be any sanctions against Oracle," the official said, adding that a final ruling will likely come in June or July.', u'The Oracle probe comes as the South Korean regulator investigates U.S. chip maker Qualcomm Inc over whether the company abused its dominant market position in the country. The commission has not divulged additional details on that investigation.', u'Oracle could not be immediately reached for comment.', u'(Reporting by Seungyun Oh; Writing by Se Young Lee; Editing by Ryan Woo)']), ([u'Corning Expects Gorilla Glass Sales to Remain Strong'], [u'(Reuters) - Corning Inc the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, said it expects to sell more LCD glass in the second quarter.', u'The company, which also supplies LCD panels to consumer electronics companies such as Sony Corp and LG Electronics Inc, also forecast a slowdown in a decline in glass prices in the quarter.', u'Corning shares were up 2.8 percent in premarket trading on Tuesday.', u'The company said it expects current-quarter sales in its optical communications business to increase by a mid-teen percentage as demand from carrier and enterprise networks remains strong.', u"In March, the company completed the acquisition of Samsung Electronics' fiber optics business.", u'Current-quarter sales in its specialty materials business, which includes Gorilla Glass, is expected to decrease by a mid-single digit percentage, the company said.', u'Corning, however, expects Gorilla Glass sales to remain strong in the second-quarter, allaying some of the concerns regarding decline in its specialty materials business.', u'The company expects a low single-digit percentage rise in LCD glass volume in the second quarter over the first quarter.', u'Glass prices decline in second quarter will be moderate, in low-single digit percentages, Corning Senior Vice President Tony Tripeny told Reuters.', u'Core sales at the display technologies business, which includes LCDs, rose marginally to $972 billion.', u'Corning said net sales slipped a percent to $2.27 billion in the first quarter ended March 31 from $2.29 billion a year earlier.', u"The company's net income rose to $407 million, or 29 cents per share, from $301 million, or 20 cents per share. Core net sales were $2.43 billion.", u'The company reported core earnings of 35 cents per share.', u'Analysts on average had expected an adjusted profit of 34 cents per share and revenue of $2.48 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik and Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Joyjeet Das)']), ([u'Turkey Minister Says Might Cancel 4G Tender, Switch to 5G: Newspaper'], [u'ANKARA \u2014  Turkey could cancel a May tender for 4G telecoms infrastructure after President Tayyip Erdogan urged the country not to "lose time" with the technology and move straight to 5G, the trade minister was quoted as saying on Tuesday.', u'Erdogan last week called for a move to fifth-generation mobile networks, within two years, skipping the current 4G technology, which cast doubt over the ongoing tender process.', u'Turkish telecommunications are currently based on 3G technology.', u'"Cancelling the tender is being discussed now. We are evaluating ... It will become clear soon," Customs and Trade Minister Nurettin Canikli said, according to the HaberTurk daily.', u'"The president\'s remarks were meant to be instructions. He is the semi-executive president, and the head of the executive branch. We should pay attention to what he says," Canikli said.', u'The Information and Communication Technologies Authority this month set a May 26 deadline for a 4G tender for 20 frequency segments at a minimum value of around 2.3 billion euros ($2.5 billion).', u'Officials have previously said 4G services would be offered from the start of 2016.', u'(Reporting by Ece Toksabay; editing by Ayla Jean Yackley and Jason Neely)']), ([u'Huawei Releases New Honor Budget Smartphone, to Be Sold Online'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] launched on Tuesday the Honor 4C smartphone, the latest bid by the Chinese technology firm to gain market share in the highly competitive budget handset segment from domestic rivals such as Xiaomi Inc.', u"The phone has a 5-inch display, slightly larger than the iPhone 6 and the same as Xiaomi's Mi 4 smartphone, and starts at  799 yuan ($129). By comparison, the iPhone 6 starts at around $750 while the Mi 4 costs around $250.", u"To cut on marketing costs, the Honor 4C will be sold primarily online through outlets including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Tmall, George Zhao, the president of Huawei's Honor brand, told the Global Mobile Internet Conference in Beijing.", u'Zhao and Alibaba vice president Jeff Zhang also said the smartphone launch coincided with a "new level" of corporate ties between the their two companies. They declined to give details.', u'Formed by Huawei less than two years ago as a largely independent unit, Honor has released several budget smartphones which, like Xiaomi, it has sold almost exclusively online.', u'Huawei said it had sold 20 million Honor handsets last year, nearly a third of the 60 million handsets Xiaomi sold during the same period.', u"Huawei, which is also one of the world's largest makers of telecoms network equipment, ranked fourth in global smartphone sales last year, shipping 68 million units, giving it a 5.5 percent share, according to research group Gartner.", u"(This story has been refiled to correct Huawei executive George Zhao's title, paragraph three)", u'(Reporting by Gerry Shih and Paul Carsten; Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u'Tencent Takes on Alibaba, Xiaomi With Open Smart Hardware Operating System'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's Tencent Holdings Ltd launched on Tuesday an operating system for internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers, taking on domestic rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Xiaomi Inc in the smart hardware space.", u"Tencent Operating System (OS) and TOS+ allow manufacturers and developers to freely use the platform if they agree to share revenue. This model mirrors Google Inc's Android mobile OS, and could help Tencent replicate the U.S. firm's conquest of the majority of the world's smartphones.", u"Tencent is the dominant social networking and online entertainment company in China, and the success of its OS would deepen its control over users' screens. Tencent's WeChat mobile messaging app is the most widely used for communication, and is also popular for shopping, gaming and other mobile services such as hailing a taxi.", u'"We want to inject more content into smart hardware systems and have connectivity across different terminals," Zhong Xiangping, head of TOS+, told the Global Mobile Internet Conference in Beijing.', u'Tencent, e-commerce giant Alibaba, which develops the Yun Operating System (OS), and smartphone maker Xiaomi have already made forays into smart hardware, with internet-connected TVs, fitness bands and air purifiers.', u"Their systems for both mobile and hardware offer an alternative to Google's services, many of which are unusable in China, including key features for Android, due to several factors including censorship and licensing issues.", u'Tencent said it wanted to layer the Android-based TOS+ over smart hardware, from TVs to watches and virtual reality headsets. That would mean playing games on a TV using a smartphone, or using a TOS+ smart watch to make payments from a handset, Zhong said.', u"Earlier this month, Alibaba formed a 'smart living' business unit as it races to introduce internet and computing capabilities to various kinds of everyday products.", u"The company's finance affiliate Ant Financial also teamed with Xiaomi to jointly develop mobile payment systems using wearable technology.", u"Baidu Inc, China's biggest search engine, is also developing its own Android-based smart watch OS, DuWear, compatible with Sony Corp, Lenovo Group Ltd's Motorola and LG Corp wearables. The DuWear Watch is set to go on sale in June.", u'(Editing by Miral Fahmy)']), ([u"Apple's Mac Is Selling Strong, iPad Not So Much"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Apple's iPhone was again the company's star in the first three months of the year. The tech giant sold 61 million iPhones, or 40 percent more than in the same period a year ago. That represented about two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue.", u'But executives also shed some light on other well-known Apple products in interviews and a conference call with analysts Monday evening.', u'___', u'iPAD SALES DOWN', u"Apple's tablet computing device, once a red-hot consumer gadget, has suffered from a steady decline in sales over the last year. Apple sold 12.6 million iPads in the latest quarter, for about $5.4 billion in revenue. That's down from 16.3 million iPads sold in the same period a year earlier.", u"Analysts say consumers are realizing tablets aren't as useful for some tasks, and they're also waiting longer to buy new models. Apple CEO Tim Cook said Monday that some potential iPad users are opting instead for the company's new lightweight MacBook computers, or even the newer iPhone models that have larger screens.", u'But Cook said he sees a future for the iPad in business settings, where workers can use specialized iPad apps created by IBM and other commercial software developers. "I believe the iPad is an extremely good business over the long term," Cook said. "Precisely when it begins to grow again, I wouldn\'t want to predict. But I strongly believe that it will."', u'___', u'MAC SALES UP', u'At a time when market researchers say the personal computer market is shrinking, Apple is actually increasing its sales of Macs. The company sold 4.6 million Mac desktops and notebook computers in the last quarter.', u"That's a lot fewer than the estimated 13.4 million PCs sold by leading PC-maker Lenovo in the same period. But the Mac contributed $5.6 billion of Apple's revenue last quarter and saw unit sales grow 10 percent, while market researchers at International Data Corp. estimate total PC sales by all vendors shrank nearly 7 percent.", u"The growth in Mac sales was led by Apple's MacBook portables, said Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri, although he did not break out desktop or laptop figures.", u'___', u'WATCH SALES UNDISCLOSED', u'Despite repeated questions, Cook and Maestri declined to reveal any sales figures for the Apple Watch, which went on sale this month. The company is currently only accepting orders online and Cook said, "right now, demand is greater than the supply."', u'But he said Apple is working to fill orders and expedite deliveries that have been delayed for several weeks, while increasing supplies to the point where Apple will begin selling the watch in more countries by late June. Currently, the watch is being sold in the United States, Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan and the United Kingdom.', u"Maestri also said the watch will contribute to a slight dip in the company's profit margins during the first quarter that it's on sale. Cook, however, said that's typical for a new product when manufacturing and supply chains are still being refined, and he declined to offer any estimate for the watch's profitability over the long term."]), ([u'Apple\u2019s Earnings Surge, as iPhone Sales Jump and China Business Rises'], [u'\u2019s growth engine has now shifted unmistakably to China.', u'The company said on Monday that quarterly ', u' sales in greater China, which includes mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, had surpassed those in ', u'\u2019s home market, the United States, for the first time.', u'While Apple did not disclose specific numbers, the performance powered the company\u2019s revenue, with sales in greater China rising 71 percent to $16.8 billion in the fiscal second quarter compared with the same period last year. Revenue from greater China also exceeded that from Europe for the first time.', u'The China results punctuated another strong quarter for Apple. In total, revenue climbed 27 percent to $58 billion, up from $45.6 billion last year, the company said in its earnings report. Profit was $13.6 billion, up from $10.2 billion a year ago.', u'\u201cEverything you look at in China was extremely good,\u201d Timothy D. Cook, Apple\u2019s chief executive, told analysts in the company\u2019s earnings call. \u201cWe\u2019re really proud of the results there and continue to invest in the country.\u201d', u'Apple has long laid the groundwork to reap big sales in China, and revenue growth from the region has ', u'. The company in late 2013 ', u' to sell iPhones through China Mobile, the world\u2019s largest phone carrier. Apple is also expanding its operations in the region, with 21 retail stores and plans to increase that number to 40 by mid-2016.', u'Add to all that the fact that the Chinese New Year holiday, typically a big retail season, was in February. The latest iPhones also have much bigger screens than past models, another feature that has been ', u'.', u'Jan Dawson, an independent technology analyst for Jackdaw Research, said Apple\u2019s performance in China highlighted its advantages against other American technology companies.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s hugely important because it shows that Apple continues to be the only major U.S. tech company that is really succeeding in China, in contrast to Google, Microsoft and Amazon,\u201d Mr. Dawson said.', u'Over all, Apple sold 61.2 million iPhones in the quarter, beating analysts\u2019 estimates of roughly 60 million phones. That also far exceeded the 43.7 million iPhones that Apple sold in the period a year ago. Analysts had anticipated that ', u' sales would increase sharply, largely because of the company\u2019s growing presence in greater China. Apple also said it was seeing a higher rate of people switching to iPhones from Android smartphones.', u'Sales of Apple\u2019s ', u' declined for the fifth quarter in a row, however. The company sold 12.6 million iPads, compared with 16.4 million tablets a year ago. Over the last year, Apple\u2019s tablet sales have steadily shrunk, partly because people do not upgrade those devices as frequently as they do smartphones. In addition, as smartphone screen sizes increase, some consumers question whether they need both a tablet and a phone.', u'In an interview, Luca Maestri, Apple\u2019s chief financial officer, said the company was nonetheless happy with the ', u'\u2019s performance because the tablet continued to top customer satisfaction ratings.', u'Apple also sold 4.6 million Mac computers in the quarter, up from 4.1 million a year ago. Mr. Cook said Mac sales in China rose 31 percent from a year ago.', u'Apple reported earnings after releasing its ', u', which began shipping to customers ', u' on Friday. On the earnings call, Mr. Cook said that consumer demand was exceeding initial supply, but that he expected Apple to be able to offer the watch in additional countries by late June.', u'Mr. Cook said Apple was especially happy with the progress in software applications available for the Apple Watch. The App Store now has more than 3,500 apps compatible with the watch, much higher than the 500 apps initially available for the iPhone when the App Store opened in 2008.', u'\u201cWe couldn\u2019t be happier about how things are going,\u201d Mr. Cook said about apps for the watch, adding that customer response so far seemed to be \u201c100 percent positive.\u201d', u'Analysts\u2019 expectations for the watch are modest compared to Apple\u2019s other blockbuster products. Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, estimates that Apple will sell 7.5 million watches in the second half of Apple\u2019s fiscal year, a much smaller number than the tens of millions of iPhones that sell each quarter.', u'The watch is Apple\u2019s first brand-new hardware product under Mr. Cook, who took the reins in 2011, and Mr. Sacconaghi said investors would increasingly be looking at whether the wearable device would become Apple\u2019s next big business.', u'\u201cThe iPhone is not going to grow this rate forever in China or globally,\u201d he said. \u201cWhat\u2019s next, given that Mac is small and iPad is declining?\u201d', u'It is unlikely that Apple will share sales figures for the watch soon. In a previous earnings call, Mr. Cook said the company would report watch sales in a group with other products, rather than breaking it out into a separate category, to obscure its performance against competitors.', u'Apple on Monday also said it increased its capital return program by 50 percent, to $200 billion in cash by the end of March 2017. Apple is increasing its share repurchases to $140 billion from $90 billion, and is also raising its dividend to shareholders. The company\u2019s cash and securities pile stood at $193.5 billion as of the end of the quarter.']), ([u"Forget the Watch: Apple's iPhones Are Still the Main Event"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The ', u" is still the engine behind Apple's phenomenal success, even as attention turned to its new smartwatch in recent weeks.", u"While skeptics question whether the company's future is tied too much to one product, the iPhone's popularity was the reason Apple turned in another blow-out financial report Monday. The results far surpassed most analysts' expectations for the first three months of the year, when sales traditionally fall from their holiday-season peak.", u"Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more than two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its $13.6 billion in profit. As expected, the numbers were down from the previous quarter, when holiday shoppers bought a record 74 million of Apple's new iPhone 6, 6 Plus and older models. But the 61 million was a 40 percent increase over the number of iPhones sold in the first three months of 2014.", u'"We\'re seeing great results all over the world," Apple chief financial officer Luca Maestri told The Associated Press, adding that iPhone sales grew 72 percent in China, where the company has big hopes for expansion.', u'Other products played a much smaller role. Revenue from Mac computers rose 2 percent from a year earlier, to $5.6 billion, while ', u' revenue fell 29 percent, to $5.4 billion \u2014 continuing a steady decline in tablet sales.', u'Apple didn\'t report any results for the new Apple Watch, which it began selling this month, after the quarter ended. Maestri said customer response had been "positive." Analysts estimate about 2 million have sold to date, suggesting early demand is healthy but not of blockbuster proportions.', u"The iPhone is another story. Since it began offering models with bigger screens last fall, Apple has vied with South Korea's Samsung for the No. 1 position in the global smartphone market. By some estimates, Apple outsold Samsung in the quarter that ended in December, and analysts will be watching closely when Samsung reports its latest results this week.", u'Apple also announced an expansion of its effort to return more of its sizable cash war chest to investors. The company said it will raise its quarterly dividend by 11 percent, to 52 cents a share, and has increased a $90 billion stock buyback program to $140 billion. In total, the company said the program will return $200 billion to investors by the end of March 2017.', u"As iPhone sales have surged, so has Apple's stock. Apple shares have gained more than 50 percent over the last year, making it the world's most valuable company. The stock closed Monday at $132.65, up 1.8 percent for the day, and was rising in late trading.", u'The iPhone isn\'t just Apple\'s "dominant product," said Frank Gillett, a tech industry analyst at Forrester Research. "It\'s more than anything else what\'s driving the success of their company."', u'Market researchers, however, expect smartphone growth to slow down worldwide this year, particularly at the higher price range where Apple competes, as most consumers in industrialized countries have already bought one. That could make it difficult for Apple to maintain its recent pace.', u'"They\'re extremely dependent on the iPhone," said investment Colin Gillis at BGC Partners. "At some point, the market dynamics change," he said, adding that "the question is what could replace the iPhone" if sales begin to slow.', u'Apple CEO Tim Cook has said he\'s optimistic about new markets such as China, where Apple has made a strong showing against Samsung and China\'s Xiaomi. And even if Apple is increasingly selling new iPhones to people who are simply upgrading older models, "that\'s still a pretty healthy market," said Gartner analyst Van Baker, noting that more than 700 million iPhones have been sold since the first model was introduced in 2007.', u"Maestri also stressed the potential for new products like Apple Watch and Apple Pay, the company's mobile payment service. While these currently provide minimal revenue, analysts say they have big potential. And they are designed to work closely with the iPhone, which means each may bolster the other's popularity in the future, Gillett said."]), ([u'Twitter\u2019s Dick Costolo Delivers on Change, but the Right Mix Remains Elusive'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 ', u'\u2019s chief executive, Dick Costolo, has begun to follow through on his promise to reboot the company after the executive turmoil and product paralysis that dominated 2014.', u'In the last few months, Twitter has unveiled a blizzard of new features for its microblogging network, from a revamped home page that allows newcomers to browse popular posts by topic to automatic recaps of top tweets for users who don\u2019t constantly check their feeds. It even introduced a whole new app, Periscope, that allows people to post live video feeds to the network.', u'But as Mr. Costolo prepares to give investors a progress report on the company\u2019s efforts on Tuesday, it is clear that the new new Twitter is still wrestling with the same old problem: how to help people like Edgar S. Cahn and his granddaughter, Danielle, make sense of the complicated service.', u'Dr. Cahn, an 80-year-old law professor at the University of the District of Columbia, ', u' with help from Ms. Cahn, 22, who is studying writing at American University and created ', u' only three months earlier.', u'Although he loves the ability to connect with old friends and associates, Twitter conventions like retweeting, following and 140-character thought bubbles have so far eluded him.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s different from the kind of Ciceronian sentences that are my default mode,\u201d said Dr. Cahn, who was a speechwriter for Robert F. Kennedy and later pioneered a form of volunteerism called timebanking. Ms. Cahn sends screenshots of tweets to him on his iPhone and he texts her back messages to edit and tweet on his behalf.', u'Ms. Cahn is just one step ahead of her grandfather on the Twitter learning curve. \u201cThey set you up with X amount of people you can follow. You don\u2019t even know in the beginning why you should follow them,\u201d she said. \u201cI don\u2019t feel like I navigate it at all.\u201d', u'Ms. Cahn follows the tweets of Kim Kardashian and a few comedians, but generally prefers the hometown atmosphere of Facebook and the one-on-one nature of Snapchat, two services that are growing more quickly than Twitter while introducing their own enhancements to lure and retain users.', u'Alex Roetter, Twitter\u2019s head of engineering, says the company understands that it needs to do more to help people like the Cahns get value from the service, which is at its best when it is reflecting what its users are obsessing about at any given moment.', u'\u201cTwitter knows there is an earthquake before anyone else reports there is an earthquake,\u201d said Mr. Roetter, who sat down for a joint interview last month at the company\u2019s San Francisco headquarters with Kevin Weil, Twitter\u2019s head of product. \u201cWhat we\u2019re focused on is building a product that, with no investment up front, you can get the unique things that make Twitter Twitter.\u201d', u'Mr. Weil, who helped build Twitter\u2019s video advertising business, said that Google\u2019s YouTube is an example of the type of experience that Twitter wants to be able to provide to everyone. \u201cYouTube has great content. Most of it\u2019s public,\u201d he said. \u201cThey don\u2019t need you to log in to provide value\u201d \u2014 or for that matter, to show advertising.', u'Mr. Weil and Mr. Roetter, who say they are \u201cjoined at the hip all day long,\u201d have been charged with reinventing Twitter\u2019s user experience as part of the new management team that Mr. Costolo put in place last year after ', u' his chief operating officer and his top product, engineering and financial executives.', u'Through a spokesman, Mr. Costolo declined interview requests. But after a disappointing first year as a public company, he ', u' in November that Twitter needed to \u201caccelerate the pace and breadth of product change.\u201d', u'Now change is happening so fast it is hard to keep up. Twitter recently added long-delayed basics to its private messaging service, such as the ability to forward a tweet, send messages to a group and ', u'.', u'A couple of weeks ago, Twitter\u2019s home page stopped forcing curious visitors to sign up for an account and instead offered them samples of tweets on such topics as celebrity chefs and space exploration. After months of pressure from activists and ', u' from Mr. Costolo, the company has also tightened its rules about abuse and threats made on the service.', u'Mr. Costolo seems satisfied that he now has the right team in place to achieve his audacious \u2014 perhaps impossible \u2014 goal of reaching the largest daily audience in the world. (As of December, Twitter had 288 million users logging in at least once a month, one-fifth the audience of Facebook.)', u'For now, the changes have pacified Wall Street, where some disgruntled investors were calling for Mr. Costolo\u2019s resignation just a few months ago. The company\u2019s stock is up about 45 percent since the beginning of the year.', u'But concerns remain that for all the frenetic activity, the attention of users and advertisers is straying to other platforms.', u'\u201cIt has definitely gotten more crowded,\u201d said Dave Marsey, who heads the San Francisco office of Digitas, an advertising agency, and works closely with brands like Taco Bell and eBay.', u'While Twitter is still ideal for marketing tied to current events, he said, advertisers are now trying to figure out how to tap into more private spaces like Snapchat and Facebook\u2019s Messenger. \u201cIt\u2019s inherently appealing and intriguing to be able to inject yourself into a platform where people are making plans,\u201d he said.', u'Even one of Twitter\u2019s biggest fans, the analyst Robert Peck of SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, is less excited now about the company. On Monday, he downgraded the company\u2019s stock to \u201cneutral.\u201d', u'In an interview, Mr. Peck said it was not clear that the product changes will sustainably draw new users.', u'The rapid growth of Twitter\u2019s advertising, which provides virtually all of the company\u2019s revenue, could also slow. Ad prices are rising, and \u201cit\u2019s not the must-buy that Facebook is for advertisers,\u201d he said.', u'In addition, SunTrust\u2019s research found that Twitter\u2019s systems are showing ads from top brands next to pornography and other inappropriate content. \u201cWe don\u2019t think Twitter would do this purposefully,\u201d he said. \u201cBut Twitter is either going to have cleanse those users from its user base, or advertisers will force Twitter to prove its ads are going where they want them to.\u201d', u'Ms. Cahn, the young college student in Washington, does not care about ads or Twitter\u2019s stock price. With just 44 followers on the service, she is more bothered by the loneliness she feels tweeting into the void.', u'\u201cFacebook makes you feel like you matter,\u201d she said. \u201cTwitter is like New York. You can be ', u' singing in Times Square, but people aren\u2019t going to be paying much attention to you. No one\u2019s that interested.\u201d']), ([u'Microsoft Phones Infringe Patents: U.S. International Trade Commission Judge'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Microsoft Corp lost a round in a potentially costly patent battle when a U.S. International Trade Commission judge on Monday found that the software giant used InterDigital Inc's technology in its mobile phones without permission.", u'The judge, Theodore Essex, said that Microsoft infringed two wireless cellular patents owned by InterDigital, a patent licensor, and said it would not be against the public interest to ban the Microsoft devices from being imported into the United States.', u"The judge's decision must be reviewed by the full commission before any import ban is enacted.", u'The ITC has the authority to stop the import of products that it determines infringe a U.S. patent. Companies frequently sue at the ITC to win an import ban and in district court to win damages.', u"Wilmington, Delaware-based InterDigital first accused Nokia Corp of infringing its patents in 2007. Microsoft acquired Nokia's handset division last year. The InterDigital patents relate to moderating a mobile phone's power to reduce signal interference.", u"The ITC originally cleared Nokia of infringement, but in 2012 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, the nation's top patent court, overturned that decision and sent it back to the ITC.", u"Microsoft called Monday's decision one step in the process.", u'"We have a successful track record challenging patent assertion entities that misuse industry standards," the company said in a statement.', u'InterDigital Executive Vice President Lawrence Shay said the company looks forward to "continued discussion" with Microsoft to license its patents.', u'The full commission was scheduled to complete its review by late August.', u'The case at the ITC is No. 337-613.', u'(Reporting by Andrew Chung; Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App'], [u'(Reuters) - Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network.', u'Messenger, with more than 600 million users, now has a video icon at the top right corner of its screen. Earlier this year, Messenger launched voice and video calling between computers. (', u')', u"Messenger competes with Microsoft Corp's Skype, Apple Inc's FaceTime and Google Inc's Hangouts, all of which allow video calls between mobile devices or computers.", u"At Facebook's annual developer conference in March, Chief Executive Mark Zuckerburg said the social network would introduce myriad features within Messenger. For example, users can also send money to friends within the app. Facebook also unveiled a platform that enables developers to easily create apps that function within Messenger.", u'"Adding (video calling) to Messenger instead of the main Facebook app maybe ties in to Messenger\'s mission where it\'s a real core person-to-person app," said Brian Blau, research director at Gartner Inc, a U.S. technology research and advisory firm. "Now they\'re really enticing people with more features."', u"Video calling is available on devices using Apple's iOS and Google's Android mobile operating systems in Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Denmark, France, Greece, Ireland, Laos, Lithuania, Mexico, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Poland, Portugal, the United Kingdom, the United States and Uruguay. Facebook said additional regions will be added in the next few months.", u'(Reporting by Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Richard Chang)']), ([u'EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources'], [u"BRUSSELS/BERLIN \u2014  The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.", u"The list of complainants in the European Commission's charge sheet, which includes companies not directly involved in the charges around Google's shopping service, would make it easier for the regulator to expand the case beyond its preliminary focus on price-comparison shopping sites.", u'\xa0\xa0\xa0\xa0Being an official party to the case gives the companies an insider track on the regulatory proceedings as they will be able to get a copy of the detailed EU charge sheet and argue their case at a hearing of competition experts should Google ask for one.', u'While around 30 firms have since gone public with their complaints, to date no one other than the EU enforcer and Google knows exactly which parties have been included as official complainants on the charge sheet.', u'According to one of the sources, those parties include French legal search engine eJustice (including 1plusV which runs the Ejustice.fr legal website and search engine), British price comparison site Foundem, a German association of business listings VfT, and German magazine and newspaper publishers VDZ and BDZV.', u'The list also includes online mapping providers Euro-Cities, Hot-map and Streetmap, Italian news aggregator ', u', Dutch soccer site Elfvoetbal, Microsoft, French price comparison site Twenga and U.S. consumer reviews website Yelp.', u"Online travel sites Expedia, Odigeo, TripAdvisor, U.S. comparison shopping website Nextag (including its German unit Guenstiger) and German publisher Axel Springer's price comparison fashion site Visual-Meta are also in the list.", u'Lobbying group ICOMP and an anonymous complainant complete the official list. In addition British price comparison site Moneysupermarket.Com is recorded as an interested third party.', u"Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment, reiterating that it was the regulator's policy not to disclose  the names of complainants in antitrust investigations. Google did not respond to an email for comment.", u"The EU antitrust enforcer last week accused the world's most popular search engine of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting web search results to favor its own shopping service in a move which could change the rules for online business.", u"BDZV and VDZ have a strong case with possibly the broadest complaint against Google's actions in two areas, said Thomas Hoppner at law firm Olswang who is advising the two associations.", u'"We would certainly like to be at the oral hearing to express our\xa0views. Being an official complainant will ensure that we may comment on the statement of objections and, more importantly, any points Google may raise in its defense."', u'Yelp said that U.S. rivals have been a driving force behind the EU action.', u'"It\'s been clear from our meetings that U.S.-based companies have helped lead the charge by providing substantive evidence of Google\'s harm to consumers," said Luther Lowe, Yelp\'s public policy director.', u'Yelp, Expedia, Foundem, ICOMP, Hot-Map, Euro-Cities and 1plusV confirmed that they are official complainants but did not know if they were named in the EU document. Other companies did not reply to requests for comment.', u'(Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb in New York)']), ([u"EBay Adds Weight to Google's Brussels Antitrust Defense: FT"], [u"(Reuters) - EBay Inc Chief Executive John Donahoe has added weight to Google Inc's defense in an antitrust case, saying the two companies are direct competitors in online shopping, the Financial Times reported.", u'Barriers between different areas of online commerce are breaking down, Donahoe said in an interview with FT, highlighting the challenges the European Commission faces in bringing the high-profile case. (', u')', u"In an emailed statement to Reuters, eBay said Donahoe's remarks were not intended to be taken in reference to the European Commission's case against Google.", u'"While the specific complaint against Google has not been made public, we believe the Commission is investigating important concerns with the Internet ecosystem," eBay said.', u"The Financial Times also updated its story to include eBay's response.", u'The European Union accused Google of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting Web search results to favor its own shopping service, after a five-year investigation that could change the rules for business online.', u"Google said in a blog post that it strongly disagreed with the EU's statement of objections and would make the case that its products have fostered competition and benefited consumers.", u"(This version of the story adds eBay's comments)", u'(Reporting by Ismail Shakil in Bengaluru; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u'Packed Field Stokes Competition for Digital Ad Dollars'], [u'Over the next two weeks, some of the biggest Internet companies and publishers will showcase their original programming in an annual attempt to attract advertising dollars. The events, taking place in New York under the banner of the ', u', are equal parts sales pitch and festival. This year, they are also something else: crowded.', u'Thirty-three companies are holding events \u2014 by far the most since the gathering began in 2012 \u2014 reflecting a rush to lure ad dollars away from television and secure a portion of the increasing amount of money being spent on digital video. Television still dominates the United States market, with $68.5 billion of ad spending last year, but the amount spent on digital video ads increased to $5.8 billion in the United States in 2014 and is expected to grow to $12.8 billion by 2018, according to the research firm eMarketer.', u'Part of the appeal for companies of a focused annual event like the NewFronts, they say, is that it can stir demand for their programming and persuade advertisers to commit spending upfront. But with so many companies participating \u2014 and the wealth of available digital content in general \u2014 a sense of urgency on the part of advertisers may now be absent.', u'\u201cThe NewFronts are a marketplace,\u201d said Carl Fremont, the global chief digital officer at ', u', part of the advertising giant WPP. \u201cIt is becoming crowded, and to find your time to stand out and get an audience is much more challenging.\u201d', u'In addition to the big players like AOL, Hulu, Yahoo and YouTube, other companies participating at this year\u2019s NewFronts, which start on Monday, include the fashion website Refinery29 and the news and entertainment website BuzzFeed, as well as Vice, News Corporation and Maker Studios, which is owned by the Walt Disney Company. (The New York Times will also make a presentation.)', u'How these companies are approaching the NewFronts \u2014 as well as what ad buyers are hoping to see \u2014 illustrates the stark changes in the advertising industry in recent years.', u'More than ever, advertisers are looking for new ways to reach consumers, who are constantly bombarded by content on multiple devices. Elaborate ad campaigns that use many media platforms are becoming the norm, with marketers realizing that they need to be innovative to break through the clutter. Advertisers, seeking insight into whether their campaigns are working, are also increasingly demanding tools to measure audience behavior and optimize the effectiveness of their ads.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s not just about the upfront offering,\u201d said Tara Walpert Levy, managing director of agency sales at Google. \u201cIt\u2019s about the value of the platform.\u201d', u'In response to the year-round nature of digital content and digital ad buying, AOL, which last year announced 16 original shows at its NewFronts event in Brooklyn, will use its presentation on Tuesday night to announce a plan to introduce digital content of varying length throughout the year for different devices.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re going to go out and move from a content season to a content year,\u201d said Dermot McCormack, the president of video and studios at AOL. \u201cThis is really reacting to not where the world is going but where the world is.\u201d', u'AOL\u2019s strategy also dovetails with its new advertising platform, called ', u', which it said would use data to help advertisers determine the effectiveness of their online ad campaigns on devices like mobile phones and on television.', u'Other companies plan to unveil offerings that respond to a growing demand from advertisers for easier ways to gain access to premium digital content.', u'Google\u2019s event for YouTube on Wednesday night will focus more on its ', u' offering, which it announced last year, than on original programming, Ms. Walpert Levy said. Google Preferred allows advertisers to identify and buy space on the most popular 5 percent of YouTube videos. The company will also promote measurement tools that it says will help advertisers gauge audience response.', u'Marketers are also pouring money into digital advertising technologies that rely on data and algorithms to buy and sell ads. So-called programmatic buying is affecting how advertisers allocate their money, said Amanda Richman, the president of ', u', which is owned by the Publicis Groupe.', u'\u201cThe impact of programmatic is definitely being felt across budgets that might have been invested during the upfronts, as more marketers move to real-time decisions about where they want to spend,\u201d she said.', u'Programmatic digital spending is predicted to grow to $53 billion worldwide by 2018, from an estimated $21 billion in 2014, according to a study from ', u', the research and ad-buying unit of the Interpublic Group.', u'Many companies still intend to promote original content. Hulu, for instance, will showcase new shows like \u201cDifficult People,\u201d which Amy Poehler is producing. Time Inc. said it would reveal eight to 10 new digital programs. Cond\xe9 Nast Entertainment plans to unveil two virtual reality series.', u'With all the companies participating in the NewFronts this year, standing out to advertisers and agencies could prove challenging.', u'One company, Crackle, Sony Pictures Television\u2019s streaming service, avoided the crowded NewFronts field by holding a separate presentation featuring Jerry Seinfeld, the star of Crackle\u2019s \u201cComedians in Cars Getting Coffee,\u201d in mid-April.', u'At the event, held in a former Broadway theater near Times Square, Mr. Seinfeld articulated what many companies will perhaps be trying to show in the next two weeks.', u'\u201cYou can be in the same world as cat videos,\u201d he said, \u201cand still deliver a great demo for the advertiser.\u201d']), ([u'The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google'], [u'? So last year. String bikinis? Most definitely over.', u'Even interest in skinny jeans may be waning, if six billion fashion-related queries by ', u' users are any indication of this year\u2019s most popular trends.', u'Instead, consumers are Googling tulle skirts, midi skirts, palazzo pants and jogger pants, according to the company, which plans to start issuing fashion trend reports based on user searches twice a year. The new trend aggregations are part of the company\u2019s bid to become a bigger player in e-commerce and fashion beyond its product search engine or advertising platform.', u'In its ', u', Google distinguishes between \u201csustained growth\u201d trends, like tulle skirts and jogger pants; flash-in-the-pan obsessions like ', u' and ', u'; and \u201cseasonal growth\u201d trends, or styles that have come back stronger every spring, like white jumpsuits. It makes similar distinctions among sustained declines (peplum dresses), seasonal ones (skinny jeans) and fads that are probably over and done (scarf vests).', u'Lisa Green, who heads Google\u2019s fashion and luxury team, said the company had begun working with major retailers, including Calvin Klein, to help them incorporate real-time Google search data into fashion planning and forecasting. \u201cFast fashion\u201d companies, for example, can take a trend identified by Google and run with it, Ms. Green said.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re interested in being powerful digital consultants for our brands, not just somebody they can talk to about what ads they can buy online,\u201d she said. \u201cThey can say, \u2018Google has identified this as a trend, and we have six weeks to get this out on the racks.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Google\u2019s foray into the fashion world is part of a scramble to define, inform and tap into how people search online for everything they can buy, be it clothes or jewelry, groceries or furniture.', u'The search giant has long experimented with e-commerce through services like Google Shopping, which lets shoppers compare prices among different vendors, and the recently introduced Shopping Express, which lets users make grocery purchases from local retail stores and receive them on the same day or the next one. But the company\u2019s e-commerce business trails behind Amazon or Alibaba, the established go-to sites for a plethora of products, and in fashion, Yoox and Net-a-Porter ', u' and flex their muscles as a luxury retailing powerhouse.', u'For Google, product search is increasingly important for its mainstay business of selling ads alongside search results, including fashion search results.', u'The company is hardly the first to deploy data to predict what might be a hot trend this season. IBM, for example, analyzes posts on blogs, social media and news sites to gauge \u201csocial sentiment\u201d in a variety of brand categories, including fashion and retailing.', u'In one early experiment in 2013, IBM declared that ', u' \u2014 an industrial aesthetic inspired by 19th-century Britain \u2014 was set to \u201cbubble up, and take hold, of the retail industry.\u201d That prediction has played out to a certain extent, judging from the popularity of \u201cindustrial\u201d or \u201csalvaged\u201d furniture, for example, or body trainers and corsets.', u'Spotify, the music-streaming service, also offers free analytics to artists to help them gauge the popularity of their music or estimate how much they can earn from new tunes.', u'\u201cPeople tend to make trend predictions based on a very limited number of observations, and that\u2019s very hit and miss,\u201d said Trevor Davis, a consumer products expert who led the project at IBM. \u201cThe ability to detect trends very early on before they really become noticeable, and to follow them, is invaluable.\u201d', u'Just how much more accurate or useful Google\u2019s search data on fashion will be has yet to be seen, Mr. Davis said. One obvious weakness is that Google\u2019s data encompasses all searches that appear related to apparel, regardless of whether the person searching actually bought something, or even intended to buy something. A search for \u201ctulle skirt,\u201d conceivably, could signal a shopper looking for an item on sale or a baffled fashion novice looking for a definition of it.', u'Asked by Google to assess its data analysis, Ellen Sideri, founder of ESP Trendlab, a forecasting agency, said that the data\u2019s value lay in its focus on what real people were interested in from across the country.', u'\u201cThe hardest thing to explain is that a trend doesn\u2019t come from one place,\u201d Ms. Sideri said. \u201cEvery trend is multifaceted.\u201d', u'For now, Google says it will share this database free to retailers and trend-followers in the hopes of winning partners and clout in the fashion arena. And Google promises not to match up its search data with customer data from retailers to target ads at individuals.', u'Ms. Green of Google said the sheer volume of its data \u2014 six billion data points \u2014 meant any patterns Google detected were a significant indicator of trend awareness and eventual purchasing behavior.', u'INstock, a data tool from the fashion trend forecaster WGSN, takes another approach to predicting trends. It analyzes fashion trends from pricing and inventory data on more than 40 million products daily across 12,000 brands in the United States and a handful of other markets. Styles picked up by a growing number of retailers signal a trend, and out-of-stock items likely demonstrate high demand, while heavy discounts raise a red flag.', u'Some current trends identified by INstock overlap with Google\u2019s. Jumpsuits are in this season \u201cas an elegant, yet edgy, alternative to the party dress,\u201d with inventory offered by retailers growing by 12 percent between September and January compared with a year earlier, according to Loree Lash-Valencia, a vice president at WGSN. On the other hand, her data had not yet picked up substantial interest in tulle skirts.', u'While predicting trends remains difficult, accurate forecasting has become vitally important as fast fashion speeds up product cycles, Ms. Lash-Valencia said. Misreading trends can result in millions of dollars lost either from marking down inventory that does not sell, or not stocking enough of styles that do, she said.', u'\u201cIn our industry, there\u2019s been a push to go faster and faster, and that\u2019s one reason everyone is having problems: No one has time to plan,\u201d she said. \u201cInstinct\u2019s no longer enough. Data can\u2019t replace every merchant, but there\u2019s such accurate data available now \u2014 you really need to use it.\u201d', u'Ms. Green said the Google search data helped to unearth fashion-forward hot spots that had escaped the industry\u2019s attention. \u201cThe industry might subscribe to certain perspectives, but our search data allows us to see what people really want to buy,\u201d she said. \u201cAnd our data shows that it\u2019s not just that every trend starts in New York or L.A. and everyone else catches on.\u201d', u'A geographical breakdown of Google\u2019s data shows, for example, a flash of search activity for white jumpsuits in May 2013, and for palazzo pants in August of that year, in Jackson, Miss. Both styles then spread nationally. And \u201ctulle skirt\u201d surged in popularity as a search term in October 2013 around Salt Lake City, Utah, before that trend also spiked elsewhere.', u'While Google said it had no idea why that was the case, a little digging turned up possible clues.', u', a stylist in Jackson, held a series of local fashion shows for the 2013 spring and summer seasons that featured both jumpsuits and palazzo pants \u2014 and \u201ceveryone here went crazy for them afterwards,\u201d according to Monique Pruitt, who has run ', u', a series of fashion events that feature local and Southern designers, since 2012.', u'The jumpsuit trend further took off in late 2014 when Solange Knowles, the sister of the singer Beyonc\xe9 and a fashion icon in the South, was spotted heading to her New Orleans wedding in a striking ', u'. They were also ', u'. (Ms. Kardashian also most likely spawned another rising trend identified by Google, ', u'.)', u'Mr. Bolin, who sells his styles online, said he was unsurprised by the Google data and lauded his region\u2019s sense of style.', u'\u201cJackson\u2019s a very boutique-y place,\u201d he said. \u201cWe even have a fashion week,\u201d he said. \u201cIt might be because there\u2019s not a lot else to do. But we\u2019re on trend with the world, believe it or not.\u201d', u'The tulle skirt trend, for its part, most definitely came from a craze for fairy-style skirts that has swept weddings and baby showers across Utah in the past few years, said Sherene McClellan and Deanna Sorenson, who run their ', u' on the Etsy marketplace from the tiny town of Mount Pleasant, Utah.', u'The sisters initially set up shop in September 2013 selling corsets and other period costumes, but soon found that demand for their handmade tulle skirts far exceeded that for other products. Last April, they decided to focus on the skirts, and have sent out about 700 of them since then, they said.', u'\u201cBoy, we do weddings and babies,\u201d Ms. McClellan said. \u201cI think the trend comes from our girls going for sweet and romantic, rather than sultry and sexy,\u201d she said.', u'\u201cWe are such a tiny rural area, and the fact that we might be a trendsetter for anything cracks me up.\u201d']), ([u"Apple Says EU Probe of Irish Tax Policy Could Be 'Material'"], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc said the European Commission\'s investigation into Ireland\'s tax treatment of multinationals could have a "material" impact if it was determined that Dublin\'s tax policies represented unfair state aid.', u'Apple said that if the EU\'s investigations concluded against Ireland, the company could be required to pay past taxes for up to 10 years "reflective of the disallowed state aid."', u'The EU began a formal investigation against Ireland in June last year for alleged state aid to Apple.', u'Apple said that as of March 28, it was unable to estimate the impact of having to pay these taxes. (', u')', u'"The company believes the European Commission\u2019s assertions are without merit," Apple said in a regulatory filing on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Maju Samuel)']), ([u'Turning a Children\u2019s Rating System Into an Advocacy Army '], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014 James P. Steyer came here from San Francisco last week on a whirlwind tour to try to engage the country\u2019s power brokers in his new crusade to put children and education at the top of the nation\u2019s political agenda.', u'He went to the White House to enlist David Simas, an assistant to President Obama who directs political strategy.', u'\u201cObama was in the Everglades,\u201d Mr. Steyer said, explaining why he was not meeting with the president himself.', u'He went to Capitol Hill to recruit Representative Nancy Pelosi, a California Democrat who is the House minority leader. He met with Representative Luke Messer, an Indiana Republican who is co-sponsoring a ', u'. And he went twice to the Federal Communications Commission to advocate subsidized Internet access for low-income families.', u'In the corridors of political power, Mr. Steyer\u2019s blond California-surfer mien and preppy garb may lend him an informal air. But behind his casual facade is a master networker and strategist.', u'\u201cHow do you navigate the dysfunctional partisan politics of Washington?\u201d Mr. Steyer, 58, asked as he strolled from DC Coast, a power-lunch spot on K Street, to the white-shoe law firm Davis Polk, where he was to hobnob with Jon Leibowitz, a former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission. \u201cA lot of what I do is I meet people,\u201d Mr. Steyer said. \u201cYou\u2019ve got to know the right people.\u201d', u'Through a combination of sophisticated strategy and high-powered networking, Mr. Steyer and his children\u2019s advocacy group, ', u', have quietly become a political dynamo. The nonprofit group, largely known for its reviews and ratings of children\u2019s videos, now plays a role in influencing billions of dollars in government spending on education-related technologies, like classroom broadband access, as well as teachers\u2019 choices of learning apps.', u'On Monday, the group plans to introduce an even more ambitious national advocacy effort, called Common Sense Kids Action, to push for certain state and federal efforts to bolster education for children. After years of providing free children\u2019s entertainment ratings, Common Sense Media now hopes to galvanize its user base, asking consumers to get behind issues like technical career training for students and technology training for teachers.', u'\u201cWe want to create a constituency for children, an AARP for kids,\u201d Mr. Steyer said, referring to the popular membership group for retirees. \u201cWe are going to activate an army.\u201d', u'Already, Mr. Steyer has teamed up with some of the biggest players in technology and education. With financing from the MacArthur Foundation and the Sherwood Foundation, for instance, his group developed a digital literacy curriculum that Mr. Steyer says has been adopted by about 90,000 schools. With financing from Bill Gates, it created a review site for digital education tools that effectively functions as a Yelp for teachers. The group also recently spearheaded the passage of two data protection laws in California that limit how online companies can use ', u' and ', u'\u201cHe has leveraged his power of persuasion, his connections and his personal passion to get Common Sense Media to a pretty important place of not only being a ratings platform, but an advocate for the appropriate use of technology in the classroom,\u201d said Gary E. Knell, a Common Sense board member who is the chief executive of the National Geographic Society.', u'Yet the new program may only magnify Common Sense Media\u2019s tangled stance; the group has enthusiastically promoted digital learning while simultaneously challenging Facebook and other online giants on their privacy practices.', u'The group\u2019s growing political influence also underscores the increasing privatization of American public education \u2014 and the complicated financial interrelationships that are developing as education technology proliferates.', u'Common Sense Media earned about $6 million last year through the licensing fees it charges companies \u2014 including Amplify, AT&T, Comcast, Cox, Discovery Education and Time Warner Cable \u2014 that distribute its reviews and ratings. It has also received support from a number of foundations set up by technology executives and telecommunications firms. If Mr. Steyer\u2019s efforts to increase government financing for education-related technologies succeed, some of these entities, or their benefactors\u2019 companies, stand to benefit.', u'\u201cWhat you\u2019re seeing is an organization pushing an agenda to improve education through technology coinciding with the self-interests of companies providing funding to that organization,\u201d said Joel R. Reidenberg, a professor at the Fordham University School of Law in Manhattan. \u201cIf you had municipal governments providing Wi-Fi in poor neighborhoods, you wouldn\u2019t need to subsidize the private sector to do it.\u201d', u'Mr. Steyer dismissed any suggestion of conflicts of interest. He said that Common Sense Media was transparent about its financial relationships and that it had no problem biting the hands that fed it.', u'\u201cWe exist for one purpose: to promote the best interest of kids,\u201d Mr. Steyer said. \u201cIf you help us do that, we will enhance your brand for the good work you do for kids and families. If you do bad things, we will publicly criticize you and try to regulate you.\u201d', u'It doesn\u2019t hurt Mr. Steyer\u2019s cause that his younger brother is Thomas F. Steyer, a hedge fund billionaire whose political action committee, ', u', has been a major contributor to Democratic campaigns. For its new advocacy effort, Common Sense has secured more than $20 million in pledges from donors, among them Tom Steyer.', u'The Steyer brothers grew up on the Upper East Side of Manhattan and attended elite private schools. Their father was an antitrust lawyer on Wall Street.', u'Mr. Steyer traces his interest in children\u2019s education, and his gregariousness, to his mother, who was a schoolteacher in Harlem and the South Bronx. After he graduated early from Phillips Exeter Academy, he volunteered to work with his mother as a teacher at a high school for disadvantaged students in the Hell\u2019s Kitchen neighborhood of Manhattan.', u'Mr. Steyer later became a civil rights lawyer, but he never stopped teaching. For the last 28 years, he has taught popular courses at Stanford University on civil rights, civil liberties and education. His students have included Cory Booker, now a senator from New Jersey, and Chelsea Clinton.', u'\u201cWhen Bill Clinton once introduced me, he said: \u2018The thing you have to know about Jim is that he is a teacher,\u2019 \u201d Mr. Steyer recalled. \u201cI have always wanted to be a teacher.\u201d', u'Mr. Steyer founded Common Sense Media in 2003 to help parents navigate the changing technological landscape for their children. The group\u2019s consumer platform reviews the content of children\u2019s books, videos, games, apps and other media for age-appropriateness, sex, violence, and profanity. With distributors like Comcast, DirectTV and Time Warner, the reviews reach millions of consumers annually.', u'In 2012, the F.C.C. and the Department of Education tapped Mr. Steyer and James Coulter, a founding partner of the private investment firm TPG Capital, along with two other experts, to develop a national plan to improve education through technology. Called the Leading Education by Advancing Digital Commission, the privately financed group eventually ', u' with high-speed broadband; deploying more digital devices in schools; and promoting digital curriculums.', u'\u201cWe had a market adoption problem,\u201d said Mr. Coulter, who is a member of the Common Sense advisory board. \u201cUntil you wire the classroom, you cannot deliver the product. But if you wire the classroom, the V.C. community will see you can deliver the product and will invest a lot more money.\u201d', u'In 2014, ', u' to support the installation of high-speed broadband in schools and libraries.', u'As part of Common Sense Media\u2019s new advocacy program, Mr. Steyer is promoting a similar plan. He wants the Federal Communications Commission to subsidize Internet access for low-income families so that their children can use the web and learning apps to do their homework assignments.', u'\u201cHere\u2019s what I want to know,\u201d Mr. Steyer said last week during a meeting with one of the commissioners. \u201cWho are the 10 people who matter in Congress so we can pressure them to do the right thing for kids?\u201d', u'Of course, technology may not turn out to be the panacea for education that industry executives and investors envision it to be. Moreover, many of the parents who rely on Common Sense to tell them whether videos like \u201cFurious 7\u201d are appropriate for their 10-year-olds may be unmoved by issues like equitable access to broadband.', u'But Mr. Steyer tends to be relentless once he has committed to a cause.', u'\u201cHe is, not particularly quietly, obsessive about it,\u201d said his brother, Tom. \u201cAnd he\u2019s very effective. That\u2019s the truth.\u201d']), ([u"India's Ratan Tata Buys Stake in Chinese Phone Maker Xiaomi"], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the holding company of India's Tata conglomerate, has acquired a stake in Xiaomi Technology [XTC.UL], a deal that is likely to bolster the Chinese phone maker's presence in the world's third-largest smartphone market.", u'Financial details of the unspecified stake bought by Tata in Xiaomi, the first by an Indian, were not disclosed in the statement issued by the Chinese company on Sunday.', u'Xiaomi, the No. 3 global smartphone maker, was valued at $45 billion after a December funding round.', u'Tata, a respected business leader who was the chairman of salt-to-software Tata Sons for more than two decades, has previously invested in Indian start-ups, including online retailer Snapdeal.', u"Tata'a investment in Xiaomi comes against the backdrop of an aggressive push by Xiaomi in India after entering the market, which has huge growth potential with just one in 10 people using smartphones, in July 2014.", u'On Thursday, Xiaomi hosted its first global launch outside of China in the Indian capital New Delhi, unveiling its feature-heavy Mi 4i model that supports six Indian languages at 12,999 rupees ($205).', u'Xiaomi and other Chinese smartphone makers are drafting in cricket teams and Bollywood stars to conquer India, their largest overseas market and a key testing ground for their international expansion.', u'"Mr. Tata is one of the most well-respected business leaders in the world. An investment by him is an affirmation of the strategy we have undertaken in India so far," Lei Jun, founder and chief executive officer of Xiaomi said in the statement.', u'"We are looking forward to bringing more products into India," he said.', u'(Reporting by Neha Dasgupta; Writing by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Clara Ferreira-Marques and William Hardy)']), ([u'3D Printed Splints Help Infants With Airway Disorder: U.S. Researchers'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  U.S. doctors treated three infants with an often-fatal airway disease by implanting a 3D printed medical device that improves breathing and changes shape as the children grow, the researchers reported on Wednesday.', u'All three custom airway splint devices were designed to fit the anatomy of each child, researchers at the University of Michigan and colleagues reported in the journal Science Translational Medicine.', u'The splints were hollow, porous tubes that could be stitched over the affected airways, forming a scaffolding that helped support the weakened structures. They were made with a "bioabsorbable" material known as polycaprolactone that dissolves in the body over time.', u'Researchers at the University of Michigan made the devices using 3D printing, in which materials are added in layers to create custom products. Such printers are already used in medicine to create a number of custom implants, creating new jaws, hips and hearing devices, for example.', u'"This is the first 3-D printed implant specifically designed to change shape over time to allow for a child\'s growth before finally reabsorbing as the disease is cured," said Dr. Glenn Green, an associate professor of pediatric otolaryngology at C.S. Mott Children\'s Hospital at the University of Michigan, and one of the study\'s authors.', u'All three children in the study suffered from tracheobronchomalacia, a typically fatal condition in which the walls of the trachea and bronchi are weakened, making them prone to collapse, leading to respiratory failure and cardiac arrest.', u'Green said the first child who received the implant three years ago, a boy named Kaiba Gionfriddo, now appears to be cured of the disease, and the splint has been absorbed.', u'Prior efforts to treat these children involved the use of fixed airway splints that needed to be frequently resized.', u'"The device worked better than we could have ever imagined," Green said in a statement.', u'Prior to the implants, all three children required heavy sedation and narcotics and the insertion of a breathing tube in their necks and were on artificial ventilators.', u'"Now these children are home with their families. Instead of lying on their backs for weeks, these children are now learning to stand and run," Green said.', u'The researchers now plan to study the device further in a larger clinical trial.', u'(Reporting by Julie Steenhuysen; Editing by Jonathan Oatis and David Gregorio)']), ([u'\u2018Google Adventurer\u2019 Dies on Mt. Everest'], [u'He was a ', u' engineer and avid climber who sought to take the company\u2019s Street View project to the world\u2019s tallest mountains.', u'On Saturday, Dan Fredinburg was at a base camp on Mount Everest when a powerful earthquake in Nepal set off an avalanche. Mr. Fredinburg was killed, ', u' posted on its website.', u'\u201cSadly, we lost one of our own in this tragedy,\u201d the statement said. \u201cDan Fredinburg, a longtime member of the Privacy organization in Mountain View, was in Nepal with three other Googlers, hiking Mount Everest. He has passed away. The other three Googlers with him are safe, and we are working to get them home quickly.\u201d', u'Shortly before, ', u' on Mr. Fredinburg\u2019s account went up: \u201cThis is Dan\u2019s little sister Megan,\u201d the message began. \u201cI regret to inform all who loved him that during the avalanche on Everest early this morning our Dan suffered from a major head injury and didn\u2019t make it.\u201d', u'According to his LinkedIn page, Mr. Fredinburg had worked at Google since 2007, where he described himself as \u201cGoogle Adventurer.\u201d He worked on Google\u2019s privacy team, recently helping to advise on high-profile projects, including ', u' and ', u', an attempt to use stratospheric balloons to deliver high-speed Internet to rural areas and the developing world.', u'Mr. Fredinburg had led a number of expeditions to the Everest area, taking images for Google\u2019s Street View project. In 2013, he announced the availability of imagery of famous mountains in Google Maps.', u'\u201cNow you can explore some of the most famous mountains on Earth, including Aconcagua (South America), Kilimanjaro (Africa), Mount Elbrus (Europe) and Everest Base Camp (Asia) on Google Maps,\u201d he ', u' in 2013.', u'\u201cWhile there\u2019s nothing quite like standing on the mountain,\u201d he added, \u201cwith Google Maps you can instantly transport yourself to the top of these peaks and enjoy the sights without all of the avalanches, rock slides, crevasses and dangers from altitude and weather that mountaineers face.\u201d', u'On March 30, Mr. Fredinburg\u2019s Twitter and Instagram accounts showed a picture of an orange water bottle with a carabiner dangling from it in ', u'. It read: \u201c2015 Everest Expedition fully underway. Gear is ready. I am ready. Now spending some time thinking about how this year\u2019s climb can be as impactful as possible!\u201d', u'He went on to document Katmandu and Lukla, Nepal. \u201cThe most dangerous airport in the world (due to lack of sufficient runway),\u201d he wrote of Lukla, accompanying ', u' of a short runway surrounded by buildings.', u'On April 6, Mr. Fredinburg posted: \u201c', u' in the distance got us screaming and dancing like idiots.\u201d', u'On April 10, he visited Lama Geshe, a local religious leader, \u201c', u'.\u201d', u'He documented yaks, Sherpas and an \u201cunseasonal snowstorm\u201d that required Mr. Fredinburg and his team to ', u' on the morning of April 20.', u'His last Instagram post, on Friday, said: \u201c', u' with ', u' means frequent stops for morning cappuccino, regardless of danger.\u201d', u'The next message came on Saturday, when his sister wrote: \u201cAll our love and thanks to those who shared this life with our favorite hilarious strong-willed man. He was and is everything to us.\u201d']), ([u'Alibaba, China Telecom Tie Up to Sell Phones'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  Chinese e-commerce leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and state-owned China Telecom Corp Ltd have tied up to sell inexpensive smartphones aimed at boosting mobile commerce in smaller cities and rural areas.', u'The phones, dubbed "Tianyi Taobao Shopping Handsets", will come installed with either an app for easy access to Alibaba\'s flagship Taobao online shopping platform or its home-grown YunOS mobile operating system, it said in a statement late on Friday. Buyers will be eligible for four months of free 2G data service.', u"The partnership is a bid to deepen Alibaba's e-commerce base in less developed parts of the country and promote its mobile operating system in a shrinking, cut-throat handset market.", u"Six models produced by Coolpad, Hisense and TCL would come with the Mobile Taobao app pre-installed. Mobile Taobao is China's most popular mobile shopping app with more than 200 million monthly active users, it said.", u'Another eight models, made by lesser-known brands including Uniscope, Ctyon and Kingsun, will run YunOS, providing buyers with an Alibaba account for shopping and cloud-based storage, and other preloaded services, it said.', u"Some 557 million people in China access the internet via mobile devices, according to government data. But shipments in China were 389 million phones in 2014, down from 423 million the previous year, according to China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.", u'Still, mobile shopping is on the rise.', u'In January, Alibaba said the number of mobile monthly active users nearly doubled in the third quarter from the same period the previous year to 265 million. The proportion of gross merchandise volume derived from mobile also grew.', u'Alibaba says it has an 86 percent share of China mobile commerce market.', u'In February, Alibaba announced that it was taking a $590 million stake in Meizu, a relatively obscure domestic smartphone maker as it tests ways to expand its mobile operating system.', u'(Reporting by John Ruwitch; Editing by Michael Perry)']), ([u'System Crash for Starbucks Leads to Free Coffee for Some'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The in-store payment systems at ', u' went down Friday at 8,000 company-operated stores in the United States and Canada, leading to an unexpected giveaway of coffee drinks at some stores.', u'In a statement, the company said the failure was caused not by hackers but by a problem during a daily computer system update. The chain said late Friday that it was still working to resolve the problem, which also affected the chain\u2019s Fresh and Teavana stores.', u'\u201cWe are actively working to resolve the outage, and our stores will remain open and continue to serve our customers,\u201d the company said.', u'News of the outage spread quickly on social media, with the hashtag ', u'. On Twitter, customers said stores were accepting cash, though in some cases customers said Starbucks workers were giving away its beverages.', u'\u201cWent to my local Starbucks,\u201d Tom Bryan, a customer, posted on Twitter. \u201cTheir registers are offline. Their solution? Drinks are free until they fix the problem. #customerservice #win.\u201d']), ([u'Review: Little-Known Facebook Apps Might Remain Just That'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  You probably already use Facebook on your phone, along with its Messenger app for chatting with Facebook friends. You might also have Instagram and WhatsApp, two services Facebook bought in recent years.', u"Not content with those successes, Facebook wants to be an even bigger part of your mobile life. So far, its Creative Labs division has churned out seven little-known apps that extend existing Facebook features or try to compete with popular apps such as Snapchat \u2014 the difference being that Facebook's version hasn't been all that popular.", u'Nonetheless, Facebook is unlikely to give up. With Creative Labs, the 11-year-old tech behemoth is able to function more like a nimble startup. That means some apps might flop, but Facebook gets to embrace its now-retired catchphrase "move fast and break things."', u"Here's a look at four of Facebook's home-grown apps \u2014 and who might need them:", u'___', u'\u2014 Hello', u"Sure, every phone comes with the ability to make calls. Now, you can do that through Facebook's Hello app. The idea is to give you more information about who's calling, such as the number of Facebook friends in common. It also makes it easy to block unwanted calls. If a number is blocked by a lot of people, the call will automatically go to your voicemail.", u"When you make the call, you're still going through regular channels \u2014 your normal phone app for cellular calls (which will eat up your minutes), or an app such as Messenger or TextNow for Wi-Fi and data calls. Think of Hello as Facebook's overlay for your various calling apps. The person you're calling doesn't need Hello, but won't get the additional information and blocking capabilities without it.", u"You can also search for local shops, bars or eateries and call the business through Hello. While this can be helpful, it's probably not enough to justify yet another app on your phone.", u"Whom it's for: People who use disposable phones and want to appear to those they are calling with a constant caller ID \u2014 as in their Facebook profile. Anyone with limited voice minutes who wants to screen unwanted calls. Probably not you \u2014 especially if you have an iPhone. Unlike the others, Hello is for Android only.", u'___', u'\u2014 Mentions', u'Not wanting to fall behind Twitter when it comes to celebrities, Facebook designed Mentions with them in mind. The app lets bold-face names such as Oprah, Samuel L. Jackson and Jennifer Lopez connect with fans.', u"Regular folks like you can't download or use Mentions. But if you follow celebrities' Facebook pages, you can see their updates, photos, videos and public chat sessions. Celebrities can also use Mentions to post on Instagram and Twitter.", u"Whom it's for: Beyonce.", u'___', u'\u2014Groups', u'About half of Facebook\'s 1.44 billion members belong to one or more groups on the site. Groups can be completely public, open by invitation only or "secret," such that they wouldn\'t even appear in a search unless you\'re already in the group. These groups let people connect based on a hobby, a genetic disorder, a geographic location or simply the love of a band.', u"The Groups app brings together various group features so you don't have to dig around the main Facebook app on your phone. You can manage existing groups or find new ones, based on recommendations or searches. You can also create shortcuts to your favorite groups on your phone's home screen. As with the main Facebook app, you can use Groups to discuss topics or plan events.", u"Whom it's for: Highly organized, on-the-go individuals who want to easily keep tabs on the many Facebook groups they belong to. Your aspirational self.", u'___', u'\u2014 Slingshot', u"Facebook was unsuccessful in buying Snapchat, the disappearing-message app popular with teenagers and millennials. Facebook's answer is Slingshot. Both are simple to use, but neither will work without other friends using it, so it helps if you're in with the hip young crowd.", u'Slingshot is intended to make photo-sharing more reciprocal than simply throwing pictures up on Facebook or sending them over instant messaging. When you get a photo from a friend, you can "react" by sending a response photo of your own.', u'Photos here disappear, too, but only after 24 hours, rather than the few seconds that Snapchat gives you once you view it. You can also swipe them away more quickly, as you would a dating rejection on Tinder.', u"Whom it's for: Teenagers with selfie-sticks. Facebook employees.", u'__']), ([u"India's Paytm Adds Mobile Marketplace App for e-Merchants"], [u"NEW DELHI \u2014  Paytm, an Indian online payments platform backed by China's Alibaba, is pushing deeper into India's booming e-commerce industry with a zero-commission mobile app marketplace targeted at small and medium-sized firms, the mainstay of the country's economy.", u'The company said on Friday this push, in addition to its existing general e-commerce platform, would help marketplace operations make up half of its total revenue target of $4 billion by the end of 2015.', u'"This is our move into mobile commerce," said Paytm Chief Executive Vijay Shekhar Sharma, adding the mobile app was designed to connect small businesses and consumers.', u"Even though only about a quarter of the population can access the Internet, India already has the world's third-largest population of internet users, thanks to cheap smartphones. That has driven a boom in e-commerce, in a country that had previously shopped largely in informal stalls and bazaars.", u'Paytm, which has yet to turn a profit, will not charge merchants commission on their sales, making money instead on commissions levied when they transfer money earned out of the site.', u'Paytm expects to have 100,000 merchants on its app by the end of the year, up from about 33,000 today on their general web platform. It expects to grow the number of stock-keeping units -- essentially, units sold -- from 8.5 million today to 100 million by the end of the year.', u'(Reporting by Aditi Shah; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques, Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Infosys Bets on New Services to Push Sales to $20 Billion by 2020'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  Infosys Ltd, India's second-largest software services exporter, on Friday posted quarterly net profit that lagged most analyst expectations, dampening hopes of a quick turnaround after top management changes.", u"Bengaluru-based Infosys, once seen as the bellwether of India's $150 billion IT services industry, has in recent years struggled to innovate and retain market share due to a staff exodus that also impacted its ability to win lucrative deals.", u'Infosys, however, said it was on track to revive growth and expected its revenue to rise to $20 billion by 2020 up from $8.7 billion now, as it focuses on acquisitions and wins more new technology services.', u'Under Chief Executive Vishal Sikka, brought in last year to chart a new strategy, Infosys has been making bets on automation and other high-margin services like artificial intelligence to regain some ground lost to rivals including sector leader Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.', u'"It\'s a long-drawn initiative ... it\'s not going to come in immediately, said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, vice president of IT research at Angel Broking. "Infosys (stock) has to be bought for the long-term and not for the next one or two years."', u'Infosys, which provides IT services to clients like Apple  Inc, Volkswagen AG and Wal-Mart Stores Inc, said fourth-quarter net profit rose to 30.97 billion rupees, from 29.92 billion rupees a year earlier.', u'Analysts, on average, were expecting it to make 31.86 billion rupees, according to Thomson Reuters data.', u'For the year ending March 2016, Infosys expects its dollar revenue, two-thirds of which comes from clients in the United States and Europe, to post growth of 10 percent to 12 percent, up from 7.1 percent growth in the last fiscal year.', u'Infosys shares in India ended nearly 6 percent lower after the earnings release, and the U.S. shares were trading down 7.4 percent at 1537 GMT (11.37 a.m. EDT).', u'Pricing for Infosys\' services continues to be under pressure due to rising "commoditization in the traditional outsourcing business", Chief Operating Officer U.B. Pravin Rao said.', u"The outsourcing services provider is, therefore, looking to ramp up its productivity through automation and is looking for acquisitions to boost growth. Infosys' cash and cash equivalents were at $5.2 billion at the end of March.", u'"The traditional model of IT services is dying but yet businesses continue to look for partners who can help them grow and innovate," Sikka said. "We see an increasing role that automation and innovation will play in our existing portfolio."', u'In a step toward that, Infosys said it had agreed to buy Kallidus Inc and an affiliate, which provide digital services such as mobile commerce for retail clients, for $120 million.', u'(Writing by Sumeet Chatterjee; Editing by Christopher Cushing and Elaine Hardcastle)']), ([u'EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources'], [u"BRUSSELS/BERLIN \u2014  The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday.", u"The list of complainants in the European Commission's charge sheet, which includes companies not directly involved in the charges around Google's shopping service, would make it easier for the regulator to expand the case beyond its preliminary focus on price-comparison shopping sites.", u'Being an official party to the case gives the companies an insider track on the regulatory proceedings as they will be able to get a copy of the detailed EU charge sheet and argue their case at a hearing of competition experts should Google ask for one.', u'While around 30 firms have since gone public with their complaints, to date no one other than the EU enforcer and Google knows exactly which parties have been included as official complainants on the charge sheet.', u'According to one of the sources, those parties include French legal search engine eJustice (including 1plusV which runs the Ejustice.fr legal website and search engine), British price comparison site Foundem, a German association of business listings VfT, and German magazine and newspaper publishers VDZ and BDZV.', u'The list also includes online mapping providers Euro-Cities, Hot-map and Streetmap, Italian news aggregator ', u', Dutch football site Elfvoetbal, Microsoft, French price comparison site Twenga and U.S. consumer reviews website Yelp.', u"Online travel sites Expedia, Odigeo, TripAdvisor, U.S. comparison shopping website Nextag (including its German unit Guenstiger) and German publisher Axel Springer's price comparison fashion site Visual-Meta are also in the list.", u'Lobbying group ICOMP and an anonymous complainant complete the official list. In addition British price comparison site Moneysupermarket.Com is recorded as an interested third party.', u"Commission spokesman Ricardo Cardoso declined to comment, reiterating that it was the regulator's policy not to disclose  the names of complainants in antitrust investigations. Google did not respond to an email for comment.", u"The EU antitrust enforcer last week accused the world's most popular search engine of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting web search results to favor its own shopping service in a move which could change the rules for online business.", u"BDZV and VDZ have a strong case with possibly the broadest complaint against Google's actions in two areas, said Thomas Hoppner at law firm Olswang who is advising the two associations.", u'"We would certainly like to be at the oral hearing to express our\xa0views. Being an official complainant will ensure that we may comment on the statement of objections and, more importantly, any points Google may raise in its defense."', u'Yelp said that U.S. rivals have been a driving force behind the EU action.', u'"It\'s been clear from our meetings that U.S.-based companies have helped lead the charge by providing substantive evidence of Google\'s harm to consumers," said Luther Lowe, Yelp\'s public policy director.', u'Yelp, Expedia, Foundem, ICOMP, Hot-Map, Euro-Cities and 1plusV confirmed that they are official complainants but did not know if they were named in the EU document. Other companies did not reply to requests for comment.', u'(Additional reporting by Yasmeen Abutaleb in New York; Editing by Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Luxottica Sees First Pair of Glasses With Intel Chips in Feb/March'], [u'MILAN \u2014  Italian eyewear group Luxottica expects the first pair of glasses born out of its partnership with U.S. chipmaker Intel Corp to be ready in February or March, co-Chief Executive Massimo Vian told shareholders on Friday.', u'Luxottica in December joined forces with Intel to target growing appetite among consumers for so-called wearable technology devices.', u'Vian said the "new fruit of this partnership would allow people to see, listen, even speak". He added Luxottica continued to work on the second version of the Google Glass and was in constant contact with the CEOs of Intel and Google.', u'(Reporting by Valentina Za; editing by Agnieszka Flak)']), ([u'BlackBerry Considers Closing Sweden Operations'], [u'(Reuters) - BlackBerry Ltd is considering closing its offices in Sweden, a move that would result in the loss of up to 100 jobs, a company spokesperson told Reuters.', u'"At this time, we are considering the closure of our offices in Sweden. Since this may impact approximately 100 employees, we are now initiating consultations with the employees\' trade unions," the spokesperson said in an email.', u'BlackBerry had about 7,000 people as of Sept. 2014, according to the its website.', u"The company's Toronto-listed stock closed little changed at C$12.62 on Friday.", u'(Reporting By Lehar Maan and Sneha Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'Samsung Hints at New Smartwatch on Apple Watch Launch Day'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  Samsung Electronics Co Ltd teased the market with hints of a new version of its Gear smartwatch on Friday, the same day that rival Apple Inc's long-awaited wearable devices went on sale.", u"The South Korean tech giant's official blog post showed images of smartwatch with a round face - which would be a first for Samsung - and naming several partners, including Baidu Inc, Yelp Inc and CNN.", u'Samsung also said it would release a wearable software development kit for third-party developers ahead of the launch.', u"The blog post came as the Apple Watch went on sale without the fanfare typical of the U.S. firm's major product rollouts.", u"Apple's offering is still expected to sell much better than any rival products to date. Researcher IHS expects shipments of more than 19 million Apple Watches this year, more than five times the number of all smartwatches shipped globally in 2014.", u'Samsung has launched six smartwatches since 2013 to build an early lead in the nascent market, but sales have been modest. IHS estimates that Samsung accounted for nearly 1 million of the 3.6 million smartwatches shipped globally last year.', u"The South Korean firm gave no other details on the new Gear smartwatch, such as when it may start selling, though the head of the firm's mobile business said earlier in April that Samsung would launch products in the near future.", u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Tony Munroe and Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Apple Thwarts Geeks, Investors Probing Smartwatch Components'], [u'MELBOURNE \u2014  Apple Inc managed to frustrate gadget lovers and investors desperate to find out the components of its new smartwatch on Friday, encasing its chips in tough resin and using rare screws to thwart people trying prise it apart.', u'Gadget repair firm iFixit, which has carried out "teardowns" on Apple products from iPhones to MacBooks, said the U.S. company also appeared to be promoting its brand on the watch\'s inner workings, complicating detailed analysis of the parts\' origins.', u"News that a supplier has been chosen - or rejected - for one of Apple's products can cause drastic swings in stock prices, so huge are the iPhone maker's orders.", u"The iFixit team, which traveled from San Luis Obispo to Australia to get its hands on one of the first Apple Watch deliveries after the gadget's global launch on Friday, began by blasting the screen with a heat gun to prise it off.", u'Then they untangled a nest of cables to uncover the "S1" - the core computing module encased in resin that even a pen knife couldn\'t shift.', u'"We have definitely not seen this before," iFixit teardown engineer Andrew Goldberg said in Melbourne.', u'iFixit had anticipated that the resin module, which Apple has said is to protect the electronics from the elements, would have a lid that could be opened rather than be a solid block.', u'Apple in the past has depended on multiple companies to supply its memory chips for storing music and photos, but imposes strict rules forbidding those suppliers from discussing Apple-related business with investors and the media.', u'Previous suppliers have included SK Hynix, Qualcomm, Skyworks Solutions, Avago Technologies  ARM Holdings, NXP Semiconductors NV, Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.', u'"In the past, they have identified the component parts, but now instead of identifying all the processors and chips, they\'re marketing it as the S1," said Sam Lionheart, a technical writer at iFixit.', u'"They\'re being a little more protective of their suppliers and taking credit for more than they\'re making in house, which isn\'t a crime, to make the technology seem a bit more innovative or revolutionary than it really is," she added.', u'Apple did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the design of the watch, or the rationale behind it.', u'The watch is the highest profile wearable technology that links wirelessly to phones, which has the potential to create a template for other firms that have struggled to create products consumers would want to be seen in.', u'The teardown found one chip outside the resin casing, possibly linked to wi-fi, but without a clear logo. It also revealed that Apple has used tri-wing screws, a relatively uncommon type of screw, making it more difficult to access the electronics.', u'After a four-hour attempt to unlock its secrets, the iFixit team will now take the sports watch purchased in Australia back to California for further testing.', u'(Additional reporting by Jane Wardell in SYDNEY; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Cheaper Robots, Fewer Workers'], [u'Faced with an acute and worsening ', u', China is rushing to develop and deploy a wide variety of robots for use in thousands of factories.', u'Waves of migrant workers from the countryside filled China\u2019s factories for the last three decades and helped make the nation the world\u2019s largest manufacturer. But many companies now find themselves struggling to hire enough workers. And for the scarce workers they do find, pay has more than quintupled in the last decade, to more than $500 a month in coastal provinces.', u'Chinese businesses and the government are responding by designing and starting to install large numbers of robots, with the goal of keeping factories running and expanding without necessarily causing a drop in overall employment.', u'Workers are scarce partly because of the government\u2019s \u201cone child\u201d policy and the rapid expansion of the university system.', u'Government rules limiting most couples to just one child halved the birthrate in China from 1987 to 2003. The birthrate then leveled off at a lower level per 1,000 residents than in the United States. So China has lots of workers in their late 20s, but an ever-shrinking supply of workers now entering the work force each year.', u'The main ages for factory labor in China and in other developing countries are 18 to 24. Compounding the labor shortage for China\u2019s manufacturing-intensive economy is that workers are staying in school longer \u2014 much longer. And following a Confucian tradition that the educated do not soil their hands with manual labor, graduates overwhelmingly refuse to accept factory work, except in supervisory, design or engineering positions.', u'As recently as 1997, China had only 3.2 million undergraduate students. With the Asian financial crisis that year, China began expanding its universities quickly, in an attempt to offset job losses among young people.', u'The expansion of universities has continued ever since, and 25.5 million undergraduates were enrolled by last December. Roughly a quarter of China\u2019s young people now attend at least some university, and the proportion is rising steadily.', u'A few low-tech industries, like garment manufacturing, are moving from China to places that still have very low wages, like Bangladesh. But many industries, particularly electronics, are still moving factories to China. That is because so many of the parts suppliers are now in China that it is often more costly to do assembly elsewhere.', u'So although building robots to replace workers is seldom cheap, a growing number of companies are finding it less costly than either paying ever-higher wages in China or moving to another country. ']), ([u"Review: Getting Your Apple Watch? Here's How to Use It"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Watches have arrived to the first group of people who had ordered one two weeks ago.', u"Those who haven't bought one yet will likely face a wait. Apple's retail stores won't have them, with the company taking orders over the Internet only \u2014 for delivery as late as July for some models.", u'Although a handful of other stores are carrying them, quantities are limited \u2014 and you have to make it to the store. Maxfield in Los Angeles is carrying the watch, along with boutique and department stores in Paris, London, Tokyo and Berlin and authorized resellers in China and Japan.', u"Whenever you get yours, get ready for a new way of interacting with your digital life. A better way? I'll need more time with the watch to say.", u'For now, I can offer some tips on using it:', u'___', u'SETTING UP', u'Update your ', u"'s software before starting. You need at least iOS 8.2. You also need the password for your Apple ID account.", u'Select your language on the watch and open the Apple Watch app on the iPhone. Hit "Start Pairing" on both devices. Here\'s where it gets fun: Use your iPhone camera to photograph the watch animation, which has an embedded code so the phone knows to connect to that specific watch. Follow the prompts on the phone app. At the screen for installing apps, choose "Install All" to get watch versions of apps already on your phone.', u'It took about 12 minutes for all my apps, contacts and calendar entries to sync. Use that time to watch video tutorials on your phone.', u'You can adjust watch settings by going to "My Watch" in the phone app. Don\'t spend too much time at first. See how the watch fits in with your lifestyle. Initially, notifications on the watch will match those on the phone. If that gets annoying, customize the settings so that some notifications go to the phone only. For email, you can designate specific contacts as VIPs and have only their messages reach your watch.', u'___', u'MOTION CONTROL', u"The watch borrows many gestures and controls from the phone, but that isn't always practical with a smaller screen. Getting used to the changes will take time.", u'A few tips:', u"\u2014 Lightly press the dial, known as the Digital Crown, to toggle between the watch face and the menu of apps. It's also typically how you exit apps. Double press to get your most recently used app. A hard press gets you Siri, Apple's voice assistant. Turn the dial to zoom, scroll or flip through menus. My instinct was to turn the dial like a knob, but it's easier to slide your finger over it, like rolling the wheel on a toy car.", u'\u2014 The other button gives you quick access to friends \u2014 favorites from your phone\'s contact list and what you add under "Friends" in the iPhone\'s watch app. You can call or message \u2014 or send doodles and vibrations if your friend has an Apple Watch. Double click this button to use Apple Pay at retail stores.', u'\u2014 Swipe down to get notifications. Swipe up to get Glances \u2014 highlights such as weather, calendar and stock quotes. Swipe left and right to go through the various Glances. The one on the far left is the settings, such as muting.', u'\u2014 Interact with icons and buttons by lightly tapping on the screen. A hard press, known as a Force Touch, will activate other functions. It changes from app to app, and the best way to learn is to try it and see what it does. Force Touch the watch face to choose other designs and options.', u"\u2014 For a screenshot, press both side buttons simultaneously\u2014 lightly, or it won't work. Images appear in your phone's Photos app.", u'___', u'READYING APPS', u"One of the Glances is for the Activity app. Go through the prompts so the watch can nag you when you've been sitting too long.", u'The watch uses the GPS sensor on your phone to measure distance during workouts. Without the phone, it counts steps, which tend to be inaccurate. However, if you walk or run with your phone a few times, the watch will calibrate those steps for better accuracy offline.', u"You can listen to music or view photos stored on the device. Go to the phone's Apple Watch app to choose playlists and albums to sync.", u'Go to "Passbook & Apple Pay" on the phone app to enable mobile payments at retail stores. You can then pay without the phone with you.', u"To add apps, visit the phone's Apple Watch app.", u'___', u'NEED MORE HELP?', u'Visit an Apple store. No appointment is needed. Besides the video tutorials, Apple is also offering free video chats online.']), ([u'With Amazon Atop the Cloud, Big Tech Rivals Are Giving Chase'], [u' unveiled the financial performance of its powerful growth engine for the first time on Thursday, and the numbers sure looked pretty \u2014 especially compared with big companies like ', u' and ', u' that are chasing it.', u'While Amazon is primarily known as an online retailer, its revenue and its stock market returns for years have been energized by an entirely different kind of commerce: renting processing power to start-ups and, increasingly, established businesses.', u'Amazon helped popularize the field \u2014 known as cloud computing \u2014 and largely had it to itself for years, an enormous advantage in an industry where rivals usually watch one another closely.', u'But the other tech powerhouses have since awoken to the fact that they were nowhere in a market that could soon be worth hundreds of billions of dollars. Microsoft, Amazon\u2019s crosstown rival, is especially committed to the challenge, and is in furious pursuit.', u'At the moment, there is no contest: Amazon is dominant and might even be extending its lead. Its resources, however, are fewer than most of its competitors, who have tens of billions of dollars stashed away. And if there is one thing that cloud computing demands, it is heavy investment to set up enormous data centers around the globe.', u'Amazon said in its ', u' that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion during the first three months of the year. What is more unusual at a company that often reports losses, the cloud business is generating substantial profits. The company said its operating income from AWS was $265 million.', u'That was more than many analysts had expected, and it drove Amazon shares up in after-hours trading by more than 6 percent. After a rough 2014 and an exuberant 2015, the stock is hovering near its all-time high.', u'Microsoft ranks a distant No. 2 in cloud computing. It is hard to precisely compare the two businesses because of how Microsoft reports its cloud results. ', u' that its annual revenue from its commercial cloud business would be $6.3 billion based on its recent performance, while Amazon said the comparable annual figure for AWS was $5.16 billion.', u'Microsoft, though, also includes revenue from different online applications into that figure. Its revenue from a cloud business called Azure, which is more directly comparable to Amazon\u2019s cloud services, was recently estimated by Deutsche Bank to be as little as one-tenth of that from AWS.', u'\u201cMicrosoft is a credible player,\u201d said Lydia Leong, an analyst at Gartner, the technology research firm. But, she added, \u201cAmazon is the most common platform for start-ups.\u201d', u'AWS began about a decade ago as a way to provide computing power to various divisions of Amazon. It worked so well internally that Amazon began offering it to start-ups that were struggling to scale themselves.', u'\u201cYou bought some box, waited weeks for someone to set it up and then started using it,\u201d said Matt McIlwain, a venture capitalist with Madrona Venture Group in Seattle. \u201cWith AWS you took out your credit card, started doing what you needed to do and paid by the hour. That won over the start-up community and the developer community.\u201d', u'Amazon concentrated, as it usually does, on expanding market share, which worked well.', u'Amazon executives have said they expect AWS to eventually rival the company\u2019s other businesses in size. The cloud business has been growing at about 40 percent a year, more than twice the rate of the overall company. Many Wall Street analysts have been hoping for a spinoff.', u'Over the last year, however, Google\u2019s cloud-computing service has started pressing AWS on pricing, hurting profitability. Amazon said it had cut prices dozens of times, which threatened to trim its revenue growth.', u'\u201cIf they just sell raw computing power, it\u2019s a nightmare business,\u201d said Tamim Saleh, a senior partner at the Boston Consulting Group.', u'The solution has been a rush to provide other services, including database software, analytics and even remote operation of desktop computers. These have generally been slow-growing businesses. Amazon has also increased its network of resellers, hoping to rival the kind of strategies Microsoft employed to promote Windows for business.', u'The big battleground is going to be the systems at the largest companies, which is also the largest potential cloud market.', u'\u201cEnterprise customers buy a certain way \u2014 they have compliance and contracting processes,\u201d Mr. McIlwain said. \u201cThey don\u2019t just adopt the newest, most innovative thing. And there are a whole bunch of incumbents, from IBM to HP, that already count those companies as customers.\u201d', u'Many big technology companies dozed through the early days of cloud computing, but most of them, especially Microsoft, have gotten religion by now. Microsoft\u2019s chief executive, Satya Nadella, previously ran its Azure cloud business. He has made building the cloud business a top priority.', u'Even though Microsoft\u2019s cloud business is smaller than Amazon\u2019s, it is still growing fast, more than doubling from last year. That is one of the brightest spots at a company still grappling with a slowdown in PC sales. On Thursday, Microsoft reported that its net income for its most recent quarter fell about 12 percent, to $4.99 billion, while revenue rose 6 percent, to $21.73 billion.', u'Analysts believe Microsoft has a better chance of persuading large businesses already using its software products to adopt its cloud services. Start-ups, though, could be more challenging. Many of them are too young to have invested heavily in Windows and other Microsoft products.', u'For them, Amazon has become synonymous with cloud computing, even though Microsoft has narrowed the technological gap with its offerings.', u'\u201cI think they have an uphill battle because there\u2019s this branding thing,\u201d said Ari Steinberg, chief executive of Vamo, an online travel start-up, referring to Microsoft. \u201cIt\u2019s basically the same, but because it\u2019s from Microsoft I kind of assumed it wouldn\u2019t be relevant to us.\u201d', u'In a conference call with reporters on Thursday afternoon, Amazon executives cited price cuts as crucial to AWS growth.', u'\u201cOur model long-term is to innovate and pass savings on to customers. Customers save a lot of money, but the primary motivator is for customers to move really quickly,\u201d said Brian Olsavsky, Amazon\u2019s incoming finance chief.', u'Over all, however, Amazon showed little immediate signs of profitability, something investors have been searching for. The company swung to a loss of 12 cents a share in the quarter, about as predicted, from a profit of 23 cents a share last year.', u'Revenue showed surprising growth, especially in light of the company\u2019s robust size, which makes large percentage gains more difficult. Revenue rose 15 percent to $22.72 billion, about $300 million more than expected.', u'As for Google, the cloud was barely mentioned in its ', u' on Thursday. Nor did the search giant offer any cloud numbers, making it impossible to gauge how well it is doing.', u'But the enthusiasm of Eric Schmidt, Google\u2019s executive chairman, was manifest when he spoke at an event for cloud software developers this week.', u'\u201cThe entire world will be defined by smartphones, Android or Apple, a very fast network, and cloud computing,\u201d he said, comparing the move to the cloud to the 20-year period in which Microsoft and Intel dominated computing, or the web revolution that created Google. \u201cThe space is very large, very vast, and no one is covering all of it.\u201d']), ([u'Tell Us What You Think'], [u'Thanks for using The Times\u2019s app on the Apple Watch. Please tell us what you like about it, and what you want to see.', u'Send an email to ', u'.']), ([u'Kleiner Perkins Seeks Nearly $1 Million From Ellen Pao'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, the venture capital firm, is offering a new deal to the former associate who unsuccessfully sued the firm, accusing it of ', u': Promise not to pursue this case any further or pay us $1 million.', u'The offer was made in papers filed this week in California Superior Court in San Francisco. The firm said the case, which drew an abundance of ', u' to its inner workings and the fate of women in Silicon Valley, cost it $972,815 in witness fees, deposition and court reporter costs.', u'As the ', u', Kleiner is asking the former associate, Ellen Pao, to reimburse it for these bills. But if she forgoes any appeal and lets the case die, the firm will forgive and forget, or at least move on.', u'\u201cWe believe that women in technology would be best served by having all parties focus on making progress on the issues of gender diversity outside of continued litigation,\u201d said Christina Lee, a Kleiner spokeswoman.', u'A jury at the end of March rejected all of Ms. Pao\u2019s claims. Legal fees, which must have been considerable on both sides, are not on the table.', u'Ms. Pao\u2019s chief lawyer, Alan Exelrod, did not return a call for comment. Ms. Pao has not said whether she will pursue an appeal, and the grounds on which she would do so are uncertain.', u'The judge in the case, Harold Kahn, made no obvious rulings that seemed to favor the defense. If anything, the opposite was true. He declined to allow testimony about Ms. Pao\u2019s husband, Alphonse Fletcher Jr., whose hedge fund is bankrupt.', u'Debra S. Katz, a Washington, D.C., lawyer who specializes in gender discrimination suits, said Kleiner sounded a little punitive.', u'\u201cIf Kleiner wanted to look classy, it could have said, \u2018This was hard fought and we obviously disagree with your view, but it\u2019s in the interest of all parties to walk away. In the meantime, there have been lessons learned and we are going to fund organizations that focus on glass ceiling issues,\u2019 \u201d Ms. Katz said.', u'The vast majority of the fees Kleiner is trying to recover are for witnesses. The fees for Paul Gompers, a professor at Harvard Business School, were $131,400, the filing says.', u'Other court filings revealed that last November, Kleiner had offered Ms. Pao $964,502 to settle, an amount based on the projected costs of the case.', u'By making that offer, Kleiner can now ask for witness fees, which unlike deposition fees are not normally recoverable. Ms. Pao never responded, although she might wish she had.']), ([u'Microsoft Profits Slip Less Than Projected, With Revenue Up 6%'], [u'SEATTLE \u2014 No one was expecting big things from ', u' in its most recent quarter, but its results ended up being far less grim than the worst case scenarios predicted for the company.', u' its profit fell about 12 percent while revenue rose 6 percent.', u'The lackluster results for the company\u2019s fiscal third quarter, which ended March 31, stemmed from a combination of factors, including foreign currency fluctuations that crimped overseas sales and unflattering comparisons to last year\u2019s results. Last year, Microsoft phased out technical support for its old Windows XP operating system, resulting in a temporary flurry of shopping for new software by customers.', u'Then there are the deeper issues with the PC market, which is suffering from a gradual, multiyear descent to new sales lows. Microsoft is working on a new operating system, Windows 10, expected out later this year, that could give PC sales a lift.', u'It also dreams that Windows 10 will improve its fortunes in the high-growth smartphone business and promising new markets like augmented-reality headsets.', u'For now, Microsoft is in a lull, as its numbers showed. The company reported net income of $4.99 billion, or 61 cents a share, down from $5.66 billion, or 68 cents a share, in the same period a year ago.', u'Revenue rose to $21.73 billion from $20.4 billion a year ago, Microsoft said. Wall Street analysts were especially pleased that Microsoft exceeded their profit forecasts. The average estimate of analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters was for earnings of 51 cents a share and revenue of $21.06 billion.', u'Microsoft shares jumped more than 3 percent in after-hours trading.', u'Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets, said that Wall Street was expecting to give Microsoft a C grade for the quarter after the company delivered disappointing results over the holiday period. He said the company ended up delivering a B-plus performance, adding that \u201cit appears Microsoft is back on the right track after a head-scratching performance last quarter.\u201d', u'While Microsoft has diversified its business greatly in recent years so that Windows is no longer the foundation of the company, the malaise in the PC market is still a problem for it. During the first three months of the year, PC shipments declined 5.2 percent from the same period a year before, according to Gartner.', u'That is a lot better than the double-digit declines the market was suffering from not long ago, but it\u2019s still not a happy story. Much of the slowdown reflects a shift in enthusiasm among technology shoppers toward smartphones and tablets, where Microsoft is weak.', u'A bright spot for Microsoft was the growth in its cloud business, a catchall category that includes Office applications that are sold as subscriptions and its Azure business, through which it rents computing capacity in Microsoft data centers to clients. The company said its commercial cloud revenue grew 106 percent during the quarter, and amounts to a $6.3 billion annual business based on its recent performance.']), ([u'Defying the Odds, Hubble Telescope Still Going Strong After 25 Years'], [u'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. \u2014  NASA on Thursday marked the silver anniversary of the ', u' with fireworks, of a celestial kind, conveyed by the orbiting observatory itself.', u"To commemorate Hubble's launch on April 24, 1990, NASA selected a picture of a stellar nursery located about 20,000 light-years away in the constellation Carina. (", u')', u'"This is really an exciting week for astronomers and people who love astronomy all over the world," said Hubble scientist Jennifer Wiseman at a televised anniversary celebration at the Newseum in Washington, DC.', u"From its orbital perch 340 miles (547 km) above Earth, Hubble's sharp eye can distinguish individual stars in the cluster, which is teeming with about 3,000 newborns. With its infrared vision, Hubble also can peep inside cocoons of dust and gas where even more stars are forming.", u"Learning about the lifecycle of stars was one of the reasons Hubble was built. By operating above distortions and blocking effects of Earth's atmosphere, astronomers hoped to look farther back in time, at generations of stars and galaxies that formed closer to the Big Bang, some 13.7 billion years ago.", u"The 50-year development effort nearly ended after Hubble's launch, when NASA discovered a manufacturing flaw in the telescope's 94-inch (2.4-meter) diameter mirror. Corrective optics, installed by space-walking astronauts, saved the day in 1993, the first of five servicing calls by ", u' crews.', u'"We never thought it would last this long," said NASA administrator and former astronaut Charlie Bolden, the pilot on the mission that launched Hubble.', u"Many of the telescope's most important discoveries turned out to be in areas that didn't even exist when it was launched. Hubble's observations of a particular kind of exploded star helped astronomers realize that the pace of the universe's expansion is ramping up, propelled by some unknown force referred to as 'dark energy.'", u"Hubble also has imaged a planet beyond the solar system and scanned other planets' atmospheres for telltale chemical fingerprints. The first so-called exoplanet was discovered in 1992, two years after Hubble's launch.", u'"Hubble has fundamentally changed our human understanding of our universe," Bolden said.', u'NASA hopes to keep Hubble operating through 2020 to overlap with its infrared successor, the James Webb Space Telescope, due to launch in October 2018.', u'(Reporting by Irene Klotz; Editing by James Dalgleish)']), ([u'Amazon Swings to Small Loss While Revenue Jumps 15%'], [u' resumed its money-losing ways in the first quarter, even though it sold a lot of things.', u'The retailer lost 12 cents a share for a net loss of $57 million, as revenue rose 15 percent \u2014 a little more steeply than expected, especially in light of the company\u2019s size \u2014 to $22.72 billion.', u'Analysts had projected a loss of 13 cents a share on revenue of $22.39 billion, according to Thomson Financial. Last year, Amazon had a profit of 23 cents a share in the first quarter.', u'The stock price, which tends to be highly volatile after earnings reports, immediately fell before rising again.', u'For the first time, the web retailer broke out numbers for Amazon Web Services, the cloud computing division that previously had been buried in the category \u201cother.\u201d Amazon more or less invented cloud computing, which is expected to become a $100 billion market as established companies rent processing power instead of setting up their own data centers.', u'AWS had net sales of $1.57 billion in the first quarter, up 49 percent from $1.05 billion in the first quarter of 2014.', u'\u201cAmazon Web Services is a $5 billion business and still growing fast \u2014 in fact it\u2019s accelerating,\u201d Jeff Bezos, founder and chief executive of Amazon.com, said in a ', u'.', u'Analysts were estimating that Amazon Web Services, which is growing at about 40 percent a year, had annual revenues of as much as $6 billion. Microsoft\u2019s Azure, the company\u2019s cloud computing platform, is in second place, but far behind.', u'\u201cThere is no debate over the fact that AWS has much greater scale and better brand awareness than Azure and is further along the path to offering premium services on top of core compute capacity,\u201d Karl Keirstead, an analyst with Deutsche Bank, wrote in a report this week.', u'Amazon Web Services revenue is growing fast enough that ultimately there would be regulatory requirements to disclose it. Amazon, which tries to reveal the minimum about how it works, merely said the current moment was \u201cappropriate.\u201d', u'Shares in Amazon usually move forcefully after the earnings release \u2014 often down, but strikingly up after fourth-quarter results were announced three months ago. The stock has risen about 25 percent since then. In regular trading Thursday, the stock barely moved.', u'The sustained rise was enough for Colin Gillis of BGC Partners to downgrade the retailer this week to \u201chold.\u201d', u'\u201cThe company is going to sustain its investment cycle regardless of overall profitability,\u201d he wrote, adding that he was \u201cbroadly more positive\u201d on its overall prospective \u2014 just not at these prices.']), ([u'At $17.3 Billion, Google\u2019s Quarterly Revenue Rose 12 Percent'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 If you wanted to sum up the technology industry\u2019s flurry of recent earnings reports, the following would suffice: more mobile, more video. So it was with ', u', but it has come at a cost.', u'During its first-quarter earnings call on Thursday, the search giant tried to assuage analysts\u2019 long-running concern that its growth is slowing because mobile phones, with their tiny screens that can be clumsy to click through, are a less lucrative advertising medium than the desktop computers with which the ', u' empire was built.', u'In doing so, Patrick Pichette, the company\u2019s chief financial officer, who is leaving, noted that Google\u2019s ', u' video site has been growing fast but for now is simply a less lucrative business than Google\u2019s highly targeted search ads.', u'\u201cAs you know, video ads generally reach people earlier in the purchase funnel, and so across the industry they tend to have a different pricing profile\u201d than that of search ads, he said.', u'Adding to his statements about YouTube\u2019s lower ad prices, Mr. Pichette said that Google\u2019s overall ad rates grew across desktop and mobile searches. Google does not detail YouTube\u2019s quarterly performance.', u'Those words gave a little extra color to what has become the second act of the Google story. The company continues to grow at an impressive clip for any company, and particularly impressive for one with close to $70 billion in revenue. But virtually every new business will look pedestrian compared with the fine-tuned profit engine of its original desktop search box.', u'By any measure, there are worse problems. Google on Thursday ', u' of $17.3 billion, up 12 percent over the same period last year. That figure was driven substantially downward by the strong dollar. Absent currency fluctuations, revenues would have been up 17 percent.', u'Google missed Wall Street\u2019s expectations for the sixth time in the last nine quarters. Net revenue, which excludes payments to the company\u2019s advertising partners, was $13.9 billion, up from $12.2 billion. Analysts had expected net revenue of $14.04 billion, according to Bloomberg.', u'Net income in the first quarter, which ended March 31, was $3.6 billion, or $5.20 a share, compared with $3.5 billion, or $5.04 a share.', u'Excluding the cost of stock options and related tax benefits, Google\u2019s profit was $6.57 a share, compared with $6.27 a year ago. Analysts had expected $6.63 a share.', u'Google shares were up about 3 percent in after-hours trading.', u'In its annual proxy statement, filed separately on Thursday, Google said that its chief business officer, Omid Kordestani, an early Google employee who returned to the company from a consulting role last year, was its highest paid officer, with $130 million pay package, most of that in stock that vests over four years.', u'The figure dwarfs the $70 million package Google gave to its incoming chief financial officer, Ruth Porat, who will join the company in a month.', u'Google remains the dominant search engine by far, but its competitors are not ceding the market.', u'Last year, Yahoo struck a deal to replace Google as the default search engine on Firefox browsers, which is the primary reason Google\u2019s share of desktop searches in the United States fell to 64.4 percent in the first quarter of 2015, down 3.1 percentage points from a year ago, according to data from RBC Capital Markets and comScore.', u'Carrying a dominant market share comes with other problems. Last week, after a five-year investigation, Europe\u2019s ', u' that accused the company of abusing its competitive position in search by diverting traffic from rivals and favoring its own products instead.', u'Google could face a fine of around $6 billion \u2014 not much for a company with $65 billion in cash sitting around \u2014 as well as demands that it change its business practices.', u'That is only one of several potential headaches. The European Commission said it would continue to \u201cactively investigate\u201d Google on three other matters related to its search business, including some of the restrictions it places on advertisers and complaints that it copies its rivals\u2019 web content for its own use. The commission also said it had opened a formal antitrust investigation of Google\u2019s Android mobile software.', u'Investors are worried that further regulation \u2014 or the threat of it \u2014 will make it harder for Google to compete or go after big acquisitions, said Benjamin Schachter, an analyst with Macquarie Securities. Neither he nor any other analyst asked about regulation during Thursday\u2019s conference call, apparently because they figured Google would refuse to reveal anything insightful on the matter.', u'Colin Gillis, an analyst at BGC Partners, reflected on regulation with a haiku: \u201cInterference by / Bureaucratic government / Can cause years of pain.\u201d', u'Europe is moving against Google just as investors are starting to worry that the company\u2019s core business is slowing in the face of increased competition from social media companies like Facebook, along with a constellation of mobile applications.', u'Mobile phones have been a big source of Google\u2019s recent growth, helping the company\u2019s advertising clicks increase 13 percent over the quarter a year ago.', u'However, the \u201ccost per click\u201d \u2014 the amount Google gets paid, on average, each time someone clicks on an ad \u2014 has fallen for several years. The rate fell 7 percent in the first quarter from the same period a year ago, primarily because of YouTube\u2019s growth.']), ([u'Remotely Controlling the DVR'], [u' ', u'. As with any mobile app that is acting erratically, make sure you have both the latest version of the ', u' and the most recent iOS update from ', u' installed on the iPhone \u2014 and that the app is actually compatible with your phone\u2019s version of iOS. If the app and the phone are up to date, ', u' on your iPhone. You can also try ', u'.', u'If the crashing problem persists, Time Warner Cable does have a ', u'. The site also has a page to ', u' you need to log into the app so you can manage the DVR or stream live TV on your phone.', u'If all else fails with the iOS app, you may be able to ', u' instead. Time Warner Cable includes the ', u' tool on the My TV tab of your ', u'.', u'The company also maintains a ', u' for viewing your channel content and setting the DVR through a desktop web browser, but the site requires the Adobe Flash Player \u2014 software that is not supported on Apple\u2019s iOS system. As a no-frills alternative for simply setting the DVR to grab a show, Time Warner Cable\u2019s old mobile webpage for DVR management may still do the trick; it can be found at ', u' and it works in the iPhone\u2019s Safari browser.', u' Windows 7 comes with tools to ', u' with ', u' in the computer\u2019s CD or DVD drive, but Microsoft also has ', u' to install Windows 7 on a USB flash drive. This drive can then be plugged in to ', u' when the version of Windows 7 on the computer is unable to function properly. In addition to a spare USB drive, you also need the 25-character ', u' that came with your copy of Windows 7.', u'After you enter the product key, you can download a disc image of Windows 7 to use for creating a bootable USB drive. As Microsoft\u2019s page explains, you also need the free ', u' so you can install Windows 7 directly on the USB drive.', u'Microsoft\u2019s method results in a USB drive with a working copy of Windows 7 that can be used to boot up and troubleshoot the ailing computer. Other Windows-focused sites and blogs have their own tips for fixing a PC that won\u2019t start properly. For example, the 7Tutorials site has ', u' for installing the Windows 7 System Recovery tools onto a flash drive, and the ', u' site ', u' to install the files from a Windows 7 Recovery Disc onto a USB drive. (As with all do-it-yourself projects, though, you should proceed at your own risk.)', u'As for the life span of Windows 7 itself, do not expect any new features or enhancements to the operating system, as Microsoft ended mainstream support for it in January. Windows 7 will continue to receive extended support for security patches and critical updates for a few years longer, though. ', u', the extended support phase is scheduled to end on Jan. 14, 2020. If upgrading to Windows 8.1 does not appeal to you, remember that ', u' is due later this year and will be ', u' during its first 12 months of release.']), ([u'Microsoft Coy on Cloud Profit After Amazon Delivers'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO/CHICAGO \u2014  Amazon.com Inc surprised investors on Thursday by disclosing for the first time that it makes a profit from its fast-growing cloud-computing business.', u'Microsoft, its closest rival in that arena, also touted a fast-growing cloud business, but held back on key numbers, leaving investors with as many questions as answers.', u"Analysts honed in on Azure, Microsoft's cloud-computing platform, in a conference call on Thursday after earnings, but Microsoft executives avoided specific answers.", u'"The lack of disclosure on Azure profitability is conspicuous by its absence," said Todd Lowenstein, a portfolio manager at HighMark Capital. Amazon\'s disclosures "will put pressure on Microsoft to disclose more and lift up the kimono."', u"Amazon said on Thursday its Amazon Web Services operation - which sells computing power, storage and other services on its own servers - took in $1.57 billion in revenue in the quarter and profit of $265 million, indicating a 17 percent operating profit margin, above most investors' assumptions.", u'Microsoft said only that revenue from Azure - which provides similar services to AWS but is also a much broader platform - was growing. It did say that total commercial cloud revenue, which includes online versions of its Office and Dynamics applications, more than doubled, and is now running at a rate of $6.3 billion in revenue per year.', u"One analyst asked Microsoft Chief Executive Satya Nadella if Amazon's cloud profitability set a benchmark for Microsoft, but he did not bite.", u'"I don\'t think the comparison between Azure and AWS is true for me," said Nadella. He suggested that Azure\'s broader range of services meant the margins on Microsoft\'s cloud business were more of a mix, without giving any specifics.', u"Microsoft may have more time than Amazon to show a profit from the cloud, given that the world's largest software company is already highly profitable from its traditional lines of business. Amazon, which only fitfully yields an overall profit from its massive online retail business, has been under much greater scrutiny to provide details on its cloud unit.", u'"There was more pressure for Amazon to do that versus Microsoft, given their model," said Daniel Ives, an analyst at FBR Capital Markets. "The Street is laser-focused on top-line growth for the coming year and for Nadella the focus should be on cloud growth and Windows 10."', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby in San Francisco and Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Diane Craft)']), ([u"Software Developer Apigee's IPO Priced at $17 Per Share"], [u'(Reuters) - Software developer Apigee Corp said its initial public offering has been priced at $17 per share, the midpoint of an expected range of $16-$18.', u'The price means the company will raise about $87 million from the IPO of 5.1 million shares, and it values the company at about $494.5 million.', u'The San Jose-based company develops products such as Apigee Edge and Apigee Insight, which provide tools to help companies manage their Internet applications and data.', u'The company\'s shares are expected to start trading on Friday on the Nasdaq under the symbol "APIC".', u"Apigee's IPO will follow the Wall Street listings of online storage company Box Inc and web-hosting company GoDaddy Inc.", u"Venture capital firm Norwest Venture Partners is Apigee's largest shareholder with a 26.2 percent stake. Bay Partners holds a 18.6 percent stake.", u"Apigee's revenue rose about 22 percent to $52.7 million in the year ended July 31, 2014. Its net loss widened to $60.8 million from $25.9 million, a year earlier.", u'Morgan Stanley, JPMorgan and Credit Suisse are among the underwriters for the offering.', u'(Reporting by Sudarshan Varadhan and Manya Venkatesh in Bengaluru; Editing by Alan Crosby and Leslie Adler)']), ([u"Microsoft Results Show Company's Shift, but Is It Enough?"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Microsoft is changing its business. The question is whether it's changing fast enough.", u"The tech giant showed some progress Thursday, reporting better-than-expected quarterly earnings and more growth in its relatively new cloud computing segment. CEO Satya Nadella has been investing in new services and redesigning Microsoft's most popular programs for smartphones and other mobile gadgets.", u"But a continuing slump in the PC industry has caused Microsoft's stock to flounder in recent months, marking the end of a honeymoon year in which shares rose steadily after Nadella took the reins in February 2014. Microsoft's latest report shows another decline in profit and revenue from the company's flagship Windows software for personal computers.", u'Wall Street analysts say 2015 is the year Nadella needs to show his strategy is making a difference.', u'"He needs to not just talk the talk, but walk the walk," said FBR Capital Markets analyst Daniel Ives, who\'s been a fan of Nadella\'s moves to overhaul a company best-known for its PC software. He called the quarterly report "a big step in the right direction."', u"Microsoft's financial results underscore the importance of Nadella's efforts. Revenue from cloud computing has grown rapidly, as more businesses are paying to use software housed in Microsoft's data centers. The Redmond, Washington-based company says it's on track to log more than $6 billion in cloud sales this year.", u'But Microsoft still relies heavily on selling traditional software, which contributed the largest part of its $21.7 billion in sales for the quarter. While overall revenue increased, thanks to sales by the newly acquired Nokia phone business, the company saw a 26 percent drop in Windows licensing revenue for consumer PCs and a 19 percent drop in licensing for business PCs.', u"Demand for new PCs is expected to fall in 2015 for the fourth consecutive year, according to International Data Corp. Microsoft blamed weak demand, along with a strong dollar overseas, when it issued a forecast in January for lower revenue than analysts had expected. That sent Microsoft's stock tumbling more than 10 percent in one day.", u'After peaking at $50.05 last November, Microsoft Corp. shares have traded below $43 recently. The stock closed Thursday at $43.34 and rose almost 4 percent in extended trading after the earnings report.', u"Microsoft is hoping for a boost later this year when it releases a redesigned version of Windows with new features for PCs and mobile devices. And Nadella has taken other steps to get Microsoft's software into the hands of consumers who prefer smartphones and tablets.", u'That includes offering Windows at steep discounts for manufacturers to use in lower-priced tablets and laptops. This may hurt revenue near term, but Bernstein Research analyst Mark Moerdler says it should pay off eventually by getting more people to use Microsoft products like the Bing search engine and Office 365 programs for documents, spreadsheets and mail.', u'Similarly, Microsoft has released new Office apps for devices that run on rival operating systems from Apple and Google. While the apps are free for consumers, Microsoft hopes to gain revenue by charging for extra services and versions for business users.', u'The strategy makes sense, said Forrester analyst Ted Schadler. But he cautioned, "this kind of structural transition takes a long time."']), ([u"Rise of e-Commerce Poses Safety Concern for China's Air Transport: IATA"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's booming e-commerce industry and the ability of the country's small businesses to export hazardous materials are posing a safety concern for the country's air transport industry, the head of the International Air Transport Association warned on Thursday.", u'Ensuring the safe transport of lithium batteries is of particularly importance, due to the complex supply chains involved, IATA Director General and CEO Tony Tyler told an industry forum in Beijing.', u'"Disappointingly, we are seeing some wilful non-compliance in the area of lithium batteries, particularly in China," Tyler said.', u'"It would be a shame if China\'s exemplary safety record were compromised because of such negligence."', u'Boeing Co warned in March that high-density packages of lithium batteries like those used in cell phones and laptops pose fire risks and should not be carried on passenger planes until safer methods for carrying them are developed.', u'The risk is "continually increasing and requires action to be taken," the aircraft maker said.', u'However, Chinese aviation officials stressed the safety record of Chinese airlines. Over the past five years, Chinese carriers beat world averages for safety, despite double-digit annual growth of passenger volume, Wu Chengchang, safety chief of the Civil Aviation Administration of China said.', u"The country's air passenger volume has been rising by 11.1 percent annually during 2010-2014, but its accident rate for each one million hours was merely 0.03, significantly lower than the world average to 0.2, Wu added.", u'Major accidents per one million flights stood at 0.07, also better than world average of 0.39, during the period, he added.', u"Tyler also called for better coordination between the country's civil aviation authority and the military to minimize the impact of military exercises on civilian airline service.", u'China has been scrambling to build airports across the country to keep pace with its fast-growing civil aviation market, but its military-controlled airspace has made flight delays the norm.', u"Military drills can also be a big headache. In July 2014, drills led to a near shutdown of 20 airports in eastern China, with air traffic capacity falling by as much as three-quarters at Shanghai's two main airports.", u'Earlier in the month, China announced a plan to open 10 new air corridors to help ease chronic air traffic congestion and address the problem of frequent flight delays.', u'(Reporting by Fang Yan and Matthew Miller; Editing by Vincent Baby)']), ([u'Kleiner Perkins Seeks Almost $1 Million in Costs in Pao Case'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers is seeking to recover about $973,000 in costs from a high profile gender discrimination trial that captivated Silicon Valley, according to a court filing on Thursday.', u"A jury cleared Kleiner Perkins in March of claims it short-circuited former partner Ellen Pao's career because she is a woman. The trial helped spark a wide discussion about gender at the center of the U.S. technology industry.", u"Kleiner has offered to waive its legal costs should Pao choose not to appeal, according to firm spokeswoman Christina Lee. Kleiner's costs request includes about $865,000 in expert witness fees, the court filing said.", u'"We believe that women in technology would be best served by having all parties focus on making progress on the issues of gender diversity outside of continued litigation," Lee said in a statement.', u'Pao and her legal team are considering the proposal, said Heather Wilson, a spokeswoman for Pao.', u'Pao, now interim chief executive at social-news service Reddit, claimed her standing at Kleiner Perkins crumbled after she ended a brief affair with a partner. Her career deteriorated after he and Kleiner Perkins started retaliating against her in a climate that was overall unfriendly toward women, her lawyers argued.', u"After the verdict, three jurors told Reuters they had focused on Pao's increasingly negative performance reviews, which undermined her argument that she deserved to be promoted.", u"Kleiner's offer to withdraw its costs request in exchange for an end to the case, is common when defendants prevail in employment lawsuits. Should Pao decide to pursue an appeal, her case would be heard by California's First District Court of Appeal.", u'According to Westlaw data, out of 49 decisions involving discrimination and retaliation over the past two years, the First District affirmed 26 of 31 cases where the employer won in the trial court, or 84 percent. Only five cases were reversed.', u'Meanwhile the court, which covers San Francisco and 11 other Northern California counties, handed victory to employers in more than half of the cases they lost in the lower courts, reversing 10 of 18 cases.', u'(Additional reporting by Sarah McBride, editing by Andrew Hay, David Gregorio, Grant McCool)']), ([u'Logitech Moves Away From Computer Mouse, Looks to Wireless'], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  Gadget maker Logitech International SA said on Thursday quarterly operating profit fell 34 percent on steep currency declines and shrinking demand for accessories like the computer mouse on which it built its global brand name.', u'Nonetheless, strong demand for newer music and video accessories helped profits to come in higher than all analyst  forecasts.', u'Logitech has refocused on new lines like wireless music speakers, videoconferencing and video game controllers, offsetting a decline in personal computers and demand for the mice and keyboards it has made since the dawn of the PC age.', u'Towards that end, Logitech said it will exit a low-margin business that mainly makes computer mice for PC makers to sell as their own. Sales there fell 26 percent in the latest quarter.', u'It reported operating profit of $14.5 million  for the quarter ended March 31, compared to $21.8 million a year ago, due to pockets of sales strength, lower costs and fewer restructuring charges. Net sales in the March quarter fell 4.7 percent to $467.2 million, at the high of estimates.', u'Logitech has at best managed slow sales growth for six of the past seven years. However, underlying demand for new products and action to cut costs and raise prices are positioning it for sustained growth in coming years, it said.', u'Shares of the Lausanne-based company traded up 4.4 percent at 1450 GMT (10.50a.m. EDT) on the Zurich stock exchange following the report, leading gains on the 25-component STOXX Europe 600 Technology index.', u'PRICE HIKES PLANNED', u'Once Logitech exits the declining computer mouse manufacturing business, underlying sales results from are set to show sustained sales growth in constant currency terms, Chief Executive Bracken Darrell said in an interview.', u'"This (retail business) is going to be the bulk of our business going forward," Darrell said. "What we are announcing today is the simplifying of our story."', u"Excluding currency swings, sales nudged up 1 percent. Logitech's retail business, which generates 90 percent of sales, grew 7 percent in constant currency. Importantly, newer growth categories on which it is betting its future business, grew 45 percent and now make up nearly one-third of its retail business.", u'"Logitech is not the same company as before. If you look at the retail market strategy, it is working," said Mirabaud analyst Mark Diethelm, who holds a "Buy" rating on the stock.', u'Darrell, who has moved Logitech into new product lines while cutting costs in older product areas, said Logitech was prepared to increase prices to offset currency declines.', u'"We are raising prices around the world," Darrell told Reuters, referring to markets outside the United States. The price increases will take effect in this quarter," he said.', u'The CEO said he believes the company commands pricing power in many of its accessory lines including what is now its best-selling product line -- wireless Bluetooth speakers. It plans to raise prices around 11 to 13 percent in Europe, for example.', u'(Reporting by Ismail Shakil and Narottam Medhora in Bengaluru; Editing by Keith Weir)']), ([u"China's Smartphone Makers Bet on Cricket, Bollywood to Conquer India"], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  China's smartphone makers are drafting in cricket teams and Bollywood stars to conquer India, their largest overseas market and a key testing ground for their international expansion, as they try to rebrand as more than just sellers of cheap handsets.", u'Xiaomi Technology - the fast-growing No.3 global smartphone maker valued at $45 billion after a December funding round - hosted its first global launch outside of China in New Delhi on Thursday, unveiling its feature-heavy Mi 4i model that supports six Indian languages at 12,999 rupees ($205).', u'"It speaks volumes to our focus on India, our intentions, and (is about) really putting our investment where we believe the future of the company is," Hugo Barra, Xiaomi\'s vice president of international operations, said.', u'And they are not alone. Manufacturers including Gionee, Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL] and Lenovo are trying out new retail strategies, marketing plans and research for devices in India, as they look to push into new markets.', u'Huawei and Gionee, for instance, are sponsoring franchises in the Indian Premier League, a wildly popular cricket tournament, while Lenovo and Oppo have adverts featuring movie heartthrobs Ranbir Kapoor and Hrithik Roshan as they try to build brand appeal among ordinary Indians.', u"India is the world's third-largest smartphone market, but with just one in 10 people using such handsets still has huge growth potential.", u"Chinese smartphone makers are in many cases unknown outside India's larger cities, but they are beginning to win market share from better known rivals such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and even homegrown Micromax, which in the fourth quarter became the country's leading handset supplier.", u'With growth saturating at home, companies from China and Taiwan have either entered or ramped up India operations over the past year. Six were among the top 20 smartphone vendors in the December quarter.', u"Based on shipments data tracked by research firm Canalys, the top five Chinese smartphone companies and Taiwan's Asustek Computer Inc together accounted for 13 percent of shipments in the period.", u'SALES PLANS', u'Fast growth and cut-throat competition has forced the new Chinese entrants to intensify their sales push, adapting plans previously tried out in China to suit local customers.', u"Xiaomi [XTC.UL], a five-year-old company known as China's Apple, entered India in July last year through a tie-up with online retailer Flipkart. It later partnered a leading electronics retail chain with a pan-India presence to boost its sales.", u"Arvind Vohra, head of Chinese manufacturer Gionee's India operations said, said he was focused on physical distribution, and would only then go online. Gionee sold 4 million devices and made almost $500 million in sales in the year ended March.", u'"There was a huge challenge with the stigma attached to Chinese brands initially," said Rushabh Doshi, a Singapore-based analyst at research firm Canalys.', u'"A lot of new vendors are testing out online retail first, trying to see if the brand is picking up in India and then ramping up their operations based on the feedback they get from the consumer base."', u'Industry watchers say that now a focus on research and local production will help Chinese firms offer high-end features at low cost, positioning them well in a market that will grow at around 36 percent a year over the next five years, according to consulting firm Zinnov.', u'Gionee, which was among the first Chinese device makers to enter India, has 1,200 employees working on R&D and expects to set up a manufacturing base in India.', u'For Xiaomi, the research on the processor used in the Mi 4i was led by a team in Bengaluru. The company could also make the phone locally once it sets up a manufacturing presence here, Barra said.', u'"(The Mi 4i) is not a Chinese design that is imported to India, this is a product that is designed with this market in mind," he said.', u'($1 = 62.9300 Indian rupees)', u'(Editing by Christopher Cushing and Alex Richardson)']), ([u'EU Court Upholds LCD Panel Cartel Fine for LG Display'], [u"BRUSSELS \u2014  The European Court of Justice upheld on Thursday a 210 million euro ($224.8 million) fine imposed on South Korea's LG Display for participating in a cartel of LCD panel makers between 2001 and 2006.", u"LG Display, whose largest shareholder is LG Electronics, was initially fined 215 million euros. The EU's General Court cut the fine by 5 million euros last year.", u"LG Display then appealed, seeking a greater reduction of the fine. It argued that the Commission, in calculating the fine, should not have taken into account panel sales to the company's then parents LG Electronics and Philips.", u'It said those sales could not have been affected by the cartel as they were made at a preferential price.', u'However, the court said that these should be considered as sales to independent third parties.', u'It added that the fine should be determined by overall sales on the market affected by the infringement, irrespective of whether the prices of those sales were or were not affected by the cartel.', u'Philips sold off its stake in LG Display in 2008, until when the company was called LG Philips LCD', u'In total, the European Commission set fines in 2010 of 648.9 million euros for six Korean and Taiwanese panel producers. Samsung was exempted from a fine as it was the first to provide information about the cartel.', u"The largest fine, of 300 million euros, was imposed on Innolux. It has also appealed against its fine, which was trimmed last year to 288 million euros. The court's advisor is set to give an opinion on that case on April 30.", u'(Reporting By Philip Blenkinsop; editing by Robert-Jan Bartunek)']), ([u"Metroweb's State Owner Rejects Telecom Italia Proposal: Sources"], [u"MILAN/ROME \u2014  The state owner of Italy's Metroweb has rejected a proposal by Telecom Italia to take a stake in the broadband company and gradually reach full ownership, according to two people close to the matter and an email seen by Reuters.", u'The latest twist in long-running talks between Telecom Italia and state lender Cassa Depositi e Presititi (CDP) could favor Vodafone, which has also set its sight on the broadband firm.', u'The battle for Metroweb, controlled by infrastructure fund F2i and CDP through its investment arm Fondo Strategico Italiano (FSI), is politically sensitive because Prime Minister Matteo Renzi considers it a building block for a 12 billion euro ($13 billion) plan to roll out faster networks.', u'"CDP and FSI are not in the condition to go ahead ... at terms outlined in the MOU (memorandum of understanding) draft sent by Telecom Italia," FSI head Maurizio Tamagnini told Telecom Italia CEO Marco Patuano in an April 21 email seen by Reuters and leaked to Italian newspapers.', u'It was not clear whether the rejection puts an end to negotiations between Telecom Italia and CDP.', u'Under its proposal, Telecom Italia would initially take a 40 percent voting stake in Metroweb and bring it to 100 percent over five years as it carries out investments to bring fiber cables close to the homes in 250 cities, one source said.', u"Talks with Telecom Italia over Metroweb had already hit a stumbling block earlier this year due to disagreements over the ownership structure of a deal, and the phone company's chairman, Giuseppe Recchi, said in February the board had concluded that conditions were not yet right for an agreement.", u'Metroweb is 53.8 percent owned by F2i and 46.2 percent by CDP unit FSI. CDP also owns a stake in F2i.', u'Rivals Telecom Italia and Vodafone have set their sights on the company as they seek to meet growing consumer demand for bandwidth-consuming services.', u'CDP has said that Telecom Italia could buy a majority stake in Metroweb but it would rather have other phone operators, such as Vodafone, also as shareholders.', u'The presence of other operators is something Telecom Italia is not willing to accept.', u'(Additional reporting by Luca Trogni; Editing by Pravin Char)']), ([u'German Engineers Need Software to Head Off Technology Firms'], [u"FRANKFURT \u2014  If customers of Germany's Harting Group, a maker of industrial plugs and sockets, want bespoke products, they can buy them -- if they're prepared to assemble them from a kit themselves.", u"Volker Franke, the head of Harting's assembly systems and machine tools business, is working hard to change that. His team is developing an automated production line that takes orders online and makes plugs to a customer's individual specification.", u'Harting is one of a growing number of German firms investing in software, fearing their excellence in mechanical precision and reliability -- the trademarks of "Made in Germany" valued by factory owners around the world -- will not be enough to guarantee them success for much longer.', u"As computerized technology becomes an ever greater part of industrial processes, Internet companies are starting to eclipse low-cost Chinese manufacturers as German engineers' main worry.", u'With the likes of Google investing heavily in robotics and automated driving, the fear is engineers will be relegated to selling generic hardware, while software firms make it rich with the technology that makes the machinery smart.', u'"Right now there are makers of factory equipment and those who buy, operate and look after it. Who guarantees that it stays that way?" asked Franke during a Reuters visit to Harting\'s headquarters in Espelkamp, northwest Germany.', u'"It could be that somebody will squeeze their way between the two, telling the equipment user he won\'t have to bother about what type of machines to use any more. This service provider will be from the digital world," he said.', u"Companies that can master vast amounts of data such as Google, SAP, Amazon, EMC Corp's cloud-computing division Pivotal and Teradata Corp could all open up the breach, industry analysts believe.", u'Advisory firms such as IBM and Cap Gemini and software makers such as Oracle and Microsoft could also be winners from an industrial Internet revolution, potentially to the detriment of engineers.', u'"Companies that provide database and analytical tools -- such as IT companies or system integrators -- could gather technical parameters in mechanical engineering regardless of the brand of the machine," said Michael Ruessmann, a partner at The Boston Consulting Group with a focus on information technology.', u'INDUSTRIE 4.0', u'The stakes are particularly high for Germany.', u"Europe's biggest economy depends on manufacturing for a larger share of ", u' than any of its western European neighbors or the United States, with tens of thousands of family-owned businesses -- the so-called Mittelstand -- the bedrock of its export-driven success.', u'The German government is alive to the danger.', u'In 2013, it launched its "Industrie 4.0" initiative, backed by the top lobby groups in engineering, electronics and high-tech, to address issues such as worker skills, data transfer standards and data security.', u'But so far it is larger firms leading the move to adapt, with 70 percent of German industry executives in a study commissioned by consultancy CSC saying they were not sufficiently informed about potential new business models.', u'These involve, for example, developing algorithms for how best to run a production process and packaging them into universal factory services that feed on sensor-generated data such as vibration, temperature or power consumption.', u'"I\'m deeply concerned that there is still not enough awareness (in Germany) for the growing interconnectedness and the changes that result from it," said Volkmar Denner, chief executive at Robert Bosch GmbH, one of the world\'s largest automotive parts makers and a major player in factory equipment.', u'German industrial gases firm Linde, which plans to hook up oxygen tanks to the Internet so they will trigger a replacement before they run empty, said big companies could show the way.', u'"The auto industry and large manufacturing firms are acting as pioneers while small and medium-sized companies are rather in a discovery phase, thinking about what is feasible and what isn\'t," Chief Executive Wolfgang Buechele said.', u'Consultancies and technology firms are pitching to fill the gap in information and skills at factory equipment makers.', u'The advisory arm of auditor PwC reckons about half of German industrial groups\' investments in plant and equipment will be driven by "Industrie 4.0" over the next five years, equal to about 40 billion euros ($43 billion) per year.', u'With a strong starting position and a tradition of collaboration and communication, the Mittelstand is well placed to adapt, according to Michael Ziesemer, president of German electronic hardware makers lobby group ZVEI.', u'"The German industry is the equipment supplier to the factories of this world," he said. "If we manage to stay ahead, there could be more jobs in Germany in the end."', u'(Additional reporting by Ilona Wissenbach in Stuttgart and Peter Maushagen in Frankfurt; Editing by Mark Potter)']), ([u'Pentagon Chief Seeks to Woo Silicon Valley, Eyes Tech Innovation'], [u"REDWOOD CITY, California \u2014  Defense Secretary Ash Carter arrived in California's Silicon Valley on Wednesday at the start of a three-day trip aiming to draw in America's tech innovators despite major challenges, including making the Pentagon attractive to cyber-savvy youth.", u'Carter plans to make several announcements during the visit, defense officials say, including establishing an outreach office in Silicon Valley focused on scouting new and emerging breakthrough technologies and building industry ties to the Pentagon.', u'"We don\'t live in an era where all of the technology of importance to national security is going to come out of the Pentagon. Those days are gone," Carter told reporters before landing in California.', u"The move is also the latest example of the U.S. government's efforts to smooth relationships with tech companies in the wake of damaging revelations over digital surveillance by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.", u'Carter acknowledged that, in the wake of the Snowden revelations, part of his job will be to make clear to tech sector innovators that they share common values and interests.', u'"Are there suspicions? Are there issues that arose ... obviously in the case of the Snowden case? No question about it," Carter said.', u"U.S. tech companies such as Microsoft Corp, Google Inc and Facebook Inc have had an uneasy relationship with the U.S. government and its security agencies since Snowden's revelations, aligning themselves publicly with their customers' right to privacy over the government's desire for more effective surveillance of potential threats.", u'Carter, who will speak on Thursday at Stanford University,  acknowledged part of his challenge in drawing recruits is making the Pentagon a "cool" destination for younger professionals.', u'"To be relevant in today\'s world, you have to have a coolness factor. We want our mission to be exciting to people," Carter said.', u"Carter's visit comes two months after President Barack Obama visited California, asking U.S. executives for closer cooperation in defending against hackers after high-profile attacks on companies like Sony.", u'Carter also plans to unveil his new cyber strategy on Thursday, which will acknowledge a far more muscular cyber capability than the Pentagon discussed in its last strategy document in 2011.', u'It also stresses the need to expand the military\'s "intelligence of key adversary human and technical networks," according to a copy obtained by Reuters.', u'(Editing by Paul Tait)']), ([u'Pentagon Says Evicted Russian Hackers, Global Cyber Threat Grows'], [u'PALO ALTO, California \u2014  The United States on Thursday disclosed a cyber intrusion this year by Russian hackers who accessed an unclassified U.S. military network, in a episode Defense Secretary Ash Carter said showed the growing threat and the improving U.S. ability to respond.', u"Carter cited the newly declassified incident during an address at Stanford University, in which he also warned the Pentagon was ready to help defend America's networks and to use cyber weaponry, if needed.", u'The doctrine was articulated in a new Pentagon cyber strategy unveiled on Thursday. Reuters obtained a copy on Wednesday.', u'"Adversaries should know that our preference for deterrence and our defensive posture don\'t diminish our willingness to use cyber options if necessary," Carter said in prepared remarks.', u"Carter said that sensors guarding the Pentagon's unclassified networks detected the intrusion by Russian hackers, who discovered an old vulnerability that had not been patched.", u'"While it\'s worrisome they achieved some unauthorized access to our unclassified network, we quickly identified the compromise and had a crack team of incident responders hunting the intruders within 24 hours," Carter said.', u'"After learning valuable information about their tactics, we analyzed their network activity, associated it with Russia, and then quickly kicked them off the network, in a way that minimized their chances of returning," he added.', u"The Pentagon's new cyber strategy document singles out Russia and China, saying both had developed advanced cyber capabilities and strategies.", u'"Russian actors are stealthy in their cyber tradecraft and their intentions are sometimes difficult to discern," the strategy document said.', u'Iran and North Korea had "less developed cyber capabilities" but overt hostile intent toward U.S. interests, it said.', u"On Thursday, Carter stressed the U.S. military needed closer cooperation with California's Silicon Valley, particularly after high-profile attacks on companies like Sony Pictures Entertainment.", u'"As tech companies see every day, the cyber threat against U.S. interests is increasing in severity and sophistication," he said. "While the North Korean cyberattack on Sony was the most destructive on a U.S. entity so far, this threat affects us all."', u"Carter's trip to Stanford, in the heart of Silicon Valley, is the latest example of the U.S. government's efforts to improve relationships with tech companies after damaging revelations over digital surveillance by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.", u'Carter acknowledged part of his job will be overcoming those concerns.', u'"There are also really great opportunities to be seized through a new level of partnership between the Pentagon and Silicon Valley," he said.', u'(Reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Susan Heavey and Doina Chiacu)']), ([u'Video Feature: Apps to Kindle the Imagination'], [u'Nearly everything in our daily lives is driven by rules, habits and social norms, which can stymie creative habits at work or elsewhere. Don\u2019t panic: There are apps to help ignite that spark.', u'For a writer like me, getting stuck is a big barrier to productivity. At that point, an app ', u', $1 on ', u', can really help push your thinking in new directions. Oflow is essentially 150-plus flashcards full of surprising suggestions or exercises to help your thinking process. You can bring the flashcards up at random, or scan through the list and choose one that tempts you from its brief headline-like description. The cards are filled with just a few dozen words that tell you to, for example, write a story to summarize your problem, or ask a child how they would tackle the task you\u2019re stuck on.', u'You can \u201cfavorite\u201d flashcards that you particularly like, share them via email or over social media and write notes in response to them for later perusal. While Oflow won\u2019t help you change the world, it can help nudge you in a new direction.', u'It sounds simple because it is. The app\u2019s menus are easy to use, the flashcards are well written and using the whole package is a positive experience. But the content is limited, so you may stumble across the same ideas sometimes; the app hasn\u2019t been updated with new suggestions in a while.', u'The next app may sound weird, but it can tickle your brain to help untangle stuck thinking. It\u2019s ', u', a collaborative poem-writing app based around creating haiku poems.', u'HaikuJAM began with social poem-writing, where someone would write one line of a haiku and others around the world would add other lines until the haiku was complete. The app\u2019s interface is designed so it\u2019s quick and practically frictionless to take part.', u'It has since been expanded to let people create photo or image montages instead of just haikus, and you can now choose to only share the results among a group of friends instead of with everyone. Still, the app has the same principle: You spend a few moments working with others to create something new and surprising.', u'With this app, having someone else complete your haiku with words or ideas can be a powerful trick. At the very least, you can browse the work being created by others to see if ideas pop out. The app is free for ', u'and ', u' so you should give it a try.', u'Doodling is another trick to help think outside the box, and ', u' is one of the nicest apps I\u2019ve found for just that. It works because it has a minimalist interface, so the app keeps the controls out of the way when you just want to let your mind wander as you draw on the screen. It also has good drawing tools so you can produce great-looking doodles in short order. Though the app is free for ', u', you can buy more drawing and painting tools pretty cheaply in-app.', u'Tayasui is iOS-only, for now, so if you\u2019re an Android user, check out ', u' app. While it\u2019s not as elegant as Tayasui, it\u2019s another powerful drawing app that\u2019s good for doodling. It\u2019s ', u' and also available on ', u'.', u'If all of these are too arty for you, check out the mind-map ', u'. Its more structured approach could suit you, especially since mind-mapping \u2014 a visual way to plot out information \u2014 is recognized as a great way to think creatively about a problem or task.', u'MindMeister, which is free on ', u'and ', u', is a full-featured app that lets you both create mindmaps and work on them collaboratively with colleagues or friends. The interface makes it easy to set out the parts of an idea you\u2019re tackling, and when you invite someone else to brainstorm, you can see the entries and changes they are making appear in real time.', u'To make the most of the app, you need to set up a free account. For access to all the features, like being able to pin images or photos into a mind map, people must pay starting at $6 a month. But even the free version is powerful, and lets you customize mind maps, adding colors, useful icons and markers. Something about laying out the elements of an issue in this graphical way can help people see new connections between parts of the task.', u'MindMeister is great for a quick attempt with this, with perhaps the only drawback being that sometimes it\u2019s not possible to place the map elements exactly where you want them.', u'Have fun with these apps, which can help you think differently.', u'Microsoft is trying something interesting with its new, ', u' for ', u' and ', u'. Delve is a collaborative sharing and discovery tool built into Office 365 and Delve on PCs, and it\u2019s aimed at business users who need to discover and share documents they\u2019ve been working on. Delve uses machine intelligence to make the sharing tasks simpler, and now it\u2019s available for your non-Windows smartphone.']), ([u'Google Introduces Wireless Service Called Project Fi'], [u'Now you can ', u' a phone call.', u'On Wednesday, ', u' unveiled its long-awaited phone service, called Project Fi, putting the search giant in competition with Verizon, AT&T and other wireless service providers. In addition to new turf, the service is an attempt to blend several communication tools and the multiplying ways of calling people \u2014 cellular calls, online calls like those offered by Skype \u2014 into a single phone number and service.', u'For now, Project Fi could be considered an experiment. It will be available only to people using Google\u2019s Nexus 6 phone, limiting its reach.', u'Analysts see the new service as a bid to reimagine phone calls so that they have greater overlap with Google\u2019s expanding world of devices and services.', u'Unlike your typical cell service, Project Fi will mix traditional wireless technology, where calls are routed through cellular towers, with the wireless Internet service found in Starbucks, airports and elsewhere. Google has teamed with Sprint and T-Mobile to provide the traditional wireless service, and said it had about a million wireless hot spots for the rest.', u'\u201cWherever you\u2019re connected to Wi-Fi \u2014 whether that\u2019s at home, your favorite coffee shop or your Batcave \u2014 you can talk and text like you normally do,\u201d wrote Nick Fox, Google\u2019s vice president of communications products, in ', u'. \u201cIf you leave an area of Wi-Fi coverage, your call will seamlessly transition from Wi-Fi to cell networks so your conversation doesn\u2019t skip a beat.\u201d', u'In addition to changing networks, the service will move users\u2019 phone numbers between screens, so they can talk and text on phones, tablets or laptops. And as with most things Google does, the service is meant to be cheap.', u'Traditional cellphone carriers like AT&T and Verizon charge customers upward of $100 a month for their services, including phone calls and mobile data. Google\u2019s service will be $20 a month for basic voice and text service, along with a flat $10 per gigabyte of cellular data.', u'\u201cSince it\u2019s hard to predict your data usage, you\u2019ll get credit for the full value of your unused data,\u201d according to the blog post. \u201cLet\u2019s say you go with 3GB for $30 and only use 1.4GB one month. You\u2019ll get $16 back, so you only pay for what you use.\u201d', u'In many ways, the wireless service is similar to the Google Fiber Internet service that has been introduced in a handful of American cities, including the Kansas City area and Austin, Tex.', u'Google is piggybacking on giant physical networks that are owned by other companies, creating a barrier that, for now at least, limits Google\u2019s competitive threat to traditional carriers. But Google has a long history of trying to cut out middlemen \u2014 including Internet service providers, online stores and delivery businesses \u2014 that stand between the company and users.', u'With the wireless service, Google will be operating on what is called a mobile virtual network operator, or MVNO, which provides a service on other mobile carriers\u2019 networks.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s always an interesting business because you are dependent on the companies who you are trying to compete with,\u201d said Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. \u201cAnd they will only support you if they think you\u2019re targeting a niche they can\u2019t target themselves.\u201d', u'Over the last few years, Google has been reshaping itself around mobile devices that have become the primary way people use the Internet.', u'On Tuesday, the company adjusted its bread-and-butter search engine in such a way that websites that are optimized for mobile phone screens will get a boost in mobile search rankings. It also has been working with mobile application developers to create new services that allow mobile users to seamlessly bounce between the traditional web and the apps on their phone.', u'But Google has remained two steps away from mobile users. Unlike Apple, which makes its own phones and essentially dictates the terms of its service to mobile carriers, Google\u2019s Android mobile software is distributed to phone manufacturers, who adjust it to their liking, and then through wireless carriers, who bundle their own services on top.', u'Nexus devices, which are made for Google and run a \u201cpure\u201d form of Android, brought the company one step closer to the user, but their sales are much smaller than those of other Android smartphone makers, like Samsung.', u'The new service gives Google \u201cfreedom and more control over the experience, and can offer something like Apple offers, where they control the whole package,\u201d Mr. Dawson said.']), ([u'Facebook\u2019s Growth Slows Slightly, but Mobile Shift Intensifies'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  ', u' is now so thoroughly a mobile service that its original website may soon become a footnote in the company\u2019s financial statements.', u'The world\u2019s largest social network reported on Wednesday that almost three-quarters of its advertising revenue and most of its 1.44 billion users came from cellphones and other mobile devices in the first quarter of the year.', u'And ', u' is beginning to make a similar transition from text to video, with its users already watching four billion videos a day, an average of four per person (although the view may be more like a glance, since Facebook considers three seconds long enough to count).', u'\u201cMore than any other company right now, they are the single biggest beneficiary of this shift to video and mobile,\u201d said Mark Mahaney, an Internet analyst with ', u'. \u201cThis growth is going to be more sustainable than people realize.\u201d', u'Revenue and profit grew a bit more slowly in the first quarter than in the recent past, ', u'.', u'But analysts said that was mainly a matter of choice. Facebook, which makes virtually all of its money from advertising, limits the number of ads it sells on its social network and on Instagram, the separate photo-sharing app it owns. So far, it has allowed no advertising on its fast-growing messaging services, Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp.', u'\u201cThey have advertisers pounding at the doors to get their customers,\u201d said Ben Schachter, an analyst with ', u'.', u'In a conference call with investors to discuss the financial results, Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook\u2019s co-founder and chief executive, made it clear that he had no interest in flooding users of Facebook and Instagram with more commercial messages \u2014 just better ones. \u201cThe primary goal is to increase the quality. That\u2019s our strategy for growing the business,\u201d he said.', u'That approach certainly has not hurt the company\u2019s bottom line. The average price per ad rose 285 percent in the quarter, the company said, even as the number of ad views plunged 62 percent.', u'Facebook reported revenue of $3.54 billion in the quarter, up 42 percent from the $2.5 billion it brought in during the same period a year ago. That fell a bit short of the $3.56 billion that Wall Street analysts had been expecting, according to a survey conducted by S&P Capital IQ, although Facebook noted that revenue would have been $188 million higher if currency fluctuations were excluded.', u'The company\u2019s net income was $512 million, or 18 cents a share, compared with $642 million, or 25 cents a share, a year ago. Excluding costs for employee stock compensation and certain other expenses, Facebook\u2019s profit was $1.19 billion, or 42 cents a share, up 28 percent from last year. That topped the 40 cents a share that analysts had expected.', u'Last year, Mr. Zuckerberg signaled that Facebook would spend more on new services, including its virtual reality company, Oculus VR, in 2015. And he appears to have been true to his word: Expenses rose 82 percent in the quarter.', u'Mr. Schachter said that was a bit disappointing, since the company had made similar warnings in the past without increasing spending.', u'Still, the results were strong. The company\u2019s advertising revenue rose 46 percent to $3.32 billion in the quarter.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re really pleased with the growth, which is across all of our verticals,\u201d Sheryl K. Sandberg, Facebook\u2019s chief operating officer, said in an interview.', u'She said the company\u2019s nascent video advertising business was growing quickly, with the movie and entertainment industry, in particular, embracing it.', u'Facebook has also been building more sophisticated tools that let advertisers combine the data it has collected about its users with other sources to show targeted text, image and video ads to people using other websites and mobile apps.', u'Globally, Facebook is one of the most powerful players in digital advertising. The company had 7.9 percent of the $145 billion global digital advertising market in 2014, according to the research firm eMarketer, second only to Google, which had 31.4 percent.', u'Mr. Zuckerberg now has his sights set on messaging and free Internet phone calls.', u'\u201cWhat we\u2019re focused on doing is providing more higher-quality services for free than what you could otherwise get in paying for them,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Backers Say USB-C Is the Cable of the Future'], [u'BUYING a shiny new laptop, whether it\u2019s a Mac or Windows PC, often evokes both joy and dread.', u'The dread comes from the cables. The new laptop\u2019s power charger is probably different from the last one\u2019s. So the old power cable gets tossed into the pile of unused e-junk in your closet.', u'The new laptop probably also includes a new connection port that doesn\u2019t work with many of the accessories you already own, like hard drives, mice and video monitors.', u'This situation is what the tech industry is hoping to fix with a new connection standard called USB Type-C. The new connection standard is already included in some new devices, including Apple\u2019s latest MacBook, Google\u2019s Chromebook Pixel and Nokia\u2019s N1 tablet. Other manufacturers, like MSI, Asus, LaCie and SanDisk recently announced products that would support USB-C.', u'But what is USB-C? It has a wonky name, but its supporters say USB-C cords will simplify your life. They will be, they say, the go-to, inexpensive, all-in-one cables for the next decade.', u'\u201cThis is the first piece of technology with a legitimate chance of being owned by every human being alive,\u201d said Shane Igo, a product manager for Monoprice, a company that sells USB-C cables ', u'. \u201cIt should be the only cable you need for the next 10 to 20 years.\u201d', u'That is quite a bold promise. Is this really the connector for the long haul? Time and time again, just when you have bought a nice collection of devices and stockpiled enough spare cables, a new standard comes along to render them junk. (Remember FireWire or VGA?) In addition, there is still a host of connectors on the market for somewhat specific purposes, like Thunderbolt (for data and video), and DisplayPort (for video).', u'The USB-C is the successor to the familiar USB connector, the rectangular-headed plug used for many years to link computers with devices like keyboards, monitors and hard drives. The new connection standard also links those devices, and with a smaller plug, but it also charges power.', u'Brad Saunders, chairman of USB-IF, the trade group that publishes guidelines for the USB standard, said that USB-C was designed with future devices in mind. The smaller port, he said, gives manufacturers more wiggle room to make thinner smartphones, laptops and tablets. The connector is meant to handle high speeds for data transfers and lots of power, he said.', u'Also, to make the connector as versatile as possible, USB-C can be configured to work with other types of connectors, according to Mr. Saunders. For example, a manufacturer that makes Thunderbolt accessories can offer a cable that plugs into a USB-C port on one end and a Thunderbolt device on the other. The same goes for DisplayPort.', u'\u201cWe\u2019ve gone out of our way to facilitate every technology,\u201d Mr. Saunders said.', u'Assuming that manufacturers actually make USB-C cables that work with many older connectors, that would be a nice \u201cfuture-proofed\u201d solution. It would protect people from having to buy new hard drives, video monitors and keyboards whenever they buy new computers or mobile devices.', u'Mr. Saunders said consumers could also buy adapters that are compatible with other connection standards. Apple, for example, sells a ', u' for connecting older USB devices to the new USB-C port on the new MacBook. The company also sells ', u' to plug several types of connectors, for video, an older USB device and power, into the USB-C port.', u'In other words, USB-C really could be the connector for the long haul. Still, consumers are nowhere near close to a reality where all they carry is one cable that does everything. In the near future, most consumers who buy a new laptop or tablet with a USB-C port will probably carry an adapter or a hub alongside their USB-C cable to use their older accessories. Over the next several years, while USB-C becomes more widely adopted by manufacturers, people will probably switch out their older cables for ones that are compatible with USB-C.', u'Kyle Wiens, chief executive of iFixit, a company that sells people components to repair their products, has watched the consumer electronics industry jump from connector to connector for many years. Even he is a believer that USB-C is a win for consumers.', u'Mr. Wiens explained that it was better for the industry to agree on one standard for a connector. Apple\u2019s MacBooks, for example, traditionally included a proprietary connector called MagSafe for charging power. The port includes a magnet so it will effortlessly disengage if yanked. Apple did not license its MagSafe technology for other companies to make MagSafe accessories, which kept prices relatively high (Apple sells MagSafe chargers for $80) and hindered accessory makers from making clever innovations for charging MacBooks, he said.', u'By contrast, USB-C is an open standard, meaning third-party companies can make different accessories compatible with the new MacBook as well as other devices, for lower costs.', u'Above all, Mr. Wiens said, the win for consumers is having fewer useless cords sitting around the house.', u'\u201cThe problem is that there are different power adapters for every laptop on the planet,\u201d he said. He added that it would be ideal if manufacturers reached a point where they sold computers without including new cables, because you probably will already have the same ones.']), ([u'PayPal Unit Helps Lift eBay Revenue'], [u'EBay is speeding toward a split of its online marketplace and payments businesses. For some analysts and investors, it cannot come soon enough.', u'EBay on Wednesday ', u' of $626 million for the quarter that ended March 31, swinging back to profitability after a $2.32 billion loss in the same period a year ago that included a hefty one-time tax charge. Excluding the charge, the company\u2019s income grew 4.8 percent from a year ago. Revenue rose 4 percent, to $4.45 billion, surpassing estimates of $4.42 billion.', u'The results illustrate a divergence in ', u'\u2019s two businesses. Sales in the company\u2019s marketplace business fell 4 percent to $2.07 billion from a year ago, a lackluster showing that continued the trend of declining e-commerce growth over the past four quarters. It is the unit\u2019s first year-over-year revenue drop since 2009.', u'In contrast, the company\u2019s PayPal electronic payments unit posted revenue of $2.1 billion, up 14 percent from $1.85 billion a year ago. It was the first time PayPal\u2019s sales exceeded that of the marketplace business.', u'The separation was a change in strategy from what John Donahoe, ', u'\u2019s chief executive, had described as his vision for the company in the past. Only recently has eBay started to give details on what the split will look like, including saying that the separation will occur in the third quarter of this year.', u'EBay has shuffled its top management; Mr. Donahoe will step down as chief executive. Devin Wenig, who has led eBay Marketplaces for the past three years, will be the chief of that business. Dan Schulman, a former American Express executive, will lead PayPal after the split.', u'With the separation, the company is also cutting 2,400 positions, or 7 percent of its global work force. EBay has also said it would explore a sale or a possible initial public offering of eBay Enterprise, the warehouse and logistics unit for third-party sellers.', u'A split may leave the marketplace business particularly vulnerable. For months, executives have pointed to problems with Google\u2019s search algorithms and fallout from a huge security breach as reasons for weak e-commerce momentum. The company is in the process of updating its systems to improve search results both on eBay and in outside search engines, Mr. Donahoe said, a process that could take more than a few quarters. Analysts are eager to see positive results.', u'\u201cThe marketplace business has been struggling for the last four or five quarters,\u201d said Mark Mahaney, an analyst at RBC Capital Markets. \u201cWhat are some of the initiatives to reinvigorate growth?\u201d', u'Part of the challenge for the company, which helped pioneer e-commerce, is how it can stay current as an online destination as companies like Amazon, Apple and the Asian retail giant Alibaba continue crowding the field.', u'PayPal is still growing, fueled by high-performing assets like Braintree and Venmo, which are mobile-focused payments divisions that eBay acquired in recent years. Venmo, Mr. Donahoe has said, is enormously popular with young audiences. Braintree is angling to reinvent PayPal\u2019s payments business to be easier to use on mobile devices.', u'But there is wariness that such growth will not come soon enough, especially as large companies like Apple, as well as payments start-ups like Stripe and Adyen, gain market share.', u'\u201cPayPal\u2019s payments growth has been consistent for years,\u201d said Robert Peck, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. \u201cBut will that start to crack?\u201d']), ([u'Working With Old Office Files on a New Mac OS'], [u' I\u2019m running Mac OS 10.6.8 and want to upgrade to the new OS X 10.10 (Yosemite). When installing, I got a warning that Yosemite won\u2019t support ', u' Office, so I stopped. Is there any way to use Yosemite and still have access to Word and Excel files?', u' Microsoft Office for Mac 2004 and earlier versions of the suite ', u' (including Yosemite). This is because the programs were written for the older PowerPC processors that ', u' began to ', u' in favor of newer chips from Intel.', u'But even with a Yosemite upgrade, you still have several ways to work with Microsoft Office files on your Mac. Microsoft has newer versions of the programs, including the free ', u' edition and its subscription-based ', u'. The company is also ', u' this year and has a ', u' available on its website.', u'While you may have to fiddle a bit and remember to save files in Office formats, several other programs allow you to open, edit and save Word and Excel files too. Apple has built a ', u' into ', u' and ', u', the corresponding word-processing and spreadsheet programs from its own iWork suite for Mac OS X; a browser-based version is free on the ', u' site online. The open-source ', u' suite can work with Office files, as can ', u', which are free online with a Google account.', u' How do you back up the personal data on an ', u' Fire?', u' Amazon includes a tool in the Fire\u2019s software that you can use for a daily automatic backup when the tablet is in sleep mode and connected to a wireless network. Swipe down from the top of the tablet\u2019s screen and select Settings. Next, choose Device Options, select Backup & Restore and tap the On switch next to Device Backup. You can also do a manual backup by tapping Back Up Now.', u'The ', u' saves your personal settings, tablet layout and bookmarks from the Silk browser; personal photos and videos can be saved to your ', u', the company\u2019s online storage locker. All of the digital media bought from Amazon, like videos and music, is automatically stored online and can be downloaded again.', u' Although Android has a ', u' box you can use to quickly adjust certain preferences on the phone or tablet, not all the system controls are immediately available there. For those more obscure settings that you use regularly (like Data Usage or Accessibility), you can make your own direct shortcut widget for the home screen.', u'To select your specific settings widget, tap the All Apps icon on the Android home screen. On the top of the Apps screen, tap the Widgets tab. Several screens\u2019 worth of potential screen widgets appear; swipe to the left until you get to the Settings widget. Press your finger and hold your finger on the Settings widget until your device\u2019s home screen appears and you can drag the icon where you want it.', u'Once you have moved the widget into position, a menu of possible settings opens. Tap the Settings category you wish to use. For example, if you select \u201cSound & Notification,\u201d the new widget becomes a shortcut that goes right to the screen of volume preferences for the device\u2019s alarms and other audio cues. You can repeat the widget-creation process to make shortcuts for all your most-used settings.']), ([u'Some Apple Watches Shipping Sooner Than Expected'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Apple says some customers will be getting the new Apple Watch sooner than expected.', u'Many who ordered the new smartwatch online earlier this month were told that delivery could take a month or longer, although Apple has promised to begin deliveries Friday to those who were among the first to place orders.', u'But Apple Inc. is now contacting some customers who were originally told to expect a lengthy wait time and letting them know their watches could arrive sooner.', u"Customers who place new orders are still facing a wait of several weeks. Apple hasn't said how many watches have been sold since it began taking orders April 10, but it's filling orders in the order they were received. Apple is only selling the watch online, for now."]), ([u'Some Apple Watch Buyers to Get Shipments Sooner Than Expected'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Some Apple Watch buyers who thought they would have to wait until June to receive their new gadgets will get them sooner, Apple Inc said on Wednesday.', u"When online pre-orders for Apple's first smartwatch started on April 10, many customers were surprised to see delivery times as far out as June instead of on April 24, when the devices officially go on sale.", u'On Wednesday, Apple notified some buyers that they would not have to wait so long after all.', u'"Our team is working to fill orders as quickly as possible based on the available supply and the order in which they were received," Apple said in a statement.', u'An Apple spokesman declined to say how soon the company would ship the watches or how many customers would be affected.', u'The Cupertino, California company previously predicted that demand would exceed supply at product launch. It has not said how many watches its customers have pre-ordered.', u'In a note to clients on Wednesday, FDR analyst Daniel Ives estimated Apple would take over 2 million pre-orders for the watch and ship 20 million of them in 2015.', u'"The longer-term consumer adoption curve for the Apple Watch remains a major \'hot button\' question among tech investors as broad customer feedback is yet to be seen," Ives wrote.', u'(Reporting by Noel Randewich; Editing by Richard Chang)']), ([u'Still Got It: Facebook Mobile Ad Revenue Continues to Surge'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Nearly three-quarters of Facebook's advertising revenue now comes from mobile ads, as many more users access the social network on smartphones and other hand-held gadgets.", u'On that front, the company is doing fine \u2014 better, even, than it has in previous quarters. But the rate of its overall revenue growth slowed in the first three months of this year, causing its high-flying stock to tumble after the results came out.', u"Wednesday marked the first time since early 2013 that Facebook failed to top Wall Street's expectations with its results, and shares of the Menlo Park, California, company fell more than 2 percent after-hours trading.", u"Facebook has grown mobile ad revenue steadily since 2012, when it started showing ads for the devices' smaller screens. In the previous quarter, mobile represented 69 percent of total advertising revenue.", u'The social network had 1.44 billion monthly active users as of March, up 13 percent from a year earlier. The number of users who accessed Facebook on mobile devices at least once a month grew 24 percent to 1.25 billion.', u"Facebook's share of the $42.6 billion worldwide mobile advertising market was 17.4 percent last year, according to research firm eMarketer, up from 16.4 percent a year earlier. In comparison, Google's share was 38.2 percent, down from 46 percent a year earlier.", u'The company reported adjusted earnings of 42 cents per share in the January-March quarter, above the 41 cents per share that analysts polled by FactSet were expecting. Revenue increased 46 percent to $3.54 billion, from $2.5 billion a year earlier. Analysts had expected $3.56 billion.', u"Net income declined as Facebook's expenses grew 83 percent from a year earlier. The company earned $512 million, or 18 cents per share, down 20 percent from $642 million, or 25 cents per share.", u"Facebook, which bought the popular photo-sharing app Instagram and the messaging service WhatsApp, has been coming out with its own stand-alone mobile apps to capture more of the time people spend on phones. Besides its Messenger app, though, Facebook's home-grown efforts have had limited success.", u"On Wednesday, it introduced Hello, a voice-calling app designed for Android phones. In essence, it's meant to replace the voice dialer on your phone. But based on Facebook's inability to persuade users to install its Home app, which lets Facebook take over the home screen on Android, users may not be too keen on replacing existing smartphone tools with Facebook-branded versions.", u'Facebook finance chief David Wehner said mobile "continues to be a key driver" of Facebook\'s growth. He said Facebook will continue to experiment with apps for mobile. For now, the money-making focus is on Facebook itself and, slowly, on popular, established apps such as Instagram.', u'Shares in Facebook Inc. fell $1.76 to $82.87 in extended trading after the earnings report. At the close of regular-session trading Wednesday, the stock stood at $84.63, an 8.5 percent increase since the start of the year.']), ([u'ADM Could Use Drones From 2016 to Get Crop Insurance Claims Data'], [u'CHICAGO \u2014  Archer Daniels Midland Co plans to use ', u' to gather data on crop insurance claims as soon as the summer of 2016, its risk services head told Reuters on Wednesday.', u"ADM's Crop Risk Services Inc won clearance to use drones earlier this month from the Federal Aviation Administration, which currently bans their commercial use, and will begin testing the technology in the U.S. Midwest this year.", u"The unmanned aircraft can gather data about crop damage from   hail, wind, flooding and drought, and automatically upload the information to the company's claims software, Greg Mills, president of ADM CRS, said in a telephone interview.", u"The company is one of a small number of businesses with agriculture connections, including Monsanto Co's Climate Corp and Trimble Navigation Ltd, that have received exemptions to the FAA's ban on commercial use.", u'The FAA proposed rules on commercial drones in February that limit their use, but final regulations may not be in place for two years.', u'Mills said cost savings from using the drones were likely to be "significant" for ADM CRS, but declined to give any detailed estimate.', u'"I think it will create some general efficiencies and some specific efficiencies for claims," Mills told Reuters, adding the company already owns two drones and has contracted for another two.', u"The FAA exemption allows ADM CRS to use only Phantom 2 Vision quadcopters made by Shenzhen, China-based Da-Jiang Innovations, which according to the company's website, cost about $900 apiece. ADM CRS would need further FAA approval to fly different aircraft.", u'Drones can be deployed to find and assess multiple areas of crop damage over a broad area. Currently, claims adjusters often have to physically walk out into a field to measure the extent of crop damage, Mills said.', u'"The goal is to test the savings to the business in the Midwest and then potentially release nodes of equipment by next spring to be used for the summer of 2016 for use in a larger area," he said.', u"The FAA exemption allows ADM CRS to fly its drones only within 400 feet of the ground and within sight of the operator. Pilots must also have a farmer's permission to fly over their land.", u'Crop insurance is used by farmers to protect their income from losses caused by natural disasters. About 90 percent of planted farmland is covered by insurance every year.', u'(Editing by Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Chipmaker Xilinx Posts 14 Percent Fall in Quarterly Profit'], [u'(Reuters) - Chipmaker Xilinx Inc reported a 14 percent fall in fourth-quarter net income, hurt by a $24 million restructuring charge.', u'Net income fell to $134.6 million, or 50 cents per share, from $156 million, or 53 cents per share, a year earlier.', u'(Reporting by Abhiram Nandakumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Sayantani Ghosh)']), ([u'eBay Profit Beats as Revenue Surges From PayPal Business'], [u'(Reuters) - E-commerce company eBay Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as revenue surged from its payments business that includes PayPal, which the company said would be spun off in the third quarter.', u"Revenue from eBay's payments business rose 14 percent to $2.11 billion in the first quarter, accounting for nearly half of its total revenue.", u"EBay's shares rose 5 percent in extended trading on Wednesday.", u'"The upside all came from PayPal," Benchmark Co analyst Daniel Kurnos said.', u'EBay has relied heavily on its payments business to offset sluggishness in its marketplace business, which includes its core global e-commerce platform ', u'.', u"Increasing competition and slowing customer additions have hurt the company's marketplace business, which reported a 4 percent fall in quarterly revenue.", u'PayPal said in April it would continue charging eBay merchants less than it does other merchants and the two companies would stay interdependent for the next five years.', u'The business has benefited from a surge in payments using mobile devices as customers increasingly use their smartphones and tablets for online shopping.', u"PayPal's mobile payment transactions, which account for nearly one-third of its total transactions, rose more than 40 percent.", u'Average transactions per PayPal account rose to 23 in the quarter from 21, said PayPal President Daniel Schulman, who is set to be appointed the chief executive of the spunoff company.', u'EBay forecast revenue of $4.40 billion-$4.50 billion for the second quarter, below the average analyst estimate of $4.57 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u"The company's full-year revenue forecast of $18.35 billion-$18.85 billion also missed analysts' expectations of $18.96 billion, which EBay blamed on a strong dollar.", u'EBay, which gets more than half of its revenue from markets outside the United States, said most of the impact of a strong dollar on the company would be in its marketplace business.', u'The dollar has risen about 23 percent against a basket of major currencies in the past year.', u'EBay reported net income of $626 million, or 51 cents per share, for the first quarter ended March 31 compared with loss a year earlier .', u'Excluding items, the company earned 77 cents per share.', u'Net revenue rose 4.4 percent to $4.45 billion.', u'Analysts on average had expected earnings of 70 cents per share and revenue of $4.42 billion.', u"EBay's shares were trading at $59.64 after the bell.", u'(Editing by Sayantani Ghosh and Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'An Online Tune-Up for the Used-Car Marketplace'], [u'Linda Lo tried shopping for a car in the usual way, and like everyone else, she hated it.', u'Ms. Lo, 24, is a manager at an online freelance placement company and has been in the market for a used car for more than a year. She tried Craigslist, but found it difficult to trust strangers on the site. Car dealerships were worse. The sales employees were either inattentive or cloying, the finances opaque, and the whole process was time-consuming and inconvenient. At one dealership recently, a salesman asked Ms. Lo, \u201cAre you here with your parents?\u201d', u'So a few weeks ago, Ms. Lo did what anyone her age does when confronted with a hurdle in the real world: She escaped it virtually. Ms. Lo found a novel online dealership, Beepi, which acts as a broker between sellers and buyers of used automobiles and which holds the potential to alter the image of the perilous used-car market.', u' had the exact car model Ms. Lo was looking for, down to the color: ', u', a luxury sedan that usually sells for around $40,000. On Beepi, the car \u2014 which had undergone a ', u' by the company\u2019s mechanics, similar to an auto dealership\u2019s \u201ccertified pre-owned\u201d program \u2014 was $35,900, including free delivery.', u'\u201cThe process was spectacular,\u201d Ms. Lo said one recent morning outside her home in San Jose, Calif., as she waited for the car to arrive. A few minutes later, a flatbed truck pulled up with the Lexus. A giant, gold bow was affixed to its hood. Neighbors thought Ms. Lo had won a sweepstakes. After signing a few papers and sitting through an extensive tutorial by a Beepi mechanic \u2014 he even helped Ms. Lo connect her phone to her car\u2019s audio system \u2014 the vehicle was hers. \u201cIt\u2019s everything and more than I expected,\u201d Ms. Lo said.', u'To say that Beepi is disruptive, in this age of disruptions, sounds clich\xe9d. Yet after just a year of operation in California, Beepi is now buying and selling hundreds of cars a month and is on track to book revenue of $100 million over the next year, the company said. The start-up has raised nearly $80 million in financing and it plans to expand to seven additional regions nationwide by the end of the year.', u'Beepi\u2019s rapid growth illustrates something deeper about the role the digital world keeps playing in our lives: There\u2019s no limit to it. A few years ago, it seemed reasonable to assume there were some sectors of the economy that would resist the pull of the Internet and which most people felt were better left offline. ', u' or eyeglasses, say; now both those tasks are moving online.', u'Beepi and similar competitors, including ', u' and ', u', are pushing people to cross another threshold on the way toward a digital-only life. Although auto experts doubt that online-only car-buying experiences will become the norm, it would be wise not to discount their rise, for the simple reason that the Internet remains hungry. As people grow more accustomed to doing pretty much everything over computers and phones, the Internet tends to consume everything in its path.', u'Yet Beepi and others are coming up against some previous examples of online car sales that didn\u2019t take off. EBay, for instance, has long offered cars, but its business remains small. Still, the Internet has been edging into car purchases in other ways: Craigslist and AutoTrader long ago replaced classified auto listings, while Edmunds and TrueCar have tried to bring transparency to the market.', u'Beepi began with a lemon of a used car. A few years ago, Ale Resnik, who was then at business school at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, bought a 2010 Jeep Liberty from a dealership. The car caught fire while his wife was driving it and the dealer didn\u2019t want to take it back. To Mr. Resnik, the failure seemed out of step with the way he shopped for most goods; it lacked transparency and consumer friendliness.', u'When Mr. Resnik began investigating the auto sales industry, he found that more than 90 percent of American car buyers consulted the Internet for purchases and a rising number of people worldwide say they would buy a car entirely online. ', u', about a third of Americans and two-thirds of Chinese who were asked said they would buy a car over the web. To Mr. Resnik, the latent consumer interest was a starting point, and along with a friend, Owen Savir, he set out to create a system to bring to car shopping all the conveniences we\u2019ve grown used to with other online purchases.', u'\u201cWe just thought that the car market was broken,\u201d Mr. Resnik said.', u'At the core of Beepi\u2019s business model is a pricing trick. There are three relevant prices for any used car. The trade-in price, which is what a dealer will give you for your car; the private sales price, which is what you can get if you sold it directly to someone else; and the retail price, which is the price the car will command at a dealership. Dealers pay the trade-in price for vehicles and then sell them at the retail price. On some cars, that spread can be worth 50 percent.', u'Beepi thinks it can make a profit while operating within a tighter pricing band. When you list your car with the site, the company\u2019s pricing algorithm, which consults data on historical car sales in your area, offers a price at least $1,000 more than you can get by trading in your car at the dealer. That is still less than what you would get selling privately, but Beepi\u2019s price is guaranteed. If your car doesn\u2019t sell within 30 days of listing on Beepi, the company will buy it from you.', u'On the other side of the transaction, Beepi sells cars at prices lower than comparable certified used cars at dealerships. It can do so, the founder says, because its overhead is lower \u2014 it doesn\u2019t have to maintain parking lots to house cars, because the vehicles stay with the sellers until they are sold. Also, because it buys and sells cars over a wide area \u2014 currently, any city in California and Arizona \u2014 it can take advantage of supply and demand disparities in different regions. Finally, Beepi caps its own fee at 9 percent, depending on price and demand (it will take as little as 1 percent).', u'\u201cWhen you put it together, we think you can give more to sellers, more to buyers, and make up to 9 percent of the price,\u201d Mr. Resnik said.', u'But if Beepi is faster, more convenient, and a better financial deal than the traditional car market, it also suffers one huge downside. Beepi does not let buyers test-drive cars before buying. Instead, it takes a page from other online retailers\u2019 return policies. Like a pair of shoes from Zappos, Beepi\u2019s cars come with a 10-day, try-it-out money-back guarantee. If you aren\u2019t satisfied, the company will send a truck to take the car away free.', u'The company positions this as better than a dealer\u2019s test-drive. \u201cIt\u2019s a 10-day test drive,\u201d Mr. Savir said. But that could be a tough sell.', u'David Greene, an auto industry analyst for Cars.com, said he was skeptical that a large fraction of buyers would ever buy without test-driving a car.', u'\u201cOur research shows that people don\u2019t exactly know what they need until they get in a car and drive it,\u201d Mr. Greene said. \u201cWhile there\u2019s a lot of things that people don\u2019t care for when visiting dealerships, it\u2019s hard to replace that personal interaction online.\u201d', u'And if car buyers begin test-driving cars at dealerships only to buy at Beepi \u2014 the \u201cshowrooming\u201d problem that has bedeviled many offline retailers \u2014 dealers may begin lobbying against Beepi\u2019s rise, Mr. Greene said.', u'Nicholas Hinrichsen, co-founder of Carlypso, a Beepi competitor that sells cars online on a slightly different business model, was skeptical that Beepi could maintain its money-back guarantee as it grows. \u201cIt\u2019s incredibly expensive,\u201d Mr. Hinrichsen said, \u201cand my business model wouldn\u2019t be able to bear that.\u201d On Carlypso, you can return a car if it\u2019s defective, but not if you simply don\u2019t like it.', u'Mr. Resnik of Beepi said these weren\u2019t concerns for him. So far, he said, only a handful of people have returned their cars, at a rate \u201cmuch, much lower than 1 percent.\u201d And he isn\u2019t worried that there won\u2019t be consumer demand in buying cars without a test-drive. \u201cAs people buy more and more online, they\u2019re getting used to it,\u201d he said. \u201cIt\u2019s going to happen.\u201d']), ([u"Republicans Move to Extend Spies' Power to Collect Phone Data"], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  In a move likely to re-ignite public debate in America over electronic spying, Republicans have introduced a bill in the Senate to extend a controversial law empowering the government's bulk collection of U.S. telephone records.", u'President Barack Obama and many in Congress want to retain the mass data-collection program as a national security tool but want substantial changes in the program, which was secret until  disclosed two years ago by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden.', u'Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is sponsoring a bill to extend until Dec. 31, 2020, a provision of the ', u' that the National Security Agency used to collect and store vast quantities of "metadata" charting telephone calls made by Americans. The law is due to expire on June 1.', u"Republicans said they would expedite Senate consideration of McConnell's bill, which was submitted late on Tuesday, by sending it directly to the Senate floor rather than considering it first in committee.", u"Richard Burr, the Republican chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee, acknowledged that prospects for the bill's passage were uncertain but said it would establish the parameters for debate.", u'The NSA program to collect and analyze telephone metadata was authorized by Congress after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.', u'It collected information about which U.S. phone numbers called other numbers and how long calls lasted, not their content. It was roundly condemned by civil liberties groups as an invasion of privacy.', u'A panel Obama appointed found no evidence it ever led to a counter-terrorism breakthrough.', u"In the wake of Snowden's revelations, Obama ordered the scope of the program to be limited and said he wanted the law reformed to have the data stored by telephone companies. The companies are resisting such a change.", u"Several experts said McConnell's bill would extend the existing law without modifying it as Obama wanted.", u'The White House declined comment.', u'Former intelligence officials said Obama could face heavy pressure to sign the type of bill McConnell introduced to avoid  being blamed for an attack if he vetoed such a measure and the program was allowed to end.', u'Senator Patrick Leahy, the top Democrat on the Senate Judiciary Committee, said he would oppose any reauthorization that did not include significant reforms.', u'In a statement, the American Civil Liberties Union urged Congress to let the current law expire on June 1.', u'(Reporting by Mark Hosenball and Patricia Zengerle; Editing by David Storey and Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'Qualcomm Forecast Misses as Customer Loss Hurts Mobile Chip Sales'], [u"(Reuters) - Qualcomm Inc forecast current-quarter revenue and profit below analysts' expectations, saying the loss of a key customer and delays in product launches by some smartphone makers would hurt sales of its flagship Snapdragon chips.", u'Shares of the company, which also reported a 46 percent drop in second-quarter profit, were down about 2 percent in extended trading on Wednesday.', u"Earlier this year, longtime customer Samsung Electronics Co opted to use an internally developed processor for its new Galaxy S6 smartphone and Note rather than Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon mobile chip.", u'The company also cut its full-year revenue and profit forecast for the second time, citing lower sales of Snapdragon chips.', u'"I think the recovery of the (chipset) business, given the loss of share at Samsung, will take time," Topeka Capital Markets analyst Suji Desilva said, adding that a recovery was unlikely in the near term.', u"Most of Qualcomm's revenue comes from selling baseband chips, which enable phones to communicate with carrier networks, but a majority of its profit comes from licensing patents for its CDMA cellphone technology.", u'Hedge fund Jana Partners has been putting pressure on the company to spin off the chip business from its highly profitable patent-licensing business. Lst week, the fund said Qualcomm\'s chip business was "essentially worthless" at current valuations.', u'On a post-earnings conference call, the company said it had hired an "outside expert" to review the cost structure of its chip business in order to drive growth.', u"Qualcomm's high-margin licensing business has also had its fair share of problems. The company agreed in February to pay a fine of $975 million, the largest in China's corporate history, to settle a long-standing antitrust probe by the government.", u"Much of the decline in Qualcomm's profit for the second quarter was due to the settlement, which also requires the company to lower its royalty rates on patents used in China.", u'The company forecast an adjusted profit of 85 cents-$1 per share and revenue of $5.4 billion-$6.2 billion for the third quarter.', u'Analysts on average were expecting a profit of $1.14 per share and revenue of $6.50 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Excluding items, the company earned $1.40 per share. Revenue rose 8.3 percent to $6.89 billion.', u'Analysts on average had expected a profit of $1.33 per share and revenue of $6.83 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'(Reporting by Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'Hello? Facebook Launches Phone-Calling App for Android'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Hello? Anyone there? Facebook unveiled a new voice-calling app for Android phones on Wednesday, the same day that its WhatsApp messaging service introduced voice-calling for iOS devices.', u'Phone calls, it seems, are not dead yet.', u'Called "Hello," the stand-alone app is the seventh child of Facebook Creative Labs, the company\'s arm tasked with creating new applications outside of Facebook. Others, such as the news-reading app Paper or the video sharing app Riff, have met with limited success.', u"Hello's aim is to give people more information about who is calling them. Because it's connected to Facebook, Hello users can see information about their callers' identity even if they don't count them as a contact.", u'Hello is currently available in the U.S., Brazil and Nigeria.', u"Facebook, which is based in Menlo Park, California, has been coming out with its own stand-alone mobile apps to capture more of the time people spend on phones. Besides its Messenger app, though, Facebook's home-grown efforts have had limited success.", u"In essence, Hello is meant to replace the voice dialer on your phone. But based on Facebook's inability to persuade users to install its Home app, which lets Facebook take over the home screen on Android, users may not be too keen on replacing existing smartphone tools with Facebook-branded versions."]), ([u'F5 Networks CEO John McAdam to Retire'], [u'(Reuters) - Network equipment maker F5 Networks Inc said longtime Chief Executive John McAdam will retire in July, a move that comes at a time when the company is facing slowing revenue growth.', u"McAdam, who has held the top job for 15 years, will be replaced by Manuel Rivelo, currently F5 Network's executive vice president of strategic solutions.", u'Shares of the company, which also reported its slowest revenue growth in five quarters, fell 4 percent to $115.46 in extended trading.', u'McAdam, a communications industry veteran, navigated F5 Networks through the post-dot-com era, bringing the company to profitability.', u"During his tenure, the company's annual revenue rose to about $1.7 billion from $108.6 million, while the stock has risen more than four-fold.", u'The company, however, has been under pressure in the past few quarters as larger-sized deals become hard to come by.', u'For the quarter ended March 31, F5 Networks posted earnings of $1.18 per share, falling short of the average analyst estimate of $1.50 per share.', u'The company also warned that a stronger dollar would impact revenue in the current quarter.', u'"We recognize that the US dollar\'s strength relative to the euro and other currencies likely had an impact on the demand environment in EMEA and APAC in Q2," McAdam said in a statement.', u'McAdam will retire in July, after which he will become chairman of the board.', u"The company's net income rose to $85.7 million, or $1.18 per share, in the second quarter ended March 31, from $69.6 million, or 91 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Revenue rose 12.4 percent to $472.1 million. Analysts on average had expected $471.1 mln.', u'(Reporting By Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'ZTE Cleared of Infringing InterDigital Mobile Phone Patent'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A U.S. jury on Wednesday cleared Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE Corp of infringing a patent on transmitting data in wireless networks owned by patent licensor InterDigital Inc.', u"The verdict, coming after a two-day trial, followed a first trial between the two companies last October in which ZTE was found by a different jury to have infringed three of InterDigital's mobile phone patents.", u'(Reporting by Andrew Chung; editing by Alexia Garamfalvi)']), ([u'Feeling Safe? Try Attending Internet Security Conference'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A conference of Internet security experts is not for the faint of heart.', u'Hallway chatter and keynote speeches are peppered with scary stories of increasingly sophisticated hackers siphoning off valuable personal and corporate data.', u'In the words of one expert, the bad guys are outmaneuvering those charged with keeping the wired world safe. This despite repeated vows from CEOs and government officials to tighten security after high-profile breaches at Sony Pictures, health insurer Anthem and retailers Target and Home Depot.', u'The recent wave of corporate data breaches and cyber-attacks provided plenty of fodder for a weeklong cyber-security conference in San Francisco. Some 28,000 threat analysts, security vendors and corporate IT administrators gathered to talk about malicious software, spear-phishing and other attacks that can steal money or secrets from companies and consumers.', u'Growing concern over cyber-threats has been good for business, driving up revenue and stock prices for many security firms. But researchers say the dangers are real: Last year saw a record number of commercial data breaches and "denial-of-service" attacks, aimed at shutting down websites by flooding them with bogus traffic.', u"Here are some highlights from this year's RSA conference, named for its chief sponsor, the RSA security division of tech company EMC Inc.", u'___', u'PHISHING WORKS', u'Many data breaches are the result of human error, especially people falling for bogus phishing emails, text messages or websites that appear to come from acquaintances or trusted companies.', u'Phishing attacks are a favored tactic of hackers working for foreign governments and criminal groups because they trick their targets into handing over passwords or clicking on links that install malicious programs. Verizon researchers estimate one in five phishing emails were read by their targets and one in 10 persuaded someone to open an attached file. Security firm Proofpoint says middle managers are increasingly being targeted with emails containing seemingly "official" attachments such as fax or voicemail alerts.', u'"It only takes one person to click" on a link or attachment and put their employer\'s entire network at risk, said Verizon senior analyst Marc Spitler. As for hackers, "they don\'t need a high rate of clicking because they can just churn out the emails."', u'___', u'CONNECTED DEVICES, EASY TARGETS', u"As more home appliances are connected to the Internet, experts warn they are vulnerable to hackers intending mischief or worse. While actual hacking incidents have been rare, researchers warn that manufacturers aren't considering security in connected devices.", u"In separate reports, experts at security firms Veracode and Laconicly said they found vulnerabilities in home systems that control lights, thermostats and garage door openers from a smartphone or other device. While some systems use encryption and other safeguards, the tests found others were vulnerable to hackers eavesdropping on data signals and learning residents' habits, such as what time they leave the house and when they come home.", u'___', u'HACKERS GETTING MORE SOPHISTICATED', u'Hackers are sharing information about software vulnerabilities in a variety of industries, faster than many companies install "patches" to repair them, several researchers said. Cyber-attackers are also increasingly using programs that can scout a computer network and change behavior depending on what defenses they encounter.', u'Even novice hackers can get their hands on tools to carry out sophisticated attacks. "Writing malware is not the hard part anymore. You can buy it" from other hackers online, said Ryan Olson, intelligence director at Palo Alto Networks.', u'One common refrain at the conference is that companies must get better at detecting and containing computer breaches once they occur, since old methods of prevention aren\'t working. The breaches of 2014 showed "that we\'re losing this contest," RSA president Amit Yoran said in a keynote speech. "The adversaries are outmaneuvering this industry."', u'The conference also drew federal officials who urged more sharing of information about hacking attacks. U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said his department will open a Silicon Valley office to build partnerships and recruit government workers with cyber-skills.']), ([u"Facebook Starts Testing Mobile Calling App 'Hello'"], [u"(Reuters) - Facebook Inc said it started testing its mobile calling app 'Hello' on Android, which allows users to connect with Facebook to see the identity and information about callers even if the number is not saved on the phone.", u'Hello, built by the messenger team, can pull information people and businesses have shared on Facebook. (', u')', u'The app also gives the option of blocking calls, which then go to a voicemail feature.', u'Facebook said in March that it would add a feature to its messaging app that allows friends to send and receive money through it.', u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya in Bengaluru)']), ([u'Crash-Protection Tech Top Choice of U.S. Consumers: Study'], [u'DETROIT \u2014  Three of the top five technologies U.S. consumers want in their next car or truck relate to crash prevention, indicating a growing acceptance of the idea of developing self-driving vehicles, according to a new study released on Wednesday.', u'Those technologies include systems for blind-spot detection and prevention, night vision and enhanced collision mitigation, according to the J.D. Power 2015 U.S. Tech Choice Study.', u'"These findings demonstrate growing customer acceptance towards the concept of the vehicle taking over critical functions such as braking and steering, which are the foundational building blocks leading to the possibility of fully-autonomous driving," market research company J.D. Power said in a statement.', u'The other two technologies in the top five were camera rearview mirrors and self-healing paint, it said.', u'According to the report, there was also a generation gap when it came to which consumers were more open to spending for certain technologies.', u'The youngest age group, Gen Y - who make up the second-largest group of new-car buyers so far this year behind Baby Boomers - were willing to spend an average of just over $3,700 on technology for their next vehicle, J.D. Power said. As buyers got older, the total declined: Gen X ($3,007), Baby Boomer ($2,416) and Pre-Boomer ($2,067).', u'The study found that the two younger generations have a higher preference for self-driving automation technology, while the oldest group, the Pre-Boomers, has a greater preference for lower levels of automation.', u'\u201cThe auto industry is standing on its head to keep technology up to consumers\u2019 new standards,\u201d Kristin Kolodge, executive director of driver interaction at J.D. Power, said. \u201cThose who haven\u2019t done so have seen negative feedback from consumers.\u201d', u'The study was conducted January through March, based on an online survey of more than 5,300 consumers who bought or leased a new vehicle in the past five years.', u'(Reporting by Ben Klayman; Editing by Ted Botha)']), ([u'Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends'], [u"CAIRO \u2014  Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group.", u'"We call for - after the complete cessation of the brutal aggression on Yemen and the total dismantling of the blockade on its people - the resumption of political dialogue under the auspices of the United Nations," the movement\'s spokesman, Mohammed Abdul-Salam, wrote on his Facebook page.', u'The statement appeared after the Arab alliance announced on Tuesday it was stopping its campaign but would continue to target Iran-allied Houthi rebel movements inside Yemen as needed, and enforce an air and sea blockade to prevent weapons shipments.', u'(Reporting By Mohammed Ghobari; Writing by Noah Browning, Editing by William Maclean and Dominic Evans)']), ([u'ASML to Sell 15 Next-Generation Systems to U.S. Chipmaker'], [u"AMSTERDAM \u2014  ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chip makers, will sell 15 of its next-generation machines to a single U.S. customer, it said on Wednesday, in a deal that could be worth more than $1 billion.", u'Analysts identified the likely buyer of the lithography systems as Intel and said the deal would not only boost ASML growth for years to come, but was also a big vote of confidence in the technology.', u'The extreme ultraviolet (EUV) chip etching systems - which use focused energy beams to trace out the circuitry of semiconductors, making them smaller and faster than ever - have a list price of 95 million euros ($102 million) each.', u'"In our view this is a clear sign of trust in the new technology, which will be welcomed by the market," said ING analyst Robin van den Broek, who rates shares a "hold".', u'"Moreover, it will also put pressure on other chip manufacturers, especially logic clients, to also consider bulking up orders for EUV," he wrote.', u'ASML shares were up 8.6 percent at 99.50 euros by 0644 EDT.', u"ASML spokesman Niclas Mika said the first two systems in Wednesday's order would be delivered this year.", u'Intel declined to comment.', u"The world's largest chip makers all use ASML's machines, but Intel and Taiwan Semiconductor (TSMC) are pushing hardest to integrate the new machines into their manufacturing process. TSMC has said it expects to have a machine in full-scale commercial use by the end of next year.", u'Several leading chipmakers have invested in both ASML and the EUV technology itself. Intel holds 14.37 percent of ASML, while TSMC and Samsung Electronics have smaller  stakes.', u"Separately, ASML said last week it expected to ship six EUV systems this year. TSMC has confirmed it will take two. Now that Intel is expected also to take two, analysts will be looking to see whether Apple's major chip supplier Samsung will be purchasing the final pair.", u'($1 = 0.9295 euros)', u'(Reporting by Toby Sterling, editing by Louise Heavens and Susan Thomas)']), ([u'Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends'], [u"CAIRO \u2014  Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group.", u'"We call for - after the complete cessation of the brutal aggression on Yemen and the total dismantling of the blockade on its people - the resumption of political dialogue under the auspices of the United Nations," the movement\'s spokesman, Mohammed Abdul-Salam, wrote on his Facebook page.', u'The statement appeared after the Arab alliance announced on Tuesday it was stopping its campaign but would continue to target Iran-allied Houthi rebel movements inside Yemen as needed, and enforce an air and sea blockade to prevent weapons shipments.', u'(Reporting By Mohammed Ghobari; Writing by Noah Browning, Editing by William Maclean and Dominic Evans)']), ([u'Deutsche Telekom Eyes New Cooperation Partners: Manager Magazin'], [u"FRANKFURT \u2014  Deutsche Telekom is in talks with potential new partners looking for procurement deals, Germany's Manager Magazin reported on Wednesday, citing company sources.", u'According to the magazine, Deutsche Telekom was in talks with Nordic telecoms operators TeliaSonera and Telenor.', u"Deutsche Telekom already has a similar deal with France's Orange.", u'Deutsche Telekom was immediately available for comment. TeliaSonera and Telenor had no immediate comment.', u'(Reporting by Harro ten Wolde in Frankfurt; Additional reporting by Sven Nordenstam in Stockholm and Stine Jacobsen in Oslo; Editing by Maria Sheahan)']), ([u'Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire'], [u"SHENZHEN, China \u2014  China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday.", u"Xu's remarks are a rare example of a top Chinese CEO openly questioning the direction of Beijing's information security policy, already a source of concern for countries who fear it will limit opportunities for their technology firms.", u'In recent months Chinese leaders have advanced, albeit fitfully, several technology "localization" measures to minimize the threat of foreign cyberspying, by encouraging or requiring use of domestic products in important systems.', u"But such policies could hamper free competition and innovation in Chinese industry and undermine Chinese security in the long term, Xu said in an interview on the sidelines of Huawei's annual global analyst summit in Shenzhen.", u'"If we\'re not open, if we don\'t bring in the world\'s best technology, we\'ll never have true information security," Xu said, comparing China\'s enterprise (corporate) computing industry to primary school students competing against foreign rivals at university level.', u'"Even if you localize, make your own CPUs (central processing units), make your own operating systems, make your own database software, it would still be at a grade school level, (with) your (security measures) transparent to the college students," Xu said.', u'"The only way you can answer the security problem is to keep improving your technology."', u'A spokesman for China\'s Internet regulator said localisation will not influence the competitiveness of the domestic technology industry, and the policy will continue to be pushed forward. "There\'s not at all a conflict between network security examinations and an open market," the Cyberspace Administration of China spokesman told Reuters in response to a request for comment on Xu\'s remarks.', u'GOOD MONEY AFTER BAD?', u"Xu's scepticism comes despite the fact that his company should, in theory, be one of the biggest beneficiaries of China's domestic technology push.", u'The world leader in manufacturing equipment for telecommunications carriers like Telefonica and British Telecom, Huawei in recent years has expanded into enterprise technology, offering competitive alternatives to Western-made servers and data storage for banks and government agencies.', u'Although Huawei would gain more contracts if foreign products were kept out, Xu said, the overall quality of technology used in China could drop.', u'"From China\'s perspective, to determine whether this is a good thing or bad thing we have to look at whether the market has healthy competition," he said. "Is this good money replacing bad money or bad money replacing good money?"', u'He also feared the repercussions for international trade.', u'"If the Chinese market is not open, then the European market won\'t be open, other markets won\'t be open, then what\'s the result?" he said. "The result is everyone draws a line around their own territory."', u'WASHINGTON WORRIED', u"Xu's comments echo concerns expressed by the White House and U.S. business lobbies, who have likened China's cybersecurity policies to protectionism and fear it will discriminate against players like Intel Corp, Cisco Systems and Qualcomm Inc.", u'The cybersecurity dispute has strained U.S.-China ties in recent months, although regulators in Beijing said last week they would temporarily suspend the implementation of rules governing bank-technology purchases.', u"Xu said Huawei's critical view of current policy was shared by others within China's government and technology industry, but when asked if he had expressed that view to the Chinese leadership, he declined to say.", u'"Our perspective is recognized by some technical experts in the country," he said. "Localization doesn\'t guarantee security; anyone who understands a little bit about technology understands this."', u"China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology was not immediately available to comment.", u'Founded by a former Chinese military officer, Huawei itself was locked out of a major market in 2012, when it was labelled a national security risk in a U.S. Congressional report.', u"The company's lobbyists in Washington have slammed the report's findings as false and politically influenced while positioning Huawei as a champion of free-market competition.", u"Huawei's telecom carrier business in 2014 recorded a 20 percent increase in revenue to 288 billion yuan ($46.45 billion), placing it neck-and-neck with Swedish rival Ericsson.", u'But the company has forecast growth in its carrier division to flatten in several years with growth in its enterprise computing division to pick up the slack.', u"Xu declined to address the prospect of Huawei seeking to enter the U.S. telecoms market despite speculation that American carriers would like to see another vendor choice following Nokia and Alcatel-Lucent's proposed $16.6 billion merger.", u'"Our problem in America isn\'t about the carriers not wanting to work with us," Xu said, adding that countries should follow the example of Britain, which issued an independent audit this year finding Huawei\'s equipment did not pose a risk to its cybersecurity.', u'(Additional reporting by Yimou Lee, Paul Carsten and Beijing Newsroom; Editing by Mike Collett-White, Jason Subler and Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'EMC Rises on Strong VMware Results, Despite Slashing Forecast'], [u'(Reuters) - Data storage products maker EMC Corp slashed its full-year revenue and profit forecasts, blaming a strong dollar, and reported quarterly results that missed market expectations.', u"However, the company's stock rose as much as 4.7 percent on Wednesday as investors focused on the strong results posted a day earlier by VMware Inc, in which EMC holds an 80 percent stake.", u'Activist investor Elliott Management Corp has been pressuring EMC to spin off virtualization software maker VMware. Reuters reported in February that EMC had decided not to spin off the business.', u'"What\'s implied by the prices right now is that there\'s less pressure on EMC to spin off VMware," FBN Securities analyst Shebly Seyrafi said.', u'Macquarie Research analyst Rajesh Ghai, however, attributed the spike in EMC\'s shares to "pure arithmetic".', u'"One asset (VMware) goes up in value and that\'s contributing to the parent\'s valuation," he said.', u"EMC's first-quarter results were also better than some investors had expected, Ghai added, as some of the company's cost-cutting measures came as welcome news.", u'EMC said it cut 1,500 jobs in the first quarter ended March 31.', u'The company cut its full-year revenue forecast by about $400 million to $25.7 billion and its adjusted profit forecast by 7 cents per share to $1.91. (http://', u')', u'Analysts on average were expecting a profit of $1.97 per share and revenue of $25.90 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'EMC generated more than 44 percent of its quarterly revenue outside North America, and took a hit from the stronger dollar, which rose about 9 percent against a basket of currencies in the first three months of the year.', u'The company\'s so-called "federated business model" comprises its main data-storage unit, enterprise security business RSA, cloud-computing software maker Pivotal, and VMware.', u'Geo-political factors in Russia and China hurt storage revenue in the quarter, EMC said.', u'Still, total revenue rose to $5.61 billion in the quarter from $5.48 billion a year earlier.', u'Net income attributable to EMC fell to $252 million, or 13 cents per share, from $392 million, or 19 cents.', u'Excluding items, the company earned 31 cents per share.', u'Analysts on average had expected a profit of 36 cents and revenue of $5.73 billion.', u"EMC's shares were up 2.5 percent at $26.99 on the New York Stock Exchange on Wednesday. VMware's shares were up more than 5 percent at $89.99.", u"(Editing by Savio D'Souza and Simon Jennings)"]), ([u'Opera CEO Says Markets Developing Positively Despite Russia Troubles'], [u"OSLO \u2014  Norway's Opera Software, a maker of internet browsers and mobile phone advertising solutions, currently sees positive market developments despite difficulties in Russia and a reorganization of its development teams, CEO Lars Boilesen said.", u'"We feel that the market in general is pretty good right now," Boilesen told Reuters. "We have informed the market about the situation in Russia and said the economic situation there is not optimal. This has not changed during the past few months."', u'Opera disappointed investors in February when it presented below-forecast fourth-quarter earnings and set revenue and earnings targets for 2015 that were far below expectations, sending its share price down 44 percent.', u'"But we feel that things are going very well for us right now. We are executing on what we have said we would. Things are very positive now and we are moving ahead full throttle," Boilesen said on Wednesday.', u"Opera's share price has risen by about 40 percent to around 71 Norwegian crowns since hitting a 2015 low in early March, but is still down 33 percent from its January high.", u'The company is currently in the midst of reorganizing its developing teams, affecting about 70 jobs that will be cut or moved, of which 30 Norwegian jobs are shifted to Poland.', u'"I see that this has been interpreted as a sign of things going worse for Opera at the moment, forcing us to move more of our business to low cost countries. That is not correct at all, I can guarantee it," Boilesen said.', u'"Cost cutting has not at all been a part of the process here," he added.', u'Poland is the main hub for developing the Opera desktop browser.', u'"This is a big deal internally, because it\'s never pleasant to let people go this way. But it has no effect what so ever on what we have communicated earlier about expected growth going forward," Boilesen said.', u"The company's browsers are among the most popular to use in Russia, a market hit by Western sanctions and a weakening rouble, but the CEO said he still took an optimistic view on business going forward.", u'Opera is scheduled to report first-quarter earnings on May 13.', u'(Reporting by Joachim Dagenborg, editing by Terje Solsvik)']), ([u'LG Display Books Four-Year-High Profit, Downplays Supply Glut Fear'], [u"SEOUL \u2014  South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd downplayed risks of a supply glut in the global panel market after reporting its best quarterly profit in more than four years, seeking to assuage fear about a sharp profit decline later this year.", u'Deteriorating economic conditions in Western Europe and weaker currencies of key emerging markets like Brazil and Russia are hurting television makers. Investors and analysts worry that TV makers will cut orders and hurt panel sales, while factories of Chinese panel manufacturers scheduled to begin production later this year could weigh on prices.', u'Data from researcher DisplaySearch showed that prices of panels for devices such as TVs, laptops and monitors as of April 20 were broadly weaker than April 7. This pushed LG Display stock to a near two-week low on Tuesday, and the shares ended unchanged on Wednesday before the firm reported healthy profit.', u"Chief Financial Officer Don Kim said during a post-earnings conference with analysts that the weak share performance reflected market worries about the firm's earnings outlook. He said business conditions would be challenging in the second quarter, but ruled out the odds of a major oversupply problem.", u'"It\'s unlikely for an oversupply problem to upset the current supply-demand balance," Kim said.', u'Q1 PROFIT BEATS ESTIMATES', u'LG Display reported 744 billion won ($689.73 million) in operating profit for the first quarter, the strongest since the at least the first quarter of 2011, from when its current accounting standards apply. That compared with a 490 billion won mean estimate by 32 analysts in a Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S poll.', u'The company attributed the rise to stable demand for TV panels as well as belt-tightening: the firm cut production costs by around 150 billion won from the previous quarter.', u"Analysts say LG Display also benefited from sales of screens for Apple Inc's new iPhones and the Apple Watch, which goes on sale from this week.", u'Yet Apple-related sales are unlikely to reassure those worried about the outlook for LG Display, which in general earns more from larger panels.', u'"Though panel prices are kept to a certain level, (TV) brand vendors have revised their shipments downwards and may later face inventory pressure," said researcher TrendForce.', u'LG Display said shipments would likely grow at a low to mid single-digit percentage rate in the second quarter in sequential terms, and that the average selling price in the broader market is not likely to change significantly during the period.', u'(This version of the story recasts, adds the context and comments from LG Display)', u'(Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Review: Plenty of Options for HBO Online, Not Enough Time'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  HBO Now, the cable channel's new stand-alone streaming service, is both a blessing and a curse.", u'Like HBO Go, the app that cable and satellite TV subscribers have, HBO Now gives you instant access to new TV episodes and movies, along with programs from months and years ago. People who don\'t subscribe to cable TV are now able to watch hit shows such as "Game of Thrones" and "Girls" without "borrowing" parents\' accounts or turning to piracy sites.', u'The curse? Having more video than you can ever find time to watch.', u'I spent a weekend catching up on "Game of Thrones" in time for the April 12 season premiere. Then I squandered a day off from work bingeing on the startup parody "Silicon Valley." Now on my list: shows that ended years ago, including "Six Feet Under."', u"And don't get me started on movies. HBO gets many Hollywood hits that never make it to Netflix streaming. Plus, it makes its own movies, including recent documentaries on Frank Sinatra and Scientology.", u"Here's your guide:", u'___', u'HOW TO WATCH', u'You can watch new episodes online at the same time they are shown on TV, just as you can with HBO Go. You get all past episodes of HBO shows and an extensive library of original movies. Theatrical movies come and go.', u'For now, HBO Now requires you to have an Apple TV, iPhone or iPad or be a Cablevision Internet subscriber to sign up. It costs $15 a month and is available only in the U.S.', u'You can watch on the Apple gadgets or personal computers, but not yet on Android or streaming TV devices besides the $69 Apple TV. HBO Now should be available on more devices once an exclusivity deal with Apple expires this summer.', u'___', u'BENEFITS', u'As with HBO Go, new TV episodes appear on demand immediately \u2014 and you can skip ahead to find out the ending before TV viewers.', u"It's cheaper than paying for a cable TV package. You can drop HBO Now when your month is up.", u'___', u'BUT YOU STILL MIGHT WANT HBO THE REGULAR WAY ...', u"If you're already paying for a cable or satellite TV package, you're probably better off getting HBO as part of that rather than signing up for HBO Now on your own. That will give you a lineup of traditional channels, including HBO, HBO2, HBO Family and HBO Latino. More importantly, you might be able to negotiate a discount as part of a package. But it can be difficult to drop HBO once it's in a package, so HBO Now is better for short-term subscriptions.", u'___', u'OTHER WAYS TO WATCH HBO ONLINE', u'\u2014 HBO is $15 a month if you subscribe to Dish\'s $20-a-month online Sling TV service. You get the main HBO channel and video on demand, but not the full library yet. For example, only two of the 94 "Sex and the City" episodes are available. Dish says it\'s working to fix that, but it might take a few weeks.', u'\u2014 Amazon also makes HBO shows available for free to members of its $99-a-year Prime service. However, these tend to be older shows such as "The Sopranos" and some include only a few seasons. For the rest, you can buy episodes or seasons for download, but you have to wait months after they appear on TV.', u'\u2014 You can also buy shows through iTunes, Google Play and other services.', u'___', u'REPLICATING THE TV EXPERIENCE', u"Buy a streaming TV device. With HBO Now, you can watch on an Apple TV. With HBO Go, Sling TV and Amazon, your options include the $100 Roku 3 and the $39 Amazon Fire TV Stick. The Xbox and PlayStation game consoles also have streaming capabilities. Otherwise, you're stuck with a personal computer, phone or tablet.", u'___', u'RESTRICTIONS', u"Not every service is going to work on every device. Comcast subscribers can't watch HBO Go on Amazon's Fire TV, for instance, but Fire TV owners can get HBO through Sling TV. There are also blackouts due to rights issues. That happened with some overnight boxing programs on Sling TV this week.", u'These services typically give you three streams at once, meant for use within the same household.', u'___', u'Online:', u'HBO Now: ', u'Sling TV: ', u"Amazon's HBO collection: "]), ([u'Sony Raises Profit View as Videogame Sales Herald Turnaround'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Japanese consumer electronics firm Sony Corp raised its earnings estimates for the second time in three months on Wednesday, citing higher than expected sales of video games and digital cameras.', u'Sony said it probably made an operating profit of 68 billion yen ($569 million) in the year ended March 31, compared with 26.5 billion yen a year earlier. That compares with its previous estimated operating profit of 20 billion yen.', u'The Tokyo-based firm is finally reaping the benefit of restructuring efforts after weak TV and smartphone sales brought years of heavy losses. After massive cost cuts, it has sought targeted expansion under Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai in lucrative areas such as sensors for smartphone cameras.', u"Sony is set to make its official earnings statement for the year on April 30. Before Wednesday's move, following an upward revision in February, the average forecast among 19 analysts for operating profit was 50.3 billion yen.", u'As part of its restructuring, Sony has spun off its TV business. It also plans to split off its audio and video business as part of a new strategy to encourage greater autonomy among its subsidiaries.', u'The company had struggled to gain market share in high-end smartphones, lagging far behind leaders Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.', u'Sony on Wednesday also narrowed its overall net loss estimate to 126 billion yen from 170 billion yen, and raised its revenue estimate to 8.2 trillion yen from 8.0 trillion yen.', u"It cited strength in its financial services unit, saying the stock market's rise helped to bolster the finances of its life insurance division.", u'Its shares have risen more than 30 percent so far this year on signs of progress toward a long-awaited turnaround. Year-on-year, the shares have nearly doubled, hitting 3,827.50 yen earlier this month, their highest since 2008.', u'Jefferies reiterated its "buy" rating on the shares, with a price target of 5,000 yen, citing strong sales of PlayStation 4.', u'($1 = 119.5700 yen)', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando and Chris Gallagher; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell and Keith Weir)']), ([u'Uber Returning to Portland Under City-Approved Regulations'], [u'PORTLAND, Ore. \u2014  A divided Portland City Council on Tuesday voted to allow ride-sharing companies to operate in the city under a four month pilot program, which includes certain regulations and requires the firms provide access to disabled riders.', u'After a more than four-hour special meeting, the council voted 3-2 to allow app-based ride hailing services Uber and Lyft to operate in Portland.', u'Uber has been fighting with cities across the country, contending it is not a taxi service and should not be required to adhere to existing taxicab regulations. The firm agreed in December to halt services in Portland until the city could draft regulations.\xa0', u'"This is a change that none of us wanted. The cab companies didn\'t want it. I didn\'t want it. It\'s a change that - like a lot of change that is all around us right now - is coming pretty fast," Mayor Charlie Hales said before voting in favor of the plan. "The question is can government keep up to it. That\'s what we\'re attempting to do here."', u'Dozens of people spoke at the public hearing, including upset taxicab drivers who argued that the regulations were unfair and supporters who said the companies offer a desired service and job opportunities for drivers.\xa0', u"The regulations require Uber and Lyft drivers to obtain a business license and for the companies to ensure accessibility for people with disabilities. The council will get regular updates from the city's Private For-Hire Innovation Task Force on the program.\xa0", u'"We are a huge supporter of safety and we are very deeply committed to following the regulations that are put forth," Uber General Manager Brooke Steger said during the meeting.', u'Valued at an estimated $40 billion, Uber says it offers its mobile phone taxi-hailing service in more than 270 cities. But the San Francisco-based company has faced criticism from all over the globe over safety concerns and allegations of operating illegally in cities.', u'Commissioners Amanda Fritz and Nick Fish voted against the measure, citing those issues.', u'The pilot program also includes easing some regulations on taxi companies for the 120 days in an apparent attempt to appease opposition.\xa0But cab companies still voiced frustration.\xa0', u'"When you start negotiating with $40 billion out of state corporations at night it stops being about public policy and starts being about corporate greed," Broadway Cab President Raye Miles said.\xa0', u'(Reporting by Curtis Skinner; Editing by Simon Cameron-Moore)']), ([u'BlackBerry Introduces Security Offering for IoT Devices'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is launching a new certificate service that will help bring the security level it offers on smartphones to a slew of devices from cars to smart meters.', u'Certicom, a subsidiary of BlackBerry and an industry pioneer in elliptic curve cryptography, announced a new offering that it contends will secure millions of devices, expected to be part of the growing Internet of Things (IoT) sphere.', u'The company said it has already won a contract in Britain to issue certificates for the smart meter initiative there with more than 104 million smart meters and home energy management devices.', u'The service will make it much easier for companies rolling out such devices to authenticate and secure them, the company said.', u'Separately, BlackBerry also outlined a plan to expand its research and development efforts on innovation and improvement in computer security.', u'The initiative is being dubbed BlackBerry Center for High Assurance Computing Excellence (CHACE).', u'Increased network and device security has become a huge focus for large North American corporations in the face of costly and damaging security breaches.', u'U.S. retailer Target Corp is still recovering from a major breach in 2013 in which 40 million payment card numbers and 70 million other pieces of customer data such as email addresses and phone numbers were stolen.', u'Michaels Stores, the biggest U.S. arts and crafts retailer, said last year it had suffered a security breach that may have affected about 2.6 million payment cards.', u'BlackBerry said the fail-then-patch approach to managing security risk has become a widely accepted practice, but through CHACE it plans to develop tools and techniques that deliver a far higher level of protection than is currently available.', u'(Reporting by Euan Rocha; Editing by Grant McCool)']), ([u'Yahoo Shows Growth in Mobile Advertising, but Results Miss Estimates'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  At ', u', the turnaround that investors are hoping for remains elusive.', u'The Internet company reported first-quarter financial results that showed strong growth in newer areas like mobile advertising. But costs rose even faster, depressing profits.', u'Yahoo\u2019s results, which fell below Wall Street\u2019s expectations, reflect the slow progress made by Yahoo\u2019s chief executive, ', u', in reviving the 20-year-old outfit. Yahoo was a gateway to the Internet for the first generation of web users but faded in importance as Google, Facebook and a legion of mobile apps outmaneuvered it for both ad dollars and users\u2019 attention.', u'\u201cThey are still in the middle of this transition and turnaround,\u201d said Robert Peck, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. \u201cWhile she\u2019s cutting spending, she\u2019s investing as well.\u201d', u'Yahoo ', u' of $21 million, or 2 cents a share, down sharply from the $312 million, or 29 cents a share, the Internet company reported a year ago.', u'Excluding stock-based compensation and other items, Yahoo made a profit of 15 cents a share, falling short of the 18 cents a share that Wall Street had expected on that basis.', u'Revenue for the first quarter was $1.23 billion, up slightly from the $1.13 billion that the company brought in during the same period last year, as search revenue and even old-fashioned display ads increased. After deducting payments to advertising partners, however, revenue was $1.04 billion, below the $1.07 billion predicted by analysts.', u'Yahoo\u2019s stock initially fell in after-hours trading following the release of its results. But it rose during Yahoo\u2019s conference call with analysts, when Ms. Mayer said that Yahoo had hired advisers to explore how to maximize the value of the company\u2019s 35.5 percent stake in Yahoo Japan, which is worth nearly $9 billion.', u'Since Ms. Mayer joined the company in 2012, Yahoo\u2019s stock has traded more on the value of its investments in Yahoo Japan and Alibaba, a leading Chinese e-commerce company, than on its core business. In January, she ', u' to spin off Yahoo\u2019s 15.4 percent stake in Alibaba.', u'In Yahoo\u2019s operating businesses, Ms. Mayer is trying to refocus the company around mobile apps, native ads, video services and the Tumblr social network, while reducing staffing in the company\u2019s other divisions, like its traditional web offerings.', u'In the first quarter, Yahoo cut net employment by 1,100 jobs, Ms. Mayer said on the call. Since her arrival, she has reduced the number of full-time employees by 2,800 jobs, or 20 percent.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s really been about remixing and pivoting the company,\u201d she said.', u'Despite the cuts, the amount of money Yahoo paid to partners to acquire ad traffic quadrupled in the quarter, crimping profits.', u'Ms. Mayer said the company was developing mobile search tools to anticipate what on-the-go users might need, like boarding information for a flight they are about to take.', u'\u201cThe question I have is, how much are you willing to spend on it?\u201d Mr. Peck asked.', u'Last week, Ms. Mayer ', u' with Microsoft on search results and advertising, which accounted for 35 percent of Yahoo\u2019s revenue last year. Under that deal, the two companies will continue to work together for five more years, with Yahoo now getting the ability to serve up its own search results and ads for up to 49 percent of queries.']), ([u'White House Seeks Silicon Valley Help on Strong Yet Breakable Encryption'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The Obama administration hopes Silicon Valley technologists can think of a system with strong encryption that could be pierced legally by one party without opening the door to others, a White House official said on Tuesday.', u'White House cybersecurity policy coordinator Michael Daniel said at the annual RSA Conference on security that he is trying to set starting principles for a broad public discussion on the issue, which has been a major source of tension with technology companies and other cyber experts.', u'A panel of experts convened by the administration following leaks by former U.S. intelligence agency contractor Edward Snowden called on the government to promote strong encryption and stop trying to subvert it by surreptitious means, arguing that U.S. companies would bring in less revenue overseas if privacy protections were suspect.', u'But the White House has yet to adopt that stand, and senior intelligence officials including FBI Director James Comey have faulted Apple Inc and Google Inc for ramping up encryption post-Snowden.', u"In a meeting with a handful of reporters, Daniel was asked whether or not he could name a respected technology figure who believed it possible to have strong encryption that could be circumvented by just one party's legal authority.", u'"I don\'t have any off the top my head," Daniel said, but added that if any place could come up with an answer, it would be the "enormously creative" Silicon Valley.', u'After the White House sets principles, factoring in national and economic security, and privacy, Daniel said he would want to engage with technology companies, heavy encryption users in the financial sector, other industries and other countries.', u'Ultimately, he said, there might not be a solution.', u'"It is one of the most challenging issues I have in my portfolio," Daniel said. "Every aspect of it is challenging."', u'After a similar debate two decades ago, the Clinton administration abandoned the "Clipper Chip," which likewise attempted to mandate lawful access on new technology.', u"During separate events at RSA Security LLC's conference, Daniel and U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson said Silicon Valley could help manage the trade-off between security and privacy needs.", u'(Editing by Grant McCool)']), ([u'Broadcom Profit Beats as Demand Rises From Smartphone Makers'], [u'(Reuters) - Wireless chip maker Broadcom Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, helped by strong sales of its WiFi and broadband chips to smartphone makers such as Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd.', u"Shares of Broadcom, which also forecast current-quarter revenue above analysts' expectations, rose 5.4 percent in extended trading on Tuesday.", u"The company has been benefiting from strong demand for Apple's iPhone 6, which was launched in September. Samsung's Galaxy S6, launched in April, is also expected to drive sales this year.", u'Broadcom is exiting its baseband chips business after falling behind Qualcomm in the development of 4G technology increasingly used by carriers.', u'While the move freed up resources, it also raised concerns of competitive disadvantage due to the lack of a 4G product.', u'The stronger-than-expected forecast allayed some of those concerns as the baseband exit is expected to help the company focus more on its better-performing networking and broadband businesses.', u"Sanford C. Bernstein analyst Stacy Rasgon said Broadcom's strong second-quarter forecast could be coming on the back of higher demand for chips from Samsung for its Galaxy S6 smartphone.", u'Samsung said last week that demand for both the flat-screen and curved-screen models of Galaxy S6 was "much higher" than expected. Apple sold 74.5 million iPhones in the quarter ended Dec. 27.', u'Broadcom forecast revenue of $2.10 billion, plus or minus $75 million, for the second quarter ending June 30. Analysts on average were expecting $2.07 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'Broadcom also said it took a restructuring charge of $159 million, as of March 31, related to its exit from the baseband business. (http://', u')', u"The contribution of the baseband business to Broadcom's total revenue fell to 4 percent in 2014 from 8 percent in 2013.", u"Broadcom's net income rose to $209 million, or 34 cents per share, in the first quarter ended March 31 from $165 million, or 28 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, the company earned 64 cents per share.', u'Revenue rose about 4 percent to $2.06 billion.', u'Analysts on average had expected earnings of 60 cents per share and revenue of $2.01 billion.', u"The Irvine, California-based company's shares closed at $43.98 on Tuesday on the Nasdaq.", u'(Reporting by Kshitiz Goliya and Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'Mosaic Aims to Bring Color to Cheap 3D Printers'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  Canadian tech start-up Mosaic is putting color into low-end 3D printers in a move to make the technology more accessible for everything from architectural modeling to medical training.', u'Mosaic is one of the latest in a slew of Canadian start-ups to jump into hardware, as the tech landscape, especially in the hardware segment enjoys a revival in Canada.', u"Canadian hardware, once dominated by BlackBerry Ltd and its devices, has been relatively quiet over the last decade. The slide in BlackBerry's fortunes has partially led to a surge in the number of Canadian hardware-focused start-ups in recent years.", u"Companies like Aeryon Labs, which makes drones, to  Clearpath Robotics, which makes mobile robots and Nymi, the maker of a wristband that authenticates a person's identity by using their cardiac rhythm are among the firms leading the Canadian resurgence.", u'Montreal-based Mosaic is hoping to capitalize on a rapidly growing 3D printer market. More than 108,000 3D printers shipped in 2014 and numbers should double every year, hitting 2.3 million by 2018, according to a forecast from technology research firm  Gartner.', u'"Parents will have a 3D printer at home for their secondary and post-secondary students taking design, engineering or arts courses," said Pete Basiliere, an imaging and print services analyst at Gartner.', u'"There is a vast market of consumers worldwide who have the means to afford a 3D printer for their home," he said.', u'Mosaic, whose device feeds multiple colors into the most common 3D printers, is taking pre-orders on a sub-$1,000 product called the Palette. The device offer an option to make 3D color prints and is compatible with most low-end 3D printers and should be compatible with future models as well.', u'Early indications are that interest in the Palette is high, as Mosaic, which began a crowd-funding campaign to raise some C$75,000 ($61,064) for the first production run of the model on Tuesday, raised more than 90 percent of its goal within the first hour.', u'Some are already lining up to get their hands on the device that is expected to launch early next year. Paul Fotheringham, a former investment banker turned 3D print maven, plans to scoop up one of the first production models for a pilot project at a hospital in Liverpool.', u"Doctors there plan to scan a patient's cancerous organ and print a plastic model with bright red arteries and blue veins on which they can practice surgery.", u'(Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe)']), ([u'Google Lobbying Spending Reached New High in Early 2015'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Google Inc, already one of Washington's biggest spenders, set a company record for its lobbying activity in the first quarter of 2015 when it spent $5.5 million, according to a government database.", u'Google ranked ninth in terms of total lobbying spending in 2014 at $16.8 million, behind the U.S. Chamber of Commerce ($124 million) and the National Association of Realtors ($55 million), according to the Center for Responsive Politics.', u'The disclosure on lobbying expenditures comes as the company faces charges brought by the European Union that it demoted rivals in search results.', u"Europe has also opened an investigation into allegations that Google uses Android to keep its dominance as consumers go mobile, while Google's rivals are asking the U.S. Justice Department to also open a formal probe into Android in the United States.", u"The $5.5 million Google spent in the first three months of 2015 is the most since the company began lobbying in 2007, according to the government database. Its ranking for this quarter's spending could not be immediately determined.", u"Google's growing investment in lobbying highlights the tech firm's expanding presence in Washington as it fights antitrust battles at home and abroad, and grows its business into new areas such as broadband connectivity and self-driving cars.", u"In the first quarter of 2015, Google's list of lobbying issues included legislative efforts to clamp down on aggressive patent litigation, a push to allow skilled immigrants to more easily stay in the United States, ", u', tax reform and broadband deployment, the company said in its disclosure statement.', u'"Google\'s big spending in Washington could be meant in part to rally Congress and the White House to come to its defense in the face of the EU\'s antitrust case against the company," said Viveca Novak, a spokeswoman for the Center for Responsive Politics.', u'"It needs allies, the more prominent the better -- and it also wants to stave off any similar government inquiries stateside," she added.', u"Google, a sprawling search and advertising behemoth, has faced a range of investigations on issues ranging from scraping rivals' reviews to demoting rivals' content.", u'It settled with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission on these issues in early 2013 but European competition authorities brought formal charges against Google last week. Google has denied any wrongdoing, and could not immediately be reached for comment on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'U.S. Homeland Security to Set Up Cyber Security Office in Silicon Valley'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is in the final stages of planning to set up a satellite office in California's Silicon Valley, aiming to build relationships with the technology industry and scout for talent there, the department's secretary said on Tuesday.", u'The move would be unprecedented and signals the intent of government to smoothe relationships with tech companies in the wake of damaging revelations over digital surveillance by former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden.', u'"We want to strengthen critical relationships in Silicon Valley and ensure the government and the private sector benefits from each other\'s research and development," said U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security Jeh Johnson at a presentation at the RSA conference on computer security in San Francisco.', u'"We want to convince some of the talented workforce here in Silicon Valley to come to Washington. The new U.S. Digital Service provides the option for talent to flow and rotate between private industry and our government teams," he said.', u"U.S. tech companies such as Microsoft Corp, Google Inc and Facebook Inc have had an uneasy relationship with the U.S. government and its security agencies since Snowden's revelations, aligning themselves publicly with their customers' right to privacy over the government's desire for more effective surveillance of potential threats.", u'Johnson exhorted the tech industry to dial back its push for greater encryption on Tuesday, saying that it made it harder for government agencies to detect criminal activity.', u'"The current course we are on, towards deeper and deeper encryption, in response to the demands of the marketplace, is one that presents real challenges to those in law enforcement and national security," said Johnson. "Encryption is making it harder for your government to find criminal activity... We need your help to find the solution."', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Diane Craft)']), ([u"New York's Infor Says Reaches Deal to Resell Software in Cuba"], [u'HAVANA \u2014  New York City-based software company Infor has identified a Cuban partner and reached an agreement to resell software in Cuba, Chief Executive Officer Charles Phillips said on Tuesday.', u'Phillips announced the deal at the conclusion of a two-day trade mission to Cuba led by New York Governor Andrew Cuomo.', u'(Reporting by Daniel Trotta; Editing by Chris Reese)']), ([u'Uber Complies With German Ban on Unlicensed Cab Drivers'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  Online taxi firm Uber will comply with a German ban on its services using unlicensed cab drivers by lowering its fees so it becomes more like a ride sharing service.', u'The Frankfurt regional court last month set stiff fines for any violations of local transport laws by Uber in a case brought by German taxi operator group Taxi Deutschland.', u'Uber said in a statement on Tuesday that the ruling was now enforceable, calling it "a defeat for all those who want more choice for their personal mobility".', u'To comply, UberPOP, an online service that links private drivers with passengers via their mobile phones, will immediately switch to a per kilometer tariff of 35 cents in Frankfurt and Munich, a policy it had already adopted in Berlin, Duesseldorf and Hamburg.', u'It said that would make offering rides significantly less attractive for drivers, which would mean it would probably become much harder to book a ride in coming weeks.', u'Uber said it will continue to operate services in Germany using licensed limousine and taxi drivers and is working on an alternative ride sharing service that would meet German rules.', u"\xa0 \xa0Uber, worth an estimated $40 billion making it the world's most valuable venture-backed start-up,\xa0has set out to revolutionize local transport services worldwide, from taxis to carpools to fast-food delivery.", u"Uber's popular mobile phone taxi-hailing services have mushroomed since being launched in 2010 and are offered in nearly 270 cities worldwide.", u'But Uber also has become a magnet for criticism of its business style of moving first and asking permission later. It has faced complaints around the world over how it pays drivers, charges passengers and ensures their safety.', u'(Reporting by Emma Thomasson; editing by David Clarke)']), ([u'Nokia Bets Software Revolution Will Help Avoid Past Merger Errors'], [u"PARIS/HELSINKI/STOCKHOLM \u2014  Nokia's acquisition of smaller rival Alcatel-Lucent may avoid the pitfalls that befell earlier telecom network equipment marriages, thanks to a revolution over the past decade in how products are launched and developed.", u'The brains and brawn of telecom networks today lie in software, which is programmable and flexible, and not in customized hardware as in the past. Products are more modular with open interfaces that allow equipment from different manufacturers to talk to each other.', u"That should make it quicker and cheaper to combine the two companies' products, analysts and telecom executives said, and may help Nokia succeed where other acquisitions have struggled.", u'Nokia has promised 900 million euros ($960 million) of cost savings by 2019 from the Alcatel-Lucent acquisition, which is set to be completed in the first half of next year.', u"Analysts believe the biggest chunk will come from the wireless business where Nokia's 4G mobile network products will eventually replace those of Alcatel, allowing it to trim expensive R&D budgets and redeploy engineers.", u'The history of mergers in the telecom equipment sector is poor - including those that brought Alcatel together with Lucent, and Nokia with Siemens in 2006.', u'The cost savings promised from those deals ended up being given back to customers via lower prices because rivals Ericsson and Huawei [HWT.UL] went on the attack to steal contracts while the companies were distracted by their integrations.', u'Culling product portfolios also proved costly and slow because of the need to keep supporting gear already installed in major telecom carriers\' networks. A mobile base station installed at an operator such as Verizon or Vodafone remains in service for a decade and the equipment maker commits a team of engineers to a "product development roadmap" to improve it over time.', u'This time more of those improvements can come from software upgrades so merging product lines will be easier, Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri promised investors after unveiling the Alcatel deal.', u'"While some of our past integration experiences have been painful at times, you should not be thinking about swap-out costs in the same way as in the past," he said. Open interfaces,  4G technology and cloud computing "allow more rapid and efficient integration", he added.', u"Getting the transition right is essential to achieving the synergies and avoiding alienating major customers such as Verizon or AT&T, the two leading carriers in the United States which have installed Alcatel-Lucent's 4G technology.", u'"What took Alcatel-Lucent and Nokia Siemens four or five years to do on the product roadmaps last time around will only take two or three years this time," said Pierre Ferragu, analyst at Bernstein Research.', u'However, Exane BNP Paribas analyst Alexandre Peterc is less confident and predicted that only half the promised 900 million euros in cost savings will materialize.', u'MOMENTUM RISK', u"Risto Lehtilahti, union representative at Nokia's R&D unit in Oulu, Finland, expressed concern that the company would lose momentum with clients during the integration, as it had during the Siemens merger and purchase of Motorola's U.S. mobile assets.", u'"Market shares have never been sustained after these mergers. As we are going through the transition period and before the picture clarifies, part of the orders will go to the rivals Ericsson and Huawei," he explained.', u'"The clients know what those vendors have and how their systems work, while it could take one or two years for us to\xa0come up with the product portfolio and client systems."', u'Analysts have pointed to contracts at U.S. number three operator Sprint as vulnerable because Nokia and Alcatel are the two primary suppliers for the 4G rollout, and the carrier may want to bring back Ericsson to maintain competition.', u"China's three mobile carriers, which are in the midst of a huge national 4G expansion, could also shift their spending a bit more to Ericsson since the state had mandated that foreign suppliers each get 10 percent of the contracts. After the deal Nokia would have 20 percent versus Ericsson's 10 percent, which may prompt a rethink.", u'Analysts are divided over how much such "dis-synergies" could hurt Nokia, with Deutsche Bank saying contracts worth 1.5 billion euros are at risk and Bernstein putting it at less than one third of that level.', u'Nokia tried to reassure investors last week even as it admitted that some contracts could be at risk. "We know that in these kind of transactions there could be situations which are difficult to foresee beforehand... so we\'re being prudent," said Suri.', u"The companies will also need to get ahead in the next product cycle. Bringing together Nokia's strengths in wireless and Alcatel's in Internet routing equipment positions the company for 5G, the next generation of mobile technology, when distinctions between fixed and mobile gear will largely disappear.", u'While 5G is not expected to be introduced until 2020, analysts say carriers will judge 5G suppliers by their ability to present a single product roadmap by late 2017 or face a loss of market share for future orders.', u'($1 = 0.9347 euros)', u'(editing by David Stamp)']), ([u'EU Google Probe Encourages Investors in Russia Competitor Yandex'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The European Union\'s antitrust probe into Google sparked a big rally in Russian search engine Yandex NV  last week, even though the "Russian Google" still faces significant challenges, competitive and otherwise.', u'Yandex has amassed a $6.54 billion market capitalization, mainly by selling advertising against the web browser used on 64 percent of Russian desktop computers.', u'But it has lost market share as Russian consumers have adopted Android-based cell phones that come pre-loaded with Google products that compete directly with Yandex applications.', u"It also saw earnings suffer as the Russian economy was hit by weak oil prices and Western sanctions over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis.", u'First-quarter earnings, due April 28, are seen falling 29.6 percent compared with a year earlier but revenue is seen up 11.9 percent, according to analysts surveyed by Thomson Reuters.', u'With Russian stocks recovering and the EU looking into whether Google has an unfair competitive advantage, some investors hope Yandex can win more screen space and advertising revenue. A recently announced deal with web browser Mozilla to make Yandex its default search engine in Turkey also may herald growth prospects for the company.', u"Yandex continues to grow, even though it faces the Google threat, said Susan McDonald, an investment manager on Aberdeen's London-based global emerging markets equities team, which recently began buying Yandex shares.", u"The stock, whose U.S. listing is on Nasdaq, rose 15.4 percent last week, the biggest one-week jump since April 2013, following the EU's Google announcement. They are up 14.4 percent year-to-date, based on their Monday closing price, less than the 31 percent rise in the Market Vectors Russia ETF's, a favorite way for U.S. investors to play the country.", u'The pop in Yandex\'s stock may have been overblown, suggested Robert Lutts, president of Cabot Money Management in Salem, Massachusetts, a long-term bull on Russia but skeptical about Yandex. "There was clearly a kneejerk reaction to the idea it could help the regulatory environment, but I suspect there\'s no real benefit."', u'WAITING FOR INVESTIGATIONS', u"The Russian Federal Antimonopoly Service (FAS) is also investigating Google's competitive practices in Russia after Yandex asked for such a probe.", u'The EU probe "supports allegations that Google abuses its dominant position on the mobile market by suppressing competition," Yandex told Reuters Monday via email, noting the EU requested evidence about Google\'s practices in Russia prior to the probe\'s announcement.', u'If Google were forced to stop bundling its product suite with phones using the Android operating system, that could open the way for Yandex to expand its mobile market share and ad revenue. That could be far down the road, though, with Google fighting the charges.', u"About 86 percent of Russian smartphones use Android, according to Gazprombank. In the fourth quarter, Yandex's Android market share was 44 percent, down from 49 percent the previous year.", u'In citing that data in its February downgrade of Yandex stock, Gazprombank said the company\'s "very limited ability to compete with Google" would erode its total Russian search market share eroding to 56 percent in 2018.', u'Yandex says its Russian search market share, including mobile, was 59.7 percent in the fourth quarter.', u"The company's forward price-to-earnings ratio of 25.65 is higher than Google but well below the triple-digit ratios of some U.S. Internet stocks. To compare with another Russian Internet company, electronic payments service provider Qiwi Plc, has a ratio of 18.35.", u'"It\'s difficult for Yandex that the future of the market is in mobile devices," said McDonald. "Yandex faces some challenges, but any volatility just provides the opportunity to buy a good long-term prospect while it\u2019s cheap."', u'(Reporting by Ryan Vlastelica; Editing by Linda Stern and W Simon)']), ([u'HP Says to Sell Photo Sharing Service Snapfish'], [u'(Reuters) - Hewlett-Packard Co said it would sell its web-based photo sharing service Snapfish to digital imaging company District Photo.', u'Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed.', u"HP, the world's No. 2 PC maker, bought Snapfish for more than $300 million in 2005 and made the company a part of its printing and personal systems group.", u'Reuters had reported in September that HP was exploring a sale of Snapfish.', u'HP said in October it would separate its computer and printer businesses from its corporate hardware and services operations this year.', u"(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)"]), ([u"Some Tech Firms Being 'Friendly to Terrorists' Says UK Police Chief"], [u'LONDON \u2014  Some technology and communication firms are helping militants avoid detection by developing systems that are "friendly to terrorists", Britain\'s top anti-terrorism police officer said on Tuesday.', u'Mark Rowley, the national police lead for counter-terrorism, said companies needed to think about their "corporate social responsibility" in creating products that made it hard for the authorities to access material during investigations.', u'"Some of the acceleration of technology, whether it\'s communications or other spheres, can be set up in different ways," Rowley told a conference in London.', u'"It can be set up in a way which is friendly to terrorists and helps them ... and creates challenges for law enforcement and intelligence agencies. Or it can be set up in a way which doesn\'t do that."', u"Ever since former U.S. spy agency contractor Edward Snowden disclosed the extent of surveillance by U.S. and British security agencies in 2013, intelligence chiefs have said the authorities' ability to monitor terrorism suspects had been severely degraded.", u'Documents leaked by Snowden showed spies had harvested data from the likes of Google, Yahoo and Microsoft, leading some other firms to create new encryption and privacy products that make it hard for agents to intercept communications.', u'"Snowden has created an environment where some technology companies are less comfortable working with law reinforcement and intelligence agencies and the bad guys are better informed," Rowley told Reuters after his speech.', u'"We all love the benefit of the internet and all the rest of it, but we need their support in making sure that they\'re doing everything possible to stop their technology being exploited by terrorists. I\'m saying that needs to be front and center of their thinking and for some it is and some it isn\'t."', u'He declined to identify which firms he was referring to.', u"Rowley's comments echo those made in January by John Sawers, the former head of Britain's foreign intelligence service, who said trust between technology firms and governments had been shattered and needed to be rebuilt.", u'Prime Minister David Cameron has vowed to give the security and intelligence services new powers to monitor Internet communications should he win an election on May 7.', u'(Reporting by Michael Holden; editing by Stephen Addison)']), ([u'Hewlett-Packard Teams With FireEye, Mandiant on Cybersecurity'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Hewlett-Packard Co will team with prominent cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc to offer services including assessments and incident response, bringing one of the most sophisticated security teams to a much broader market.', u'The two Silicon Valley companies announced their partnership as the largest conference aimed at corporate security buyers gets underway Tuesday in San Francisco.', u'In an interview ahead of the announcement, FireEye Chief Executive David DeWalt described the deal as "capability meets scale."', u"HP has 5,000 security consultants, many of whom manage security operations on an outsourced basis for large corporate clients. Those consultants can now bring in FireEye's technology, which tests computer commands before they are executed, and the investigators at Mandiant, which FireEye acquired last year.", u"Besides serving government and private clients who have been breached, Mandiant is known for research reports such as one naming a specific unit in the Chinese People's Liberation Army for breaching major companies.", u"Mandiant's main services are expensive, however, and the HP deal will bring a co-branded version of its services to smaller companies.", u'Mike Nefkens, executive vice president of HP Enterprise Services, said more clients want to analyze and improve their defense before the next attack, and that the new offerings would meet that need.', u'"They don\'t want to wait until there\'s an incident," Nefkens said.', u'HP also reaches many countries where FireEye has had a smaller presence, including Africa, Europe and the Middle East.', u'DeWalt declined to say if the deal was exclusive or give other terms.', u'FireEye also said it was expanding the number of companies that it shared threat information with, including a partnership with Israeli firewall provider Check Point Software Technologies.', u'(Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Swedish Mobile Operators Battle It Out in Kazakhstan'], [u"STOCKHOLM \u2014  A battle being played out in Kazakhstan between Sweden's two leading mobile operators has intensified this year as Tele2 slowly makes up ground on market leader TeliaSonera.", u"Kazakhstan is Central Asia's biggest economy and while it has a population of just 17 million, the number of mobile users is rising. TeliaSonera has been in the country for more than a decade, while Tele2 entered in 2010 and is investing in its network as it seeks to win market share.", u"Tele2 added 428,000 new customers in the country in the first quarter of 2015, while TeliaSonera's Kcell lost 363,000.", u'"We haven\'t asked all 428,000 where they came from, but some of them probably came from there," Tele2 Chief Executive Mats Granryd said when asked if his firm had won over Kcell clients.', u'Market leader Kcell had 10.8 million customers in Kazakhstan by the end of the quarter and No.3 player Tele2 had 3.7 million. The other two operators are Altel, owned by fixed-line monopoly Kazakhtelecom, and Beeline Kazakhstan, owned by Vimpelcom.', u'Granryd said he saw Altel as Tele2\'s main competitor as both have similar market positions as low-price brands, adding they were currently fighting a "brutal price war."', u"The region that TeliaSonera calls Eurasia - Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan, Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Georgia, Moldova and Nepal - has long been a growth engine for Sweden's largest carrier and accounted for 20 percent of group sales last year.", u'TeliaSonera posted group first-quarter core profit largely in line with market expectations on Tuesday. In the Eurasia region, it returned to growth after a first-ever drop in the fourth quarter as an ailing Russian economy weighed.', u"Meanwhile, Tele2's quarterly core profit beat expectations, boosted by continued good growth and higher profits in its home market.", u"Kazakhstan accounted for 6 percent of Tele2's group revenue in the quarter and 7 percent of TeliaSonera's.", u'Jefferies analysts said of Tele2\'s earnings: "We consider the results solid, with an upside surprise in Kazakhstan where Tele2\'s strong intake is particularly impressive in the face of competitive pressures."', u'TeliaSonera said it needed to boost its competitiveness in Kazakhstan as it was losing market share.', u'"It doesn\'t look pretty at all," Chief Executive Johan Dennelind told a conference call. He added Kcell had introduced new price plans and that he was confident it would start gaining market share again this year.', u"Tele2 shares were up 3.2 percent at 0448 EDT, making them the top gainers on Sweden's blue chip index, while TeliaSonera shares were down 1.5 percent.", u"Tele2 entered the country through an acquisition in 2010 while it still had business in Russia. TeliaSonera's presence stems from the 2002 merger between Telia and Finland's Sonera which had interests in the region.", u'($1 = 8.7097 Swedish crowns)', u'(Reporting by Sven Nordenstam and Olof Swahnberg; Editing by Niklas Pollard and Pravin Char)']), ([u'Yahoo, Microsoft Add Termination Clause in Search Deal: Filing'], [u'(Reuters) - Yahoo Inc and Microsoft Corp added a termination clause to the terms of their search partnership agreement under which either company can end the deal on or after Oct. 1, 2015, according to a regulatory filing by Yahoo on Monday. (http://', u')', u'The 10-year search partnership, crafted by former Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer and former Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz, allowed the companies to amend or terminate the agreement five  years after its commencement on Feb. 23, 2015.', u'(Reporting by Rama Venkat Raman in Bengaluru; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi)']), ([u"Chip Designer ARM's Q1 Gets iPhone 6 Boost, Shares Hit a High"], [u'LONDON \u2014  ARM Holdings, the British chip designer favored by Apple, beat expectations for first-quarter profit thanks to demand for the iPhone 6, and said its royalties would grow as its latest technology is used in more smartphones.', u'Shares in the Cambridge-based company rose to an all-time high of 1,233 pence after it posted a 24 percent rise in first-quarter pretax profit to 120.5 million pounds ($179.1 million).', u"That beat analysts' expectations of 115 million pounds, according to a company-provided consensus.", u'The shares were up 4.9 percent at 1,206 pence at 0528 EDT.', u'"In the second half of 2015 we expect to benefit from the increasing deployment of ARMv8-A technology, our latest generation of processors, in the newest smartphones and tablets," Chief Financial Officer Tim Score said on Tuesday.', u'"These chips typically have a slightly higher royalty rate than the previous generation."', u'Royalty revenue, collected a quarter in arrears from a record 3.8 billion chips shipped, rose 26 percent on an underlying basis, ARM said.', u'Analyst Julian Yates at Investec, who has a "hold" rating on ARM, said it was a good set of numbers, helped by "stellar" royalty growth.', u'The strong demand for its newest processors - shipped by nine of its chip-making partners in the quarter, representing around 3.5 percent of ARM-based chips - allayed concerns about a slowdown in the top-end of the smartphone market.', u'"One of the key drivers for ARM\'s royalty growth in 2015 is in the increasing pervasion of our latest generation technology across all smartphones," Score said.', u"Besides the iPhone 6, ARM's new technology is also in devices such as in Samsung's Galaxy S6, launched last month, and Huawei's new P8.", u"Just over half of the company's royalties comes from smartphones, with categories such as microcontrollers used in appliances and embedded chips providing the rest.", u"ARM's processor licensing revenue dipped 2 percent, missing market forecasts, but Score said he expected licensing revenue to rise 5-10 percent in the longer term.", u'Industry-wide revenues had slipped after a busy fourth quarter, in line with normal seasonal trends, which would be reflected in its second quarter, Score said. But overall second-quarter revenue would be in line with market expectations, which stand at $354.6 million.', u'($1 = 0.6728 pounds)', u'(This version of the story adds further quotes, reaction and updates shares)', u'(Editing by Pravin Char and Susan Thomas)']), ([u'Qualcomm to Tap Samsung Elec to Make New Mobile Processors: Report'], [u'SEOUL \u2014  U.S. chip maker Qualcomm Inc plans to have its next-generation Snapdragon 820 mobile processors manufactured by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, tech news website Re/code reported, citing unnamed sources.', u'The move comes after Samsung opted to use its own Exynos processors for the recently launched flagship Galaxy S6 devices instead of the Qualcomm Snapdragon 810, prompting the U.S. firm to cut is financial outlook for the year.', u"Samsung and Qualcomm declined to comment on Re/code's report. The report, dated April 20, did not say whether Qualcomm was looking at other manufacturers for the 820 processor besides Samsung.", u"The report suggests gathering momentum for Samsung's system chips business, which investors and analysts expect will swing to profit this year. That could be negative for Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co (TSMC), which analysts say has gotten the bulk of Qualcomm's orders for high-end chips.", u"Samsung's 14-nanometer manufacturing technology gives the firm an edge over rivals such as TSMC, as smaller chips are more energy-efficient and deliver better performance. Investors and analysts say the superior technology will lead to more outside orders for Samsung's contract manufacturing business and further boost earnings.", u"Media reports say Samsung will make processors for Apple Inc's new iPhones expected to launch later this year, and the firm also recently added Nvidia Corp as a contract manufacturing client.", u'(Reporting by Se Young Lee; Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'SAP Profit in Line With Forecasts as Sales Surge, Aided by Cheap Euro'], [u'FRANKFURT \u2014  The weaker euro boosted revenue at German business software maker SAP in the first three months of the year and drove operating profit up 15 percent, although a rise in newer cloud-based software sales squeezed margins.', u"Europe's largest software company said on Tuesday its first-quarter operating profit, excluding special items, rose to 1.06 billion euros ($1.13 billion), matching the average of  forecasts given by analysts in a Reuters poll.", u'First-quarter revenue rose 22 percent to 4.5 billion euros, at the top of market forecasts, boosted both by the weaker euro and the $7.3 billion acquisition of Concur, the online staff travel and expenses manager.', u'At constant exchange rates sales rose 10 percent.', u'Shares in SAP were 2.7 percent higher at 1430 GMT, slightly underperforming the STOXX Europe 600 Technology sector index , which was up 2.6 percent.', u"Excluding the effect of currencies, SAP's operating profit dropped 2 percent, while operating margin fell to 23.5 percent from 24.8 percent in the same period last year.", u"The declines reflected increased investments in SAP's newer cloud-based software services, where revenues from new sales come later in the form of subscription payments.", u'SAP eked out 1 percent growth in license sales for its mainstay packaged software business, which analysts said reversed four quarters of declines in the key metric of its core business performance.', u'"Results and the stock have been helped by FX but that is only part of the story," Mark Moerdler, an analyst at Sanford Bernstein, said in a research note.', u'"SAP is starting to deliver with cloud strength combined with stability in the core on-premise license & maintenance revenue," said Moerdler, who has an "outperform" rating on the stock.', u"SAP's results were in some ways the mirror opposite of U.S. technology services giant IBM, which on Monday posted its 12th quarter of revenue decline as it sheds unprofitable businesses to focus on cloud computing.", u'CLOUD SEEDINGS', u"SAP is battling alongside established U.S. software makers such as Oracle, IBM and Microsoft to boost internet-based software sales and fend off pure cloud-based rivals Salesforce.com, Workday and, less directly, industry pacesetter Amazon.com's Web unit.", u'Comparable numbers are hard to come by to judge who is winning the fight. Pure-play cloud firms are enjoying spectacular revenue growth but profit margins remain low to non-existent. However they have huge levels of unbilled, deferred revenue building up that promise to boost future profits.', u'Oracle and SAP remain in the early stages of moving to the cloud and are battling each other with competing claims over which company will emerge as the second-biggest provider of cloud-based business software, a market where Salesforce remains far out in front.', u'SAP said it expects to produce around 2 billion euros  ($2.14 billion) in cloud software and services revenue in 2015 and aims to quadruple that number by 2020, when around 30 percent of its total revenue will come from the cloud.', u'The company stuck to its outlook for the full year for non-IFRS operating profit of between 5.6 billion and 5.9 billion euros at constant currencies, which represents flat growth to a rise of as much as 5 percent from 5.6 billion euros last year.', u"Including the effect of the weaker euro, which makes the multinational software maker's products and services more competitive outside Europe, second-quarter operating profit is expected to grow as much as 18 percent, the company said.", u"That is slightly lower than SAP's prediction last month for profit to rise by 19 percent, reflecting the modest strengthening of the euro since then.", u'($1 = 0.9349 euros)', u'(Editing by Louise Heavens and Greg Mahlich)']), ([u'Americans Say Cellphone Cameras Not Changing Police Conduct'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Americans are evenly divided on whether the widespread use of smartphone cameras will improve police behavior and think it has done little to change police conduct so far, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday.', u'Against the backdrop of such footage as that of a white South Carolina police officer fatally shooting a black man in the back earlier this month, 42 percent of Americans said police behavior would improve and an equal number said it would not, the poll found.', u'Among respondents, 56 percent said police were not behaving better so far because they could be caught on video, the poll  said.', u'A series of incidents in the United States in which white police officers killed unarmed black men prompted protests in many cities and sparked debate over police conduct toward blacks and other minorities.', u'Some incidents were captured on video. One showed Walter Scott being shot in the back while running from police in North Charleston, South Carolina, after a traffic stop. Another showed Eric Garner, who died after New York City police put him in a chokehold while trying to arrest him.', u'The online poll of 2,446 U.S. adults showed Americans remained ambivalent on the impact of cameras on their own behavior.', u'Fifty-nine percent agreed with the statement: "I like how camera phones make people more accountable for their actions."', u'At the same time, 47 percent agreed it was an invasion of privacy for people to be constantly filming with their phones.', u'The poll showed most respondents did not think people were generally behaving better because of omnipresent cameras, and most said they were not behaving better either.', u'Neither are politicians behaving better, or likely to do so in the future, because of cellphone cameras, according to poll respondents.', u'The poll was conducted April 10 through April 17. The credibility interval, used to measure its precision, was plus or minus 2.3 percentage points.', u'(Editing by Scott Malone, Will Dunham and Peter Cooney)']), ([u'Yahoo Hires Advisers, Looks at Selling Yahoo Japan Stake'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Yahoo Inc announced it is looking at cashing in its stake in Yahoo Japan Corp, which could be worth almost $9 billion before tax, news that boosted Yahoo's stock price.", u"The Internet company has hired advisers to help it evaluate options for the stake, Chief Executive Officer Marissa Mayer told investors on a conference call on Tuesday. It will not be included in the planned spin-off of its stake in China's Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, she said.", u'Investors have been urging Mayer to monetize the Yahoo Japan stake separately, after she announced plans to spin off the Alibaba stake in January, which could be worth $40 billion.', u'The advisers will help Yahoo "determine the most promising opportunities to maximize value" for the Yahoo Japan stake, said Mayer.', u'Yahoo shares rose after the announcement, following disappointing earnings results, trading up about 1 percent from their close at $44.49 on Nasdaq.', u'But Wall Street remained broadly cautious about the plan.', u'"They are taking the slow train, stressing the process," said Colin Gillis, an analyst BGC Partners, who warned that a deal, if any, could be a long way down the line. "Engaging advisers doesn\'t mean spinning it out."', u'Yahoo owns about 35 percent of Yahoo Japan Corp, which has a market value of almost $25 billion on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Japanese internet company SoftBank Corp is the biggest shareholder, with about 36 percent, according to Thomson Reuters data.', u'Last month Yahoo shareholder Starboard Value LP said the Alibaba spin-off was a "good first step" but urged Yahoo to also spin off its Yahoo Japan stake in a tax-efficient manner. Starboard did not reply to a request for comment on Tuesday.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Lisa Shumaker and Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'IBM First-Quarter Earnings Top Wall St. Expectations'], [u' on Monday that surpassed Wall Street\u2019s estimates, helped by solid sales of its new mainframe computers, even as its revenue fell.', u'Martin J. Schroeter, the company\u2019s chief financial officer, called the performance a \u201cpretty strong start to the year\u201d \u2014 though ', u' executives have said this will be a transition year as it invests to pursue new sources of growth while some of its traditional hardware, software and services business erodes.', u' is investing aggressively for growth in new fields, including data analytics, cloud computing and mobile applications for corporate customers. It has forged major partnerships with ', u' and ', u'. It has created new business units around its Watson artificial intelligence technology, and for managing and analyzing the data generated by the surge in low-cost sensors connected to the Internet, known as the Internet of Things.', u'IBM said its strategic initiatives revenue grew by more than 30 percent over all. Cloud computing revenue surged 75 percent, and IBM\u2019s large data analytics business grew by more than 20 percent, excluding the effect of currency fluctuations.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re transforming our business and seeing signs that our transformation is succeeding,\u201d Mr. Schroeter said in a conference call with analysts.', u'IBM reported a 5 percent decline in net income to $2.4 billion. But the company reported a 4 percent increase, to $2.9 billion, in operating profits from continuing operations. On an earnings-per-share basis, earnings rose 9 percent to $2.91 a share. That was well above the consensus of Wall Street analysts of $2.80 a share.', u'Revenue for the quarter fell 12 percent to $19.6 billion. But the falloff was almost entirely attributable to a strong dollar and the company\u2019s planned exits from less-profitable businesses, especially its industry-standard data center computers, which it ', u' last fall.', u'Most of IBM\u2019s business is outside the United States, so a stronger dollar translates to lower reported revenue. In fact, eight percentage points of the revenue decline, or $1.7 billion, was because of the currency effect.', u'Shares in the company were mostly flat in after-hours trading.', u'Take away the currency effect and the sold-off operations, and IBM\u2019s revenue would have been flat from the year-earlier quarter.', u'Even so, flat revenue is not growth. IBM\u2019s reported revenue has declined for 12 consecutive quarters. Some of the decline has been by design as IBM sheds operations with lower profit margins, as it has for years, getting out of personal computers, disk drives and most recently low-end server computers and chip manufacturing.', u'But the open question is how soon \u2014 and even whether \u2014 the new initiatives can grow faster than its traditional businesses retreats. That improvement should be seen eventually in revenue growth in IBM\u2019s big services and software units, which represent 88 percent of the company\u2019s revenue.', u'That growth has not yet happened. Excluding the currency effect and discontinued operations, the services and software business each slipped by 2 percent in the quarter.', u'\u201cIBM is still a show-me story,\u201d said A.M. Sacconaghi, an analyst at Bernstein Research.', u'In a research report last week, Mr. Sacconaghi identified three major challenges confronting IBM. Cloud computing, he wrote, will most likely hurt IBM\u2019s traditional hardware and software business more than the growth in its own cloud business will help.', u'The second threat, according to Mr. Sacconaghi, is the overall effect on hardware and software sales of the decline in its business that sells large servers running the Unix operating system. The third danger, he wrote, is the decline in its traditional outsourcing business, in which IBM runs the computer operations of its corporate customers.', u'The IBM model, Mr. Schroeter noted in an interview, calls for a return to single-digit revenue increases. The new businesses IBM has earmarked for investment and growth, Mr. Schroeter noted, are showing real progress toward that crossover point, though he wouldn\u2019t say when.', u'IBM\u2019s most lucrative hardware business, mainframe computers, showed its continuing capacity to evolve and appeal to corporate customers. The company began shipping its new z13 mainframe during the quarter, and mainframe sales more than doubled.', u'The mainframe business remains critical to IBM. The machines themselves contribute only about 2 percent of the company\u2019s revenue today. But when mainframe-related software, storage, services and financing are included, the overall business represents an estimated 24 percent of corporate revenue and 37 percent of operating profits.']), ([u'Humanoid Robot Starts Work at Japanese Department Store'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Dressed in a kimono and smiling, Aiko Chihira greets shoppers at the entrance of Tokyo's Mitsukoshi department store. But Chihira is no regular employee -- she is a humanoid robot.", u'Developed by Toshiba last year, the robot made its debut at the store on Monday in a new role interacting with customers.', u'Speaking Japanese, Chihira, which has human-like features and blinks, can also be programed to speak in other languages such as Chinese.', u'"It would be good if we can have her provide guidance, or recommend various things in Chinese," said Hitoshi Tokuda, Toshiba\'s new business development division group manager.', u'"... People can be looking around and think, \'Oh if Aiko is around, she can speak Chinese\'. That\'s what I hope will happen."', u'Toshiba has said Chihira has 43 motors which allow it to move. The robot is also programed to do Japanese sign language.', u"At Monday's unveiling, Chihira accompanied Japanese opera singer Shoko Iwashita in a performance.", u'"I would like you to listen to the song that I\'ve put a lot of effort into," the robot said.', u'After the performance, in which it appeared as if Chihira had lip-synched, the robot asked for applause for Iwashita.', u"Chihira, currently not programed to respond to customer complaints or questions, is not the only robot to work in retail. Last year, Nestle said it would enlist SoftBank Corp's humanoid robots, Pepper, to help sell its coffee makers at home appliances stores across Japan.", u'(Reporting by Reuters Television; Editing by Crispian Balmer)']), ([u'Uber Must Face Lawsuit Claiming Bias Against Blind Riders'], [u'(Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc must defend against a lawsuit accusing the popular ride-sharing service of discriminating against blind people by refusing to transport guide dogs, a federal judge ruled.', u'In a decision late Friday night, U.S. Magistrate Judge Nathanael Cousins in San Jose, California, said the plaintiffs could pursue a claim that Uber is a "travel service" subject to potential liability under the Americans with Disabilities Act.', u"The judge rejected Uber's arguments that the plaintiffs, including the National Federation of the Blind of California, lacked standing to sue under the ADA and state laws protecting the disabled.", u'Uber was given 14 days to formally respond to the complaint.', u'Aaron Zisser, a lawyer for Disability Rights Advocates in Berkeley, California, which helped bring the case, said the plaintiffs are pleased with the decision.', u'"Uber is a very popular service, and it is important for riders with service animals to be able to use it like anyone else," he said in a phone interview.', u'In a statement, Uber said drivers are told that company policy is to comply with all laws regarding transportation of service animals.', u'"The Uber app is built to expand access to transportation options for all, including users with visual impairments and other disabilities," the company said.', u'In seeking to dismiss the case, Uber also said the individual plaintiffs were required to arbitrate their claims.', u'Valued at an estimated $40 billion, Uber says it offers its mobile phone taxi-hailing service in more than 270 cities and geographic areas in 56 countries, and can charge varying prices based on demand.', u'But the San Francisco-based company has faced complaints around the world over how it pays drivers, treats passengers and ensures safety.', u'In the discrimination case, the plaintiffs said federal law requires operators of taxi services such as Uber to carry service animals for blind riders, but it knows of more than 40 instances in which Uber drivers refused.', u'They cited two instances in which Uber drivers allegedly yelled "no dogs" at riders, and another in which a Uber driver allegedly refused a blind woman\'s plea to pull over once she realized he had locked her guide dog in the trunk of his car.', u'Uber said it was "on the cutting edge of expanding accessibility" for the disabled, and said that claims it failed to accommodate blind people with service animals had no merit.', u'The case is National Federation of the Blind of California et al v. Uber Technologies Inc et al, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 14-04086.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Ted Botha and Leslie Adler)']), ([u'Humanoid Robot Can Recognize and Interact With People'], [u'A humanoid robot which can mimic human expressions greeted visitors on Saturday (April 18) at a Hong Kong electronics fair.', u"The robot head, known as 'Han', can also hold simple interactive conversations with the crowd.", u'At the touch of a button using a mobile phone app, Han can smile, wince, frown, wink, or even act drunk.', u'About 40 motors control his face to form delicate facial expressions, according to product manager at Hanson Robotics, Grace Copplestone.', u'The robot can also respond to his environment, thanks to several cameras inside his eyes and chest.', u'"So Han\'s really exciting because not only can he generate very realistic facial expressions, but he can also interact with the environment around him. So he has cameras on his eyes and on his chest, which allow him to recognize people\'s face, not only that, but recognize their gender, their age, whether they are happy or sad, and that makes him very exciting for places like hotels for example, where you need to appreciate the customers in front of you and react accordingly," Copplestone said.', u'During the Global Sources electronics show, in which Han gave demonstrations every hour, visitors could also have a simple conversation with him.', u'One visitor, businessman Harbhajan Singh Sethi from Mumbai, joked with the robot, "I think you are perfect man for my wife," to which Han quipped, "I don\'t have to do whatever you say. I have my own free will."', u'Sethi said he found it fun to talk to the robot: "It was fun and it was interesting. He\'s answering you. He\'s answering you to the point."', u'Another visitor, Xiao Yong, who owns a technology company in the southern Shenzhen city, said he was also impressed by the robot.', u'"I think it\'s very magical, because the robot\'s facial expressions are very rich. When I greeted him, he responded. When I asked him to smile, he smiled. He can flirt and wink. It\'s magical. It\'s very well made," Xiao said.', u'Copplestone added that some of the robotic technology, such as facial recognition, is available on open source; meaning robot developers around the world can use the same software.', u'A unique feature of Han is his human-like skin, which is created by a patented material called "Frubber," short for "Flesh Rubber", an elastic polymer.', u'Copplestone said the human-like robot heads could serve a range of functions, especially where face-to-face communications is important.', u'"There are three markets we are really excited about. One is hospitality, so for example, the receptionist behind desk and hotels. The second one is entertainment, so casinos, theme parks and museums. And the third is health care, and that\'s in two ways. One is medical simulation. If you can provide doctors with mannequins that have very realistic facial expressions on them, that provides a very beneficial piece of training to the doctor, and the mannequin can travel over the world to do that. Another area of medical care is for the elderly. We believe a human face on a robot makes it far more approachable, and efficient, and effective in caring for older people."', u"The Hong Kong based company aims to commercialize Han's technology on a different face, an Eurasian female called Eva, and plans to produce hundreds of Evas this year. The price is yet to be determined.", u'Han made its debut to the public earlier this year in January, during the Digital-Life-Design fair in Germany.']), ([u'Fugitive Fails to Revive Facebook Lawsuit, Block Criminal Case'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  A federal appeals court on Monday forcefully rejected the fugitive Paul Ceglia's effort to revive what U.S. prosecutors have called his fraudulent lawsuit to extort social media company Facebook Inc and its founder Mark Zuckerberg.", u'The 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York said "overwhelming forensic evidence" showed that a 2003 "Work for Hire" contract that Ceglia claimed entitled him to a 50 percent stake in Facebook was forged.', u'Calling Ceglia "an individual who has repeatedly demonstrated total disregard for our judicial system," the appeals court also refused to revive his lawsuit to stop the government\'s criminal prosecution of him for fraud.', u'Ceglia, a 41-year-old wood pellet salesman from Wellsville, New York, had faced a May 4 trial in the criminal case, but removed his electronic ankle bracelet in early March and disappeared, along with his wife, two children and a dog.', u"His whereabouts remain unknown. Facebook's market value was about $226 billion as of Friday's market close.", u'"We will definitely appeal," Joseph Alioto, a lawyer for Ceglia, said in a phone interview. "We believe the facts plainly show that the Work for Hire contract is authentic."', u'A spokeswoman for Facebook said: "We are pleased that the truth has prevailed." A spokeswoman for U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan declined to comment.', u"The criminal case arose from Ceglia's June 2010 civil lawsuit in upstate New York against Menlo Park, California-based Facebook and Zuckerberg.", u"Ceglia alleged that an April 2003 contract with Zuckerberg, then a Harvard University freshman who had done programming work for Ceglia's ", u', entitled him to half of Facebook.', u'But the 2nd Circuit said Facebook offered convincing evidence that the contract was forged, including irregularities visible to the naked eye. It also said the discovery of the real StreetFax contract between Ceglia and Zuckerberg for a project unrelated to Facebook "puts the lie" to Ceglia\'s claim.', u'The court added that Ceglia\'s claim "that he inexplicably failed to act (or, as he told news media, forgot that he was a 50 percent owner of one of the world\'s most renowned corporations)" for seven years "belies common sense."', u'Robert Ross Fogg, a lawyer defending Ceglia in the criminal case, said in an email: "I am greatly distressed and disappointed. I am more disappointed in Paul. Nevertheless, it appears the court was more outraged by Paul\'s absence than the district court\'s divergence from the procedural rules."', u'The cases are Ceglia v. Zuckerberg et al, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-1365; and Ceglia v. Holder et al in the same court, No. 14-1752.', u'(Editing by Ted Botha and Alan Crosby)']), ([u"Israel's Check Point Software Steps Up Expansion Plans"], [u'TEL AVIV \u2014  Network security provider Check Point Software Technologies plans to sharpen its focus on threat-prevention and mobile security, it said on Monday after posting better than expected first-quarter profit.', u"Chief Executive Gil Shwed spoke of increased investment in new technologies and staff to cement the company's position of strength in a vibrant Israeli tech sector that accounts for about 12.5 percent of economic output and more than 50 percent of industrial exports.", u'A leading player in the corporate fight against cyber crime and computer viruses, Check Point has acquired two Israeli companies since the start of 2014. In February it bought cyber security start-up Hyperwise and this month acquired Lacoon Mobile Security to boost its offering for smartphones.', u'"We increased our development, sales and marketing teams to capitalize on the expanding security market opportunity," Shwed said. "We expect these investments to continue through the coming quarters."', u'In the first quarter the company added 200-plus employees, more than in the whole of 2014, bringing its workforce to 3,500.', u'"We hope to grow at the same rate this quarter," Shwed told a news conference.', u'The company earned 95 cents a share excluding one-off items in the first quarter, against 84 cents a year earlier. Revenue grew by 9 percent to $373 million.', u'That compared with a forecast of 91 cents a share on revenue of $370 million, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u'"It appears the company is hitting its stride as product innovation on the (software subscription) front coupled with a more acquisitive strategy are laying the groundwork for another strong year in 2015," said Daniel Ives, managing director at FBR Capital Markets.', u'"Cyber security tailwinds are massive and Check Point is at the right place at the right time."', u'CEO Shwed forecast the company would earn 90-99 cents a share in the second quarter on revenue of between $380 million and $400 million. Analysts on average forecast adjusted earnings per share of 94 cents on revenue of $392.4 billion.', u'At the end of March Check Point had cash of $3.7 billion and Shwed said it was interested in acquiring more technologies in threat prevention and mobile security.', u'Check Point shares rose 5 percent to $85.84 in early Nasdaq trade and have gained 9 percent so far this year after a 22 percent rise in 2014.', u'Shwed maintained his full-year adjusted profit forecast of $3.90 to $4.02 a share on revenue of $1.6 billion to $1.65 billion.', u'(This version of the story adds the second-quarter outlook, CEO quotes and background)', u'(Additional reporting by Steven Scheer; Editing by David Goodman)']), ([u'Exclusive: Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire'], [u"SHENZHEN, China \u2014  China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday.", u"Xu's remarks are a rare example of a top Chinese CEO openly questioning the direction of Beijing's information security policy, already a source of concern for countries who fear it will limit opportunities for their technology firms.", u'In recent months Chinese leaders have advanced, albeit fitfully, several technology "localization" measures to minimize the threat of foreign cyberspying, by encouraging or requiring use of domestic products in important systems.', u"But such policies could hamper free competition and innovation in Chinese industry and undermine Chinese security in the long term, Xu said in an interview on the sidelines of Huawei's annual global analyst summit in Shenzhen.", u'"If we\'re not open, if we don\'t bring in the world\'s best technology, we\'ll never have true information security," Xu said, comparing China\'s enterprise (corporate) computing industry to primary school students competing against foreign rivals at university level.', u'"Even if you localize, make your own CPUs (central processing units), make your own operating systems, make your own database software, it would still be at a grade school level, (with) your (security measures) transparent to the college students," Xu said.', u'"The only way you can answer the security problem is to keep improving your technology."', u'GOOD MONEY AFTER BAD?', u"Xu's scepticism comes despite the fact that his company should, in theory, be one of the biggest beneficiaries of China's domestic technology push.", u'The world leader in manufacturing equipment for telecommunications carriers like Telefonica and British Telecom, Huawei in recent years has expanded into enterprise technology, offering competitive alternatives to Western-made servers and data storage for banks and government agencies.', u'Although Huawei would gain more contracts if foreign products were kept out, Xu said, the overall quality of technology used in China could drop.', u'"From China\'s perspective, to determine whether this is a good thing or bad thing we have to look at whether the market has healthy competition," he said. "Is this good money replacing bad money or bad money replacing good money?"', u'He also feared the repercussions for international trade.', u'"If the Chinese market is not open, then the European market won\'t be open, other markets won\'t be open, then what\'s the result?" he said. "The result is everyone draws a line around their own territory."', u'WASHINGTON WORRIED', u"Xu's comments echo concerns expressed by the White House and U.S. business lobbies, who have likened China's cybersecurity policies to protectionism and fear it will discriminate against players like Intel Corp, Cisco Systems and Qualcomm Inc.", u'The cybersecurity dispute has strained U.S.-China ties in recent months, although regulators in Beijing said last week they would temporarily suspend the implementation of rules governing bank-technology purchases.', u"Xu said Huawei's critical view of current policy was shared by others within China's government and technology industry, but when asked if he had expressed that view to the Chinese leadership, he declined to say.", u'"Our perspective is recognized by some technical experts in the country," he said. "Localization doesn\'t guarantee security; anyone who understands a little bit about technology understands this."', u"China's Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the Cyberspace Administration of China were not immediately available to comment outside of normal business hours.", u'Founded by a former Chinese military officer, Huawei itself was locked out of a major market in 2012, when it was labeled a national security risk in a U.S. Congressional report.', u"The company's lobbyists in Washington have slammed the report's findings as false and politically influenced while positioning Huawei as a champion of free-market competition.", u"Huawei's telecom carrier business in 2014 recorded a 20 percent increase in revenue to 288 billion yuan ($46.45 billion), placing it neck-and-neck with Swedish rival Ericsson.", u'But the company has forecast growth in its carrier division to flatten in several years with growth in its enterprise computing division to pick up the slack.', u"Xu declined to address the prospect of Huawei seeking to enter the U.S. telecoms market despite speculation that American carriers would like to see another vendor choice following Nokia and Alcatel-Lucent's proposed $16.6 billion merger.", u'"Our problem in America isn\'t about the carriers not wanting to work with us," Xu said, adding that countries should follow the example of Britain, which issued an independent audit this year finding Huawei\'s equipment did not pose a risk to its cybersecurity.', u'($1 = 6.2005 Chinese yuan renminbi)', u'(Additional reporting by Yimou Lee; Editing by Mike Collett-White and Jason Subler)']), ([u'Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminium frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its struggling mobile operations.', u'The launch of the new flagship model comes amid a painful restructuring at the Japanese consumer electronics giant which has thrown the future of its smartphone division into doubt, with top executives saying an exit cannot be ruled out.', u"But as the company focuses on cutting costs rather than growing its mobile market, the division still needs investment in new products and marketing to maintain Sony's brand and hold off a more rapid deterioration.", u'Sony said the Xperia Z4 would be available in Japan around the middle of the year, though it did not provide a launch date, details on carrier partners or price. The handset would be available in four colours and was slightly thinner than the previous Z3.', u'Hiroki Totoki, who was appointed last year to turn around the mobile unit, said Sony was targeting the upper end of the market where rivals such as Samsung Electronics Co Ltd and Apple Inc dominate.', u'"There\'s a broad variety in the prices of smartphones, from around $100 to $1,400 at the upper end," he told a news conference. "We want to focus in the upper half of that."', u"Sony's mobile division has fallen far behind high-end rivals such as Samsung and Apple, while at the low end it is battling pricing pressure from Asian manufacturers such as China's Xiaomi Inc.", u'The company whose Walkman and Trinitron TV once played a critical role in the global entertainment industry has struggled in recent years to come up with trend-setting gadgets.', u'Sony announced in February that it would scale down its weaker operations such as TVs and mobile phones to focus instead on more successful products such as video games and camera sensors.', u'Chief Executive Kazuo Hirai has not ruled out an exit from weak operations, amid a restructuring that has so far seen the company sell off its personal computer division and spin off the TV business.', u'In February, he said the Japanese consumer electronics firm would no longer pursue sales growth in smartphones.', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'Box, Provider of Cloud-Computing Services, Faces Make-or-Break Moment'], [u'LOS ALTOS, Calif. \u2014  About 10 years ago, Aaron Levie dropped out of college to start a Silicon Valley company called ', u'. Before long, he was one of those young technology wizards of whom great things were expected.', u'Mr. Levie faced hurdles and some fitful progress but ultimately reached the point many entrepreneurs only dream of: Box conducted an initial public offering in January, but had already raised more than $500 million privately. It employs 1,200 people and is considered on the cutting edge of a new generation of companies that provide services to big business customers over cloud-computing systems.', u'Now comes the hard part \u2014 survival. Box today is worth $2.1 billion, but losses are continuing to add up while revenue is not growing enough to suit Wall Street\u2019s tastes. The company\u2019s shares are down 25 percent since it went public. And rival services from tech heavyweights like Amazon and Microsoft threaten Box\u2019s business.', u'Mr. Levie and his company are nearing a make-or-break point others in this generation of young companies are also likely to soon face: Find a way to cut those losses and stay ahead of deep-pocketed competition or disappear.', u'For Box to compete, it has to get other people to build great things on what it has built in the same way Apple and Google got app makers to create tools that made their mobile software indispensable.', u'At a company conference this week, Box, which has so far focused on Internet data storage and collaboration technology, will explain how it plans to help other businesses build their own cloud services. The goal is to create a so-called ecosystem that ensures continued growth just as Microsoft did with PCs and Apple did with the iPhone.', u'If the plan does not work, it is doubtful that Box will survive as an independent company, and Mr. Levie, for all those high hopes, will become a footnote, someone with a great idea who could not quite turn it into a lasting business.', u'\u201cThe writing is on the wall,\u201d said Norman Young, an analyst at Morningstar. \u201cThey know they need to innovate. What separates the winners is supplying a valuable and necessary service.\u201d', u'Mr. Levie, 30, is voluble and as bouncy as an undergraduate, a mood reinforced by his typical costume of suit jacket, jeans and orange-laced track shoes \u2014 though his hair is starting to show more than a little early gray. He prefers to put a positive spin on his company\u2019s predicament. His life, he said in an interview, \u201cis an entrepreneur\u2019s dream. You just try not to think about the times that you are the world\u2019s pi\xf1ata.\u201d', u'The technology that made Box notable, the pairing of cloud computing and mobile devices, has moved from an offbeat idea when Mr. Levie started Box to today\u2019s mainstream of corporate computing.', u'Upstarts like Uber rely on the cloud and mobile, long-timers like IBM are remaking themselves for the new kinds of corporate computing, and older Internet giants have every intention of dominating the field.', u'Mr. Levie realized his company had to do more because it was not much more than a \u201cglorified storage tool\u201d that could be easily replicated, Mr. Young of Morningstar said. He added, \u201cThe wrinkle is, how long can he hold out and become the next big thing, or does he get purchased by a bigger company?\u201d', u'Box currently has ways to store and share most of what makes a business, be it marketing brochures, X-rays, financial records or video.', u'It can be the center of a new industry, Mr. Levie says, by helping other companies and third-party consultants create applications that can quickly draw off Box\u2019s cloud-based collaboration technology.', u'A bank, say, might use Box for a new loan-making app, or a filmmaker could securely distribute his latest work to willing buyers. An educational publisher might release content to 10 million students at once, through Box.', u'\u201cOur brand can be the proxy for all kinds of cloud developers, the \u2018Intel Inside\u2019 of the cloud era,\u201d Mr. Levie said. He added, \u201cIt\u2019s going to come down to who can integrate a lot of different experiences for people.\u201d', u'General Electric has made Box a standard for collaboration technology inside and outside the company, a product of years of sales calls by Mr. Levie. A few months ago Jeffrey Immelt, G.E.\u2019s chief executive, had Mr. Levie address top executives about his experience building Box; about new, more effective ways companies could collaborate; and about how Box reacted quickly to change.', u'His youthful manner, which practically screams \u201cSilicon Valley,\u201d was a selling point.', u'\u201cFrankly, I would have been disappointed if he hadn\u2019t worn the sneakers,\u201d said a person at the meeting, who asked not to be named discussing an off-the-record event.', u'Box has 45,000 paying business customers, including about half of the Fortune 500.', u'Mr. Levie said wooing those clients, who need lots of security, features and tutorials about how the new world works, is why Box had spent so much money. Its roster of big corporate customers, he says, will attract developers.', u'So far that investment has not shown up as profit. When Box\u2019s financial details were revealed in filings before its public offering, Om Malik, a well-known tech blogger who had been enthusiastic about the company, deemed it a \u201c', u'.\u201d', u'In its last fiscal year, Box lost $167 million on revenue of $216 million. That was a 74 percent revenue gain from the year before, with a 5 percent bigger net loss. This year, revenue is expected to grow by about 30 percent, a marked slowdown that Mr. Levie hopes the new developer strategy may also turn around. As of ', u', in March, Box had $330 million in cash.', u'These kind of losses, not just at Box but at many other young tech companies, scare some of tech\u2019s old guard.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re different. We lived through a massive downturn in 2000-2001, and can\u2019t live with this kind of cash burn rate,\u201d said Brad Garlinghouse, the former chief executive of Hightail, another online storage service. He left Hightail in September and is now chief operating officer at Ripple Labs, an Internet payments system. \u201cAaron is smart and pragmatic, but he and a lot of these young guys haven\u2019t been through bad times.\u201d', u'Mr. Levie started Box with three friends he has known since middle school, in the town of Mercer Island, Wash. He first had the idea while completing a business class project at the University of Southern California, eventually dropped out of college, and convinced the others to join him.', u'After all those years and nine funding rounds, Mr. Levie holds just 3.8 percent of Box, or about $80 million. \u201cI\u2019d love to own more, but I wouldn\u2019t trade the growth we\u2019ve had for more equity,\u201d he said.', u'On weekends, he swaps the dress jacket for pink shorts and a white V-neck T-shirt, and he has kept the same apartment near Box headquarters and driven the same older BMW for years.', u'\u201cThere have been sacrifices on the personal side,\u201d Mr. Levie added. \u201cI\u2019d like to spend more time with my girlfriend. There\u2019s always stress, but when you see how it could have an impact you\u2019ve dreamed of, it\u2019s worth it.\u201d']), ([u'BlackBerry to Buy WatchDox to Bolster Data Security'], [u'TORONTO \u2014  BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is acquiring privately-held U.S. tech company WatchDox, which makes software that secures files for clients ranging from private equity firms to Hollywood studios, in a bid to boost its security offerings.', u"WatchDox's software gives clients control over how their files are edited, copied, printed or forwarded. Network administrators will be able to revoke access to files, or delete them remotely even after they leave a company's corporate network.", u'Terms of the deal were not disclosed. The Wall Street Journal, citing an unnamed source, said BlackBerry was paying $70 million for the Palo Alto, California-based company.', u"Some of WatchDox's 85-member team is based at its research and development facilities in Petah Tikva, Israel.", u'"Israel\'s widely known as a very innovative security market, and we believe the team there is excellent," Jim Mackey, BlackBerry\'s head of corporate development, said in an interview. "We believe we can use the location as a way to attract more talent and expand our offerings."', u'He said BlackBerry intends to build up the WatchDox business quickly, and he hinted that the Waterloo, Ontario-based company would continue to scout for similar tuck-in deals.', u"Earlier this year, BlackBerry Chief Executive John Chen said he saw a part of the company's targeted software revenue growth in the current fiscal year coming from acquisitions of companies that will allow it to sell more value-added services.", u"Chen is boosting BlackBerry's software and service offerings in an effort to offset declines from its smartphone business,  which has been eroded by competition from the likes of Apple and Samsung Electronics Co.", u'Last year, BlackBerry bought Secusmart, a privately-held German firm that specializes in voice and data encryption used by the German government and other customers. In September, it acquired Movirtu, a British-based tech start-up whose software allows users to have two phone numbers on the same device with a single SIM card.', u'The purchases have helped BlackBerry ramp up its portfolio of services that cater to the needs of its core base of clients, such as corporations and government agencies.', u'"WatchDox is just yet another mobile productivity and secure communication solution that we can put in our bag and provide as part of a compelling portfolio," Mackey said.', u'(This version of the story adds details from the interview and the background)', u'(Reporting by Euan Rocha; Editing by Paul Simao)']), ([u'EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results.', u'The inquiry will seek to address concerns of European business and politicians about the dominance of U.S. tech giants and whether there is a level playing field for European firms.', u"However, it is not an antitrust inquiry which can lead to fines of up to 10 percent of a company's global sales.", u'In a draft of the Commission\'s strategy for creating a digital single market, seen by Reuters, it says it will "carry out a comprehensive investigation and consultation on the role of platforms, including the growth of the sharing economy."', u'The investigation, expected to be carried out next year, will look into the transparency of search results - involving paid for links and advertisements - and how platforms use the information they acquire.', u'European Commission Vice-President Andrus Ansip is expected to formally announce the new strategy on May 6.', u'The transparency of search results came under particular scrutiny this week when the European competition chief accused Google of cheating competitors by distorting web search results to consistently favor its own shopping service. [ID:nL5N0XC2W0]', u'There are concerns in Europe over how Internet companies such as Facebook and Amazon use the huge amounts of personal data they acquire.', u'The inquiry will also look at how platforms compensate rights-holders for showing copyrighted material and limits on the ability of individuals and businesses to move from one platform to another.', u'The draft "digital single market" strategy document cites potentially unfair terms limiting access to platforms, high fees and non-transparent or restrictive pricing policies as some of the areas of concern.', u'"While a framework exists for business-to-consumer complaints in all EU member states, no such mechanism exists for business-to-business relations," the document states.', u'The investigation follows calls from France and Germany for greater regulation of dominant Internet players which they believe are harming home-grown European web firms.', u'In November the two countries asked the Commission to launch a public consultation on the issue, with a view to regulating Internet platforms. [ID:nL6N0TH2FS]', u'However, in an earlier discussion paper, seen by Reuters, the Commission concluded there was not enough evidence to justify legislation.', u'One EU official said the Commission was assessing whether the issues raised in the Google antitrust case warranted a more systemic view of the problem.', u'"We want to move away from case studies," the official said.', u'(Reporting by Julia Fioretti; editing by David Evans)']), ([u'Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile'], [u'TOKYO \u2014  Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminum frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its mobile operations.', u'Sony said the Xperia Z4 would be available in Japan from the summer, though it did not provided details on launch dates, carrier partners or price.', u'The Xperia Z4 will be available in four colors and is slightly thinner than the previous Z3 model, it said.', u'(Reporting by Ritsuko Ando; Editing by Stephen Coates)']), ([u'DigitalGlobe Unveils New Tools for Troops, Others to Use Imagery'], [u'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. \u2014  DigitalGlobe Inc this week unveiled new Web-based tools that could help military troops, relief workers and others use its high-resolution satellite images, social media feeds and other data without needing massive bandwidth.', u'The tools, which are in beta-testing now, give users access to complex data processing done in the cloud, including rapid analysis about everything from helicopter and paratrooper landing sites to social media usage in a specific area.', u'Accessible on any cellphone, iPad or other portable device, the analytical tools can also be downloaded and cached for later use, even when there is no connectivity, DigitalGlobe Chief Technical Officer Walter Scott said.', u"Scott said DigitalGlobe developed the system to allow users to benefit more from its imagery, which he called the world's highest-quality commercial satellite data, and the growing amount of unclassified information available from sources around the world.", u'"This is a very, very bandwidth-light way of working with data," he said. "All the heavy lifting is happening in the background in the cloud ... and you get just the results you need."', u'DigitalGlobe\'s new tools come just days after the director of the U.S. National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency told a space conference that he was making a "seismic shift" in the agency\'s work to increase access to and analysis of the vast amount of unclassified data.', u"DigitalGlobe's tools use imagery taken over the previous 30 days, making it far more current that what is generally available on sites like Google Maps. It also allows users to see archived imagery to track changes over time or look at if the most current view is obscured by bad weather.", u'Paul Millhouse, director of technical solutions, said the new tools were ready to roll out to the 10,000 separate government agencies or other clients that already use DigitalGlobe imagery.', u'Using simple commands, users will be able to analyze and map Twitter feeds and dozens of other social media data in a given area, which could prove helpful during disaster relief, or in helping troops track gatherings or protests in conflict areas.', u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Lisa Von Ahn)']), ([u'Changing Tactics, Apple Promotes Watch as a Luxury Item'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 ', u' has scrapped its usual routine for releasing products with its new device, the ', u'. The company is instead taking a page from the playbook of another industry: luxury goods makers.', u'Gone are the long lines in front of ', u' stores that would accompany a typical iPhone release. Gone is the flooding of a vast worldwide distribution network where Apple would make a new iPhone available. The company is selling the Apple Watch, which goes on sale on Friday, in just nine countries and largely through its own channels, rather than through many third-party retailers like Best Buy. In contrast, Apple unveiled new iPhones in September in more than 30 countries and in numerous retail outlets.', u'For the first time, Apple is also bringing personal attention and tailoring into the mix through a process for trying on the watch. While consumers typically couldn\u2019t touch a new Apple device until it was publicly available, the company this month began ', u' to see, wear and feel the watch.', u'Evan Weissbrot, a 33-year-old watch collector, experienced the sneak preview firsthand. After he arrived at the Apple Store in SoHo on April 11, an Apple employee took Mr. Weissbrot to a station and unlocked a drawer containing a variety of the watches. In between small talk, the employee showed Mr. Weissbrot different straps and cases \u2014 and even let him check out the gold watch, which costs more than $10,000 and typically requires a separate appointment to try on.', u'The amount of personal attention and the allure of the process \u201cwas a rip directly from a high-end watch store,\u201d Mr. Weissbrot said.', u'All of this echoes the tactics of luxury goods makers like Burberry and Herm\xe8s. Giving consumers an early peek before they buy things is a familiar strategy in the fashion industry \u2014 as, increasingly, is tempting early adopters with the bonus of circumventing the shop. When Burberry shows new lines of clothing and handbags on the runway, the company lets customers order select items immediately after the show for delivery even before the products arrive in stores.', u'Apple also appears to be mimicking the scarcity-creates-desire approach, one that has served Herm\xe8s well with items like the Birkin and Kelly bags. They are rarely in stock, and customers sometimes wait months to receive one. That strategy has also worked for companies like Ferrari, which has loyal customers who pay thousands of dollars just to get on a list to wait as long as a year to own the next hot Italian sports car.', u'\u201cThey\u2019re definitely treading on new territory,\u201d Milton Pedraza, chief executive of the ', u', said of Apple. While high-end fashion brands, jewelers and luxury car brands often use selectivity and personal attention to generate interest when a product makes its debut, it is new for Apple, a company whose products typically speak to an enormous consumer audience as opposed to a privileged few, he said.', u'The strategy is a deliberate move by ', u', chief executive of Apple, and ', u', the company\u2019s retail chief and a former chief executive of Burberry, to lay the groundwork for a successful introduction of the watch. The watch is the first entirely new device Apple has introduced under the leadership of Mr. Cook, who took the helm in 2011, and brings the company into the fashion market, as well as the luxury market, with the 18-karat gold version of the watch.', u'In a recent letter to Apple\u2019s retail employees, Ms. Ahrendts said the company needed to come up with the preview approach for selling the watch because \u201cthere\u2019s never been anything quite like it.\u201d In the memo, which was cited by the blog ', u', she said it was unlikely that people could buy the watch at Apple stores before June because of supply constraints.', u'An Apple spokeswoman, Amy Bessette, said Ms. Ahrendts was not available to comment on the retail strategy for the watch.', u'Apple\u2019s top brass has been energetically promoting the watch over the last seven months, granting interviews about the creation of the device to ', u' and ', u'. Apple has also invested significantly in advertising, spending an estimated $36 million since March 9 on a television campaign for the smartwatch, just slightly less than the $38.5 million that it spent on TV ads for new iPhones since mid-November, according to ', u', an analytics firm.', u'The watch\u2019s success remains far from assured. Mr. Cook said on Apple\u2019s financial earnings call in October that the company would report sales of the watch in a group with other products, rather than breaking it out into a separate category.', u'\u201cI\u2019m not very anxious in reporting a lot of numbers on Apple Watch and giving a lot of detail on it, because our competitors are looking for it,\u201d Mr. Cook said.', u'Sales estimates for the watch are modest compared with Apple\u2019s past best sellers. Toni Sacconaghi, a financial analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein, predicts Apple will ship 7.5 million watches in the second half of the company\u2019s fiscal year, while tens of millions of iPhones fly off the shelves every quarter.', u'For now, Apple\u2019s luxury experiment with the Apple Watch appears to be bringing in mixed results. At Apple\u2019s London flagship store nine days ago, employees asked people if they wanted to sign up for personal appointments to get hands-on with the product. Several people were bemused that they could not handle the watches without appointments.', u'At an Apple store in Hong Kong, a Chinese tourist from Beijing, Scott Sun, took photos of the gold watches to send to his friends but said every version of the watch \u2014 which starts at $350 \u2014 was too expensive for him.', u'\u201cThere\u2019s no way I\u2019m going to buy one,\u201d he said. \u201cBut for rich people, this gold one will definitely be popular.\u201d', u'Another question raised by Apple\u2019s luxury experiment with the watch is ', u'. While the watch will begin shipping to customers on Friday, some customers have reported that their shipping times have slipped to May or June.', u'For Mr. Weissbrot, the watch collector in SoHo, the wait was not a deterrent. He placed an online order for an Apple Watch Sport, which is the least expensive model and has an aluminum case, before the session in which he tried one on. The estimated date of arrival for his watch is May 13.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s kind of a bummer,\u201d he said, before adding that he was still excited to be among the first to have the device.']), ([u'Google Adds \u2018Mobile Friendliness\u2019 to Its Search Criteria'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Many businesses around the world could wake up on Tuesday to discover their search ranking has been downgraded. After a monthslong warning period, ', u' will add \u201cmobile friendliness\u201d to the 200 or so factors it uses to list websites on its search engine.', u'As a result, websites that don\u2019t meet Google\u2019s criteria will tumble in its all-important rankings.', u'Google has made several big changes. Companies will be docked for shortcomings like displaying links that are hard to click or forcing users to scroll horizontally on a lopsided site. In addition, the company recently announced that in certain cases it would also use information contained within apps as a ranking factor for mobile searches performed on phones that run its Android software.', u'\u201cSince mobile search results are about half of what Google handles, anyone might be at risk,\u201d said Danny Sullivan, the founder of ', u', which closely tracks changes to Google\u2019s search engine.', u'The shift to mobile devices has been a challenge for all businesses, Google included. In the space of a few years, phones have become the dominant portal through which people use the Internet. The United States had 134 million mobile users last year, about 100 million more than in 2010, according to eMarketer, a research company.', u'And while Google remains the dominant search engine on every computing platform, its grasp on the mobile market is slipping in the face of increased competition from \u201cnative\u201d apps expressly meant for mobile devices. Google grabbed 68 percent of the $8.75 billion in mobile search revenues last year, down from an 81 percent share in 2012. But the mobile ad market more than tripled to $8.7 billion over that time, according to eMarketer.', u'Google has for years been the world\u2019s most widely used search engine and a significant generator of traffic to websites, from major news organizations to mom-and-pop shops. Websites have little choice but to adapt to what Google considers important characteristics.', u'\u201cPeople will kick and scream, they always do,\u201d said Rebecca Lieb, an industry analyst at the Altimeter Group. \u201cBut ultimately this serves as a wake-up call that things change and Google is going to change with it.\u201d', u'Google\u2019s search algorithm is a closely guarded secret, so the company would not say exactly how much mobile would factor into rankings. Still, it said in ', u' that the change would have \u201ca significant impact\u201d on search results, and it has tried to prepare websites by telegraphing the move two months in advance and giving them tips on how to improve their performance.', u'\u201cWhile the mobile-friendly change is important, we still use a variety of signals to rank search results,\u201d said a spokeswoman. \u201cThe intent of the search query is still a very strong signal \u2014 so if a page with high-quality content is not mobile-friendly, it could still rank high if it has great content for the query. The ranking update will not make it rank below lower-quality pages that are mobile-friendly.\u201d']), ([u'China Fines Alibaba $129,000 for Pricing Violations'], [u"SHANGHAI \u2014  China's e-commerce giant, Alibaba Group, has been fined 800,000 yuan ($129,000) by the price bureau in eastern Zhejiang province for violations by third-party sellers during promotions on its e-commerce platforms.", u'Since Alibaba turned "Singles\' Day", a November 11 Chinese response to Valentine\'s Day, into an online shopping festival in 2009, the event has grown to similar proportions as Cyber Monday and ', u' in the United States.', u'Sales of more than $9 billion were achieved at last year\'s event, and the company has copyrighted the phrase "Double 11", a reference to the date (11/11), which in turn, refers to the status of single people.', u'"The company has been fined 500,000 yuan ($81,000) for matters related to Singles\' Day pricing by third-party sellers on our Tmall marketplace in 2013 and 2014 and 300,000 yuan($48,000) for pricing in other promotions in 2013 and 2015," Alibaba Group said in a statement on Friday.', u'While pricing is handled by third parties, not directly by Alibaba, the group said, it would nevertheless reinforce pricing rules and regulations with sellers to protect consumers.', u"The 27,000 vendors featured on Alibaba's Singles' Day shopping sites hope to boost sales and gain customers, but some have complained that discounts and cut-throat corporate rivalry undercut the benefits.", u'Alibaba has had occasional difficulties regulating its sprawling e-commerce empire, which now includes online markets such as Taobao; Tmall, a platform for larger retailers linked to Taobao; group-buying site Juhuasuan and the original flagship platform Alibaba.com, which links exporters with foreign buyers.', u'In 2011, Alibaba.com was hit by a scandal when sales staff colluded with professional criminals to defraud foreign customers, leading to multiple arrests and the resignation of then Chief Executive David Wei.', u'Alibaba was also publicly chastised by regulators for failing to control the sale of counterfeit products on its platforms, an accusation echoed by trade groups and regulators in the U.S., where the company is listed.', u"In February Alibaba said the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission had sought more information about a reported talk  between its executives and China's State Administration for Industry and Commerce regarding sales of counterfeit goods, which the company did not mention in its IPO prospectus prior to listing.", u"Alibaba shares have lost more than a fifth this year, with analysts citing concern about counterfeits along with lackluster third-quarter earnings and waning investor excitement after last September's record-setting $25-billion IPO.", u'(Reporting by Pete Sweeney; Editing by Clarence Fernandez)']), ([u'Russian Cyber Attackers Used Two Unknown Flaws: Security Company'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  A widely reported Russian cyber-spying campaign against diplomatic targets in the United States and elsewhere has been using two previously unknown flaws in software to penetrate target machines, a security company investigating the matter said on Saturday.', u"FireEye Inc, a prominent U.S. security company, said the espionage effort took advantage of holes in Adobe Systems Inc\u2019s Flash software for viewing active content and Microsoft Corp's ubiquitous Windows operating system.", u'The campaign has been tied by other firms to a serious breach at U.S. State Department computers. The same hackers are also believed to have broken into White House machines containing unclassified but sensitive information such as the president\u2019s travel schedule.', u'FireEye has been assisting the agencies probing those attacks, but it said it could not comment on whether the spies are the same ones who penetrated the White House because that would be classified as secret.', u'FireEye said that Adobe had issued a fix for the security weakness on Tuesday, so that users with the most current versions should be protected. The Microsoft problem by itself is less dangerous, since it involves enhanced powers on a computer from those of an ordinary user.', u'A Microsoft spokesman said the company was working on a patch.', u'In October, FireEye said the group it calls APT28 had been at work since 2007 and had targeted U.S. defense attaches and military contractors, NATO alliance offices, and government officials in Georgia and other countries of special interest to the Kremlin.', u'Days before that report, security firm Trend Micro Inc described a campaign it called "Pawn Storm" against computers in the State Department, Russian dissidents, NATO and other Eastern European nations. Because Pawn Storm and APT28 used some of the same tools and hit the same targets, other information security professionals concluded they were the same hackers.', u'On Thursday, Trend Micro said that the Pawn Storm hackers had increased their activity recently and had targeted bloggers who had interviewed President Barack Obama. It also said the group had \u201cprobably\u201d stolen online credentials of a military correspondent at an unnamed major U.S. newspaper.', u'Though the security flaws APT28 used are new, it had been well established that the group was highly skilled. Saturday\u2019s report is one in a flurry generated by rival firms ahead of the RSA Conference next week in San Francisco, the largest annual technology security gathering in the country.', u'(Editing by Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'Technology That Prods You to Take Action, Not Just Collect Data'], [u'The bookshelves in Natasha Dow Sch\xfcll\u2019s office at the ', u' are punctuated here and there with kitchen timers: a windup orange plastic device, an egg-shaped stainless steel mechanical timer, a digital hourglass with falling pixels in lieu of sand.', u'At one time, Ms. Sch\xfcll, an associate professor at ', u' employed these relics to track and manage her time while she was writing her doctoral dissertation.', u'Since then, she has graduated to a more controlling productivity aid. She uses ', u' to temporarily block Internet access on her computer. It forces her to stop browsing and concentrate on her writing.', u'\u201cThese are little shields against the temptations and fallibilities of being human,\u201d Ms. Sch\xfcll said when I visited her recently to discuss her research on digital self-monitoring and self-modification devices.', u', studies the relationship between people and technology. And her own progression from managing her writing schedule with an hourglass to ceding control to an Internet lockdown app parallels the technological shifts she is exploring in a book due to be released next year.', u'Titled \u201cKeeping Track: Personal Informatics, Self-Regulation and the Data-Driven Life,\u201d the book charts the evolution of contemporary digital self-tracking. The ', u' called Quantified Self, in which tech enthusiasts and other data obsessives analyzed details from their daily lives with the aim of gaining insights into their own behavior patterns. The idea was to increase self-knowledge and autonomy through numbers.', u'Consumer electronics developers \u2014 or \u201cquantrepreneurs\u201d in industry parlance \u2014 soon took up this idea, expanding the market for fitness activity and health trackers. Suddenly, it was easy for consumers to monitor the number of steps they took every day, the calories they ingested and the hours they slept.', u'But now that retailers like Best Buy and Amazon are dedicating ', u', Ms. Sch\xfcll has noticed another trend: devices whose primary function is less to enlighten users with information than to prod them to change.', u'This new category of nudging technology, she says, includes \u201chydration reminder\u201d ', u' that exhort people to increase their water consumption; the ', u' and turns on a light indicator when people eat too quickly; and ', u' intended to energize or relax people.', u'\u201cThere is this dumbing-down, which assumes people do not want the data, they just want the devices to help them,\u201d Ms. Sch\xfcll observes. \u201cIt is not really about self-knowledge anymore. It\u2019s the nurselike application of technology.\u201d', u'In the move to the mass market, it seems, the quantified self has become the infantilized self.', u'Industry executives, however, argue that devices that simply collect and display numerical information about users\u2019 behavior are unlikely to spur them to make durable changes in their habits. People typically use fitness activity trackers for only four to six months and then lose interest, says Dr. Nick van Terheyden, the chief medical information officer of ', u', a language-processing and voice technology company.', u'\u201cTechnology that is static, that is passive, doesn\u2019t persist and doesn\u2019t engage you,\u201d Dr. van Terheyden says. So Nuance has joined with ', u', to introduce capabilities that allow users to obtain customized health information from their apps by voice.', u'Ms. Sch\xfcll\u2019s interest in the self-tracking phenomenon developed in reaction to research she conducted for ', u': Machine Gambling in Las Vegas.\u201d Among other things, she studied how casinos were starting to customize slot machine games to players in real time, based in part on their spending habits and appetite for risk.', u'\u201cI got exhausted from looking at the detailed ways technology gets manipulated to influence consumer behavior and experiences,\u201d she explains.', u'She was subsequently drawn to the self-tracking movement, she says, in part because it involved people actively analyzing and acting upon insights derived from their own behavior data \u2014 rather than having companies monitor and manipulate them.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s like you are a detective of the self and you have discerned these patterns,\u201d Ms. Sch\xfcll says. For example, someone might notice correlations between personal driving habits and mood swings. \u201cThen you can make this change and say to yourself, \u2018I\u2019m not going to drive downtown anymore because it makes me grumpy.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Lately, however, devices are asking consumers to cede their free will to machine algorithms.', u'On the day I visited Ms. Sch\xfcll in her office at M.I.T., for instance, she showed me ', u', which involves having users clip a plastic sensor under their clothing. The app has typical data-tracking features, displaying the number of steps taken per day and the number of \u201cgood posture hours.\u201d But Lumo Lift\u2019s real draw is its \u201cposture coaching\u201d function. The wearable disk vibrates when someone slouches, delivering a little buzzing zap to the skin.', u'\u201cIt relieves you of the burden of remembering to sit up straight all day,\u201d Ms. Sch\xfcll said. \u201cIt\u2019s giving over to the technology this power to tell you who you are, to guide how you live.\u201d', u'Ms. Sch\xfcll stresses that she does not lump all self-tracking and self-modulation devices into the same category. While some self-zapping gizmos may resemble human cattle prods, other devices use more complex cues to encourage people to adopt new behavior.', u'She likes ', u' intended to help people understand their state of mind by playing different sounds depending on whether they are distracted or calm. She describes the three-minute Muse sessions as technology-assisted meditation training, techniques that people can then try as they go about their day without the headband.', u'\u201cBased on what it registers, it plays loud, disruptive wind or waves lapping or, if you are supercalm and you maintain it for a while, you get calm, lovely noises of birds tweeting,\u201d Ms. Sch\xfcll says. \u201cYou do learn to calm your mind.\u201d', u'Perhaps the new self-tracking and self-improvement technologies will benefit people, but they could just as well create more anxiety. ', u', a British medical journal, for instance, described healthy people who use self-tracking apps as \u201cyoung, asymptomatic, middle-class neurotics continuously monitoring their vital signs while they sleep.\u201d', u'But whether these gadgets have beneficial outcomes may not be the point. Like vitamin supplements, for which there is very little evidence of benefit in healthy people, just the act of buying these devices makes many people feel they are investing in themselves. Quantrepreneurs at least are banking on it.']), ([u'Taking a Facebook Break, Temporarily or for Good'], [u' ', u'. Facebook treats ', u' and ', u' as two separate states for a member\u2019s account. Deactivation is more of a short-term situation, while deletion is a permanent removal of your presence from the social network.', u'If you need to take a Facebook timeout for sanity or to work on a project, you can deactivate your account for an indefinite period right in your Facebook preferences. When you are logged into the site, click the menu triangle at the top of the page and choose Settings. In the left column, click Security and then select the \u201cDeactivate your account\u201d option.', u'Deactivating the account puts your Facebook page out of sight for the duration, and it will not show up in the search results if other users look for you. When you decide to come back, just log into Facebook with the email address and password you used before to ', u' Your Friends list and all of the content you previously posted to your profile are then pulled out of the virtual mothballs and restored to view.', u'If you opt to permanently delete your Facebook account instead, all the updates, photos, videos and other content you once shared is wiped out for good. You can grab copies of the items you posted \u2014 just ', u' to take your stuff with you when you go.', u'Once you are ready, ', u'. The site does hold off doing anything for a few days in case you change your mind. When you go ahead with the deletion decision, it may take as many as 90 days for the company to fully remove your material from its servers.', u' takes all the data Google has gleaned about you from your Gmail, Google Calendar, Google Maps activity, search history and other services and then tries to predict the information you will soon need based on your past actions. The company can also factor in location information from your phone, tablet or computer, and all of this data goes into the personalized Google Now cards you see on your device\u2019s screen in the Google app.', u'If you ', u' locations when you originally ', u' on your device, the service has the information it needs to calculate your route and ', u'. Even if you did not specify exact addresses, Google Now can also use location information from your device to make an educated guess about where you live and work, although sometimes it can guess wrong and have you working at the gym or your favorite store. Because Google Maps also incorporates the current traffic and transit conditions into its display, Google Now is able to roughly calculate how long it will take you to get to work by car, public transit or walking.', u'Google Now is an optional service. If you like parts of it but want to adjust your privacy settings or how the Now cards work, you can do so ', u'.', u'To ', u', open the app, tap the Menu button, select Settings and then \u201cEdit Home or Work.\u201d Select an address and tap the X on it to delete it. If you do not wish your location history to be tracked, ', u' in the settings of your Google account.']), ([u'Scientists Create Self-Powering Camera'], [u'By Elly Park', u'New York, NEW YORK - Scientists at Columbia University in New York have successfully built a camera that is capable of producing images using power harvested from the surrounding incident light.\xa0', u'The prototype self-powering camera takes an image each second, and in a well-lit scene it can operate indefinitely.', u'The team is led by Shree Nayar, Professor of Computer Science at Columbia Engineering,\xa0', u'"What we have designed here is an image sensor with pixels, with this new design that can not only capture pictures but also generate power from the pixels, in order to capture the images themselves. And that leads us to a fully powered image sensor," Nayar explained to Reuters on Thursday (April 16).\xa0', u'An image sensor is a sensor inside every camera that is responsible for capturing the image. It does so by converting the light information it receives into signals that convey the image. In modern cameras photo diodes, tiny devices inside each pixels of the image sensor, measure the amount of light that falls onto it, and Nayar said he noticed that the process is similar to photo diodes used inside solar panels to harvest energy. \xa0', u'"It turns out exactly the photo diode is also used in solar cells which are used in solar panels to harvest energy from light, except that they are being used in a slightly different circuit. So our thinking was to create, redesign the pixel in the camera so that it can serve both purposes."', u'In order to build the prototype Nayar worked with research engineer Daniel Sims, and used off-the-shelf components to fabricate an image sensor with 30x40 pixels - the lowest resolution needed for a human face to be recognized. \xa0', u'The pixel design is very simple, and uses two transistors.\xa0', u"The image sensor continuously toggles between image capture and power harvesting modes, and during each image capture cycle, the pixels are used first to record and read out the image and then to harvest energy and charge the sensor's power supply.\xa0", u'A well-lit indoor scene of around 300 lux delivers enough power for the camera to operate indefinitely. Daylight in a typical overcast day measures several thousand lux.', u'While the prototype self-powering camera is large in size, Nayar says that it can be shrunk down to fit on a small chip.', u'"What we have done is a calculation that shows that you can take the same design and make a compact image sensor chip with it. Of course that chip would be able to capture less light and therefore harvest less energy, because it is smaller. But it turns out when you make it a chip it also consumes less power," he said.\xa0', u'The prototype cost several thousands of dollars to build, but on an industrial scale Nayar believes the production cost of his image sensor will be similar to a conventional chip found in cell phones and computers.\xa0', u'A more compact size would also allow for many different implementations, such as in security cameras and consumer electronics.\xa0', u'Ultimately Nayar hopes that in the future his image sensor can be further improved so that it can also function as a power source when not capturing images.']), ([u'Google\u2019s Steely Foe in Europe'], [u'Margrethe Vestager, the ', u'\u2019s commissioner for competition, who last week took on the colossus that is ', u', has a reputation for toughness.', u'She is also ', u'.', u'Last year, as Ms. Vestager was leaving her job as Denmark\u2019s minister of the economy, she gave her successor a hand-knit toy elephant \u2014 she often works on them during staff meetings \u2014 noting that the animals \u201cbear no grudge, but they remember well.\u201d', u'That is something of a motto for Ms. Vestager, who was in Washington last week meeting with government officials, making television appearances and public speeches \u2014 and being barraged with questions about Google.', u'In Brussels last Wednesday, ', u' against the company, saying that the search engine giant had abused its market dominance by systematically favoring its own comparison shopping service over those of its rivals. If Google fails to refute the charges, the company could face a fine of more than 6 billion euros.', u'On Thursday afternoon, Ms. Vestager, 47, was sitting with notably confident bearing on a stage in Washington and listening to an audience of policy wonks and technology trade group executives challenge that decision.', u'Why pursue Google for anticompetitive practices, her American interrogators wanted to know, when antitrust regulators in the United States had closed a similar inquiry without formally finding wrongdoing? And why bother with the online shopping sector at all, they asked, when Google was competing with the likes of Amazon?', u'Ms. Vestager delivered her standard, steely, it\u2019s-not-personal rebuttals.', u'\u201cWe have no grudge, we have no fight with Google,\u201d she told an audience after ', u' at the ', u'. \u201cWe have a focus on a certain conduct, a certain behavior, which, if our doubts are going to be proven, we would like to change because we believe that it hampers competition.\u201d', u'Ms. Vestager ', u' as the European antitrust chief last fall after having served as Denmark\u2019s minister for the economy and the interior. The fact that she had the mettle to take on Google comes as no surprise to her political colleagues and rivals back home. In certain circles, she is known as the \u201cIron Lady of Denmark.\u201d', u'As minister of the economy, for instance, she pushed for changes to Denmark\u2019s generous social welfare benefits, including ', u'. Subsequently, a group of jobless builders presented her with a gift: a life-size sculpture of a hand with a raised middle digit. She keeps the artifact prominently displayed on a coffee table at her office in the European Commission.', u'\u201cYou can accuse Margrethe Vestager of many things,\u201d said Bo Lidegaard, the editor in chief of ', u', \u201cbut not of being afraid.\u201d', u'When asked about her reputation for toughness in a phone interview last week, Ms. Vestager acted taken aback.', u'\u201cI don\u2019t think of it as toughness,\u201d Ms. Vestager said. Of her approach to her new job, she added: \u201cConsumers depend on us to make sure that competition is fair and open, and it\u2019s my responsibility to make that happen.\u201d', u' jump-start an antitrust case against the company that had been percolating in Brussels for more than five years. The overarching issue is whether Google abused its market dominance. In some countries in Europe, Google has a 90 percent or larger market share, giving it greater dominance than in the United States.', u'Ms. Vestager\u2019s predecessor, Joaqu\xedn Almunia, had pursued a wide-ranging investigation into the company\u2019s practices. But ', u' with Google.', u'She has taken a narrower and more assertive approach.', u'\u201cIt was obvious that a negotiated solution was not a possibility,\u201d Ms. Vestager said in the phone interview. \u201cSo I felt we should go in another direction.\u201d', u'That direction was filing formal charges, called ', u', accusing Google of favoring its own comparison shopping service, called Google Shopping. In practical terms, the commission found that when a consumer used Google to search for shopping-related information, the site systematically displayed the company\u2019s own comparison product at the top of the search results \u2014 \u201cirrespective of whether it is the most relevant response to the query,\u201d Ms. Vestager said in a commission-issued statement about the charges.', u'Google has 10 weeks to respond, she said, and has the right to call a hearing to present the company\u2019s views.', u'In ', u', Amit Singhal, senior vice president for Google Search, disputed the charges. \u201cWhile Google may be the most used search engine, people can now find and access information in numerous different ways \u2014 and allegations of harm, for consumers and competitors, have proved to be wide of the mark,\u201d he wrote.', u'Ms. Vestager may have a wider agenda. In addition to the formal complaint related to Google Shopping, Ms. Vestager said her office was still looking into accusations that Google had restricted its advertising partners from using rival platforms and that it scraped online content from competitors. She also announced a separate \u201cin-depth investigation\u201d into accusations of anticompetitive company practices regarding Google\u2019s relationships with device manufacturers that rely on its Android operating system.', u' a Google executive said the company\u2019s partnerships with manufacturers that relied on Android were voluntary and offered benefits to consumers and manufacturers.', u'Longtime observers of Ms. Vestager theorized that she had chosen to initially pursue a narrow case in which she had the most confidence, while keeping pressure on her adversary to settle by opening parallel lines of inquiry.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s about power. Any deal she makes, it\u2019s about how much power she has and how much power her adversary has,\u201d says ', u' of a late-night current affairs show on Danish national television who describes Ms. Vestager as the most impenetrable politician he has ever interviewed. \u201cShe\u2019s totally unsentimental,\u201d he said.', u'Ms. Vestager came to Washington last week ostensibly to participate in antitrust meetings of the American Bar Association. But arriving the day after announcing the charges against Google, she was bound to attract attention. Despite the ruckus, she stuck to her routines.', u'On her first morning in the capital, she rose early and went for a jog. She came up with a regular route on earlier trips to attend meetings of the International Monetary Fund.', u'\u201cI run past the White House, down the Mall and out 21st Street,\u201d she said.', u'Ms. Vestager had a marathon official schedule in Washington on Thursday that started at 8 a.m. and ended more than 12 hours later. After lunch with a high-ranking State Department official, she and three aides headed to an interview at Fox Business.', u'As she listened to her staff brief her on the latest news about Google, Ms. Vestager juggled two phones, reading email on one while updating ', u' of nearly 100,000 on the other. Her job often requires strict adherence to political protocol, but Ms. Vestager said she allowed herself some ', u', often posting photos of her travels and the people she met.', u'\u201cOnce in a while, you can bring people backstage to see what is going on there,\u201d she said.', u'She also uses social media to turn the tables on journalists. Last summer during an annual political conference in Denmark, Ms. Vestager caught Mr. Krasnik, the Danish news show host, napping on a lawn with his head propped up against a tree trunk. Naturally, ', u' snoozing and posted it on her Twitter account.', u'\u201cThat was very amusing,\u201d Mr. Krasnik said. \u201cIt also puts a human face on her, which might be seen as a necessity, because she is seen as a very tough, coldhearted politician.\u201d', u'Ms. Vestager grew up as the daughter of two ministers of the Church of Denmark. Her parents made themselves available to comfort the afflicted at all hours.', u'\u201cYou could always come over in the middle of the night or in the early morning; it was open to anyone from the most self-important people to the most vulnerable citizens,\u201d she said. \u201cI think this very open way of doing their job informed my view of what a society should be like.\u201d', u'She learned how to knit from her grandmother, and one of her elephants is being auctioned this weekend in Brooklyn to benefit the Danish Seamen\u2019s Church there. She holds a master\u2019s in economics from the University of Copenhagen and served in the Danish Parliament and in a number of high-level government posts. Her husband, Thomas Jensen, teaches math.', u'Ms. Vestager came to prominence in Denmark as the leader of the centrist Social Liberal party. During talks to form a coalition government in 2011, she insisted that her counterpart, Helle Thorning-Schmidt, the leader of the center left Social Democrats who is now Denmark\u2019s prime minister, agree to major budget reforms.', u'\u201cWhen they emerged\u201d from the talks, Mr. Lidegaard, the newspaper editor, said, \u201cthere were countless points on which you could accuse Helle and the Socialists of giving up promises and not one major point where Margrethe had lost, or where she said she had to compromise.\u201d', u'Ms. Vestager says there\u2019s no mystery to why she chose to grapple with Google. After she arrived in Brussels, she says, she simply asked the commission\u2019s staff to update the files on the Google case and then she met executives at companies who had accused Google of anticompetitive practices, as well as with Google executives. After that, she decided that the case had merit.', u'\u201cIt was my responsibility to take the case forward,\u201d Ms. Vestager said.', u'But tackling Google first was also a strategic move. If Ms. Vestager prevails against Google, some antitrust experts say, it could make it easier for her to bring a case against Gazprom, the Russian national gas behemoth, a company whose market power her office is also investigating.', u'\u201cThere is a new marshal in town,\u201d says ', u', an associate professor of competition law at the University of Copenhagen. \u201cShe wants to send a signal that she is tough on crime.\u201d', u'Among antitrust regulators, Ms. Vestager may be the only marshal self-assured enough to carry around half-knitted elephants in her purse.']), ([u'Symantec CEO Says Pressing Ahead With Veritas Spin-Off'], [u'(Reuters) - Software security and storage provider Symantec is moving ahead with its plans to split into two publicly traded companies by January, a move that it views as more tax-efficient than a sale of one of its units, top executives said this week.', u'"That\'s the plan, to spin it," Chief Executive Michael Brown said in an interview. "For shareholders, it\'s tax free, which is a huge advantage for them."', u'Reuters reported last week that Symantec had been exploring a sale of its Veritas information management and storage unit or of the whole company. But interest from potential buyers has been limited because of a tax burden associated with splitting the company.', u'The company is planning to start trading as two companies by Jan 4, 2016.', u'Symantec will separate its business focused on corporate and consumer security software, which had $4.2 billion in revenue last year, from Veritas, which is smaller, with about $2.5 billion in revenue. It first announced the tax-free spinoff last October.', u'The Reuters report said Symantec had been looking into a sale of Veritas for several months and had approached NetApp Inc, EMC Corp and several private equity firms to gauge their interest.', u'Shareholders have been pushing for a break-up with Veritas, which Symantec acquired in 2004 for $13.5 billion, for many years, Chief Financial Officer Thomas Siefert said.', u'"It didn\'t surprise them, it was a \'finally\' type of statement," he said, referring to shareholders\' reaction to the spinoff.', u'Brown, who took over as Symantec CEO in 2014 after joining the company as a Veritas board member in 2004, will remain in his role. Veritas will later search internally and externally for a new CEO.', u'Symantec on Friday revealed its financial targets for the two companies for the first time.', u"In fiscal year 2016, which started April 4, Symantec said revenue will be flat to up 2 percent with EPS growth between $1.80 and $1.90 per share. Veritas' adjusted revenue will be up 4 to 7 percent.", u'The company is targeting 2016 cash flow for the combined companies in the range of $1.4 billion to $1.5 billion. For 2017, it is aiming for cash flow at Veritas to be between $750 million and $820 million, and between $1.08 billion and $1.44 billion at Symantec.', u'(Reporting by Liana B. Baker; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'U.S. Charges Four Companies, Five People Over Alleged Tech Exports to Iran'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Four companies and five people have been charged with illegally exporting high-tech microelectronics, uninterruptible power supplies and other products to Iran through Taiwan and Turkey, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday.', u"The charges come as Iran and six major powers, led by the U.S., are set to resume talks on April 21 on securing an agreement that would curb Iran's nuclear program in exchange for lifting international sanctions.", u'According to the 24-count indictment unsealed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Texas, from July 2010 onwards the five people charged obtained approximately 28 million military grade parts, worth $24 million, from companies across the world.', u'They evaded U.S. controls banning the export of the technologies to Iran under a broad array of U.S. sanctions, by shipping the parts via Taiwan and Turkey, the indictment said.', u'The technologies can be put to use in various military systems, including surface-air and cruise missiles, according to the indictment.', u'Bahram Mechanic, 69, and Tooraj Faridi, 46, both of Houston; and Khosrow Afghahi, 71, of Los Angeles, are claimed to have been members of an Iranian procurement network operating in the United States. All three men are in U.S. custody. Houston-based Smart Power Systems Inc (SPS) was part of the same network, the indictment said.', u'Also charged are Arthur Shyu, and Hosoda Taiwan Limited Corporation, the Taiwanese trading company where he is a senior manager. Matin Sadeghi, 54, and Golsad Istanbul Trading Ltd, a shipping company in Turkey that employs him were also indicted, as was the Iran-based Faratel Corp, co-owned by Mechanic and Afghahi.', u'Both Shyu and Sadeghi are believed to be outside the United States and remain at large.', u'The U.S. has cracked down in recent years on companies, banks and individuals that have flouted U.S. sanctions.', u'In March, Commerzbank AG agreed to pay $1.45 billion to U.S. authorities to resolve an investigation of its financial dealings with Iran and oilfield services company Schlumberger agreed to pay a $232.7 million fine for facilitating the export of drilling equipment to Iran.', u'Faratel and its Houston-based sister company SPS both  design and build uninterruptible power supplies for clients including the Iranian Ministry of Defense, the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran and the Iranian Centrifuge Technology Company.', u'Faratel is alleged to have received at least 250 shipments to Iran.', u'If convicted, the corporations face fines of up to $1 million for each U.S. sanctions violation, and the defendants face up to 20 years in prison.', u'(Additional reporting by Diane Bartz; Editing by Susan Heavey, Ted Botha and Christian Plumb)']), ([u'EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results.', u'The inquiry will seek to address concerns of European business and politicians about the dominance of U.S. tech giants and whether there is a level playing field for European firms.', u"However, it is not an antitrust inquiry which can lead to fines of up to 10 percent of a company's global sales.", u'In a draft of the Commission\'s strategy for creating a digital single market, seen by Reuters, it says it will "carry out a comprehensive investigation and consultation on the role of platforms, including the growth of the sharing economy."', u'The investigation, expected to be carried out next year, will look into the transparency of search results - involving paid for links and advertisements - and how platforms use the information they acquire.', u'European Commission Vice-President Andrus Ansip is expected to formally announce the new strategy on May 6.', u'The transparency of search results came under particular scrutiny this week when the European competition chief accused Google of cheating competitors by distorting web search results to consistently favor its own shopping service.', u'There are concerns in Europe over how Internet companies such as Facebook and Amazon use the huge amounts of personal data they acquire.', u'The inquiry will also look at how platforms compensate rights-holders for showing copyrighted material and limits on the ability of individuals and businesses to move from one platform to another.', u'The draft "digital single market" strategy document cites potentially unfair terms limiting access to platforms, high fees and non-transparent or restrictive pricing policies as some of the areas of concern.', u'"While a framework exists for business-to-consumer complaints in all EU member states, no such mechanism exists for business-to-business relations," the document states.', u'The investigation follows calls from France and Germany for greater regulation of dominant Internet players which they believe are harming home-grown European web firms.', u'In November the two countries asked the Commission to launch a public consultation on the issue, with a view to regulating Internet platforms.', u'However, in an earlier discussion paper, seen by Reuters, the Commission concluded there was not enough evidence to justify legislation.', u'One EU official said the Commission was assessing whether the issues raised in the Google antitrust case warranted a more systemic view of the problem.', u'"We want to move away from case studies," the official said.', u'(Reporting by Julia Fioretti, editing by David Evans)']), ([u"Don't Plan to Line Up for Apple Watch Next Week"], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  If you're planning on buying the new Apple Watch, don't expect to walk into a store and leave with one next week.", u'Apple, which began accepting advance orders for the watch last week, had previously said it would be "available" for sale in stores on April 24, at least for customers who made reservations to come in for a personal demonstration. But with supplies limited, Apple\'s retail chief has told store workers that the watch will continue to be sold only through online orders for at least the next several weeks.', u"That's a departure from the way the way Apple has launched other new products, such as its popular iPhones, which have been offered for sale in stores to customers who often arrived hours early and lined up outside before the first day of a new release.", u'But Apple has adopted a new strategy for the watch, which Apple executive Angela Ahrendts described this week as "not just a new product but an entirely new category for us."  Apple stores have had watches on display since last week, and the company is offering in-person demonstrations for customers who want to try different models.', u'Ahrendts wrote in a memo to workers this week that, "due to high global interest, combined with our initial supply, we are only taking orders online right now. I\'ll have more updates as we get closer to in-store availability, but we expect this to continue through the month of May." The memo was first obtained by the tech blog 9to5Mac and its authenticity was verified by The Associated Press.', u'Apple has not said how many watches have been ordered to date. The market research firm Slice Intelligence estimated nearly 1 million people placed orders on April 10, the first day Apple began accepting them. Apple says customers who placed early orders will have their watches delivered starting Friday. Watches ordered in recent days may take several weeks to arrive. Ahrendts said the company can fill orders more quickly online.', u'That doesn\'t mean the company will start using this approach with all new products, Ahrendts said. She wrote: "We all love those blockbuster Apple product launch days \u2014 and there will be many more to come."']), ([u'Microsoft Unveils Touch-Friendly Office Apps for Windows Phones'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Microsoft Corp on Friday unveiled a long-awaited suite of touch-friendly Office apps that allow Windows phone users to work on Word, PowerPoint and Excel documents on their phones with touch commands and to transfer them easily between devices.', u'Test versions of what Microsoft is calling its Office Universal apps are available to download immediately and full versions will be available by the end of the month, Microsoft said.', u'Many Office users have waited months for Microsoft to introduce the apps, which adapt their look and commands to the device being used, whether Windows Phone or tablet.', u"Microsoft, in a departure from tradition, has already released similar touch-friendly Office apps for Apple Inc's iPad and iPhone, and for tablets running Google Inc's Android.", u"The company's reasoning was that those popular devices, which have dominated mobile computing, represented a bigger and more lucrative market for its Office products than its own Windows mobile devices.", u"Basic functions are free for everyone, but for advanced editing features, users must pay for a subscription to Office 365, Microsoft's cloud-based version of Office.", u'Microsoft is set to release a new version of Office for desktop PCs, and a new version of Windows, later this year.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Dutch Launch Criminal Investigation Into Uber'], [u'AMSTERDAM \u2014  Dutch prosecutors launched a criminal investigation into Uber for providing an illegal taxi service in violation of a court order, a statement said on Friday.', u'It was the latest setback for the taxi service, which has been banned in several European countries in recent months.', u'Uber allows users to summon taxi services with smartphones while its UberPop arm links private drivers to passengers. It has gained popularity around the world since its 2010 launch but drawn controversy over its aggressive approach to traditional taxi services.', u'In December, a Dutch court banned UberPOP on the grounds that it fell foul of licensing laws for commercial drivers. It ordered Uber to stop offering it under threat of a 100,000 euro ($110,000) fine. Uber is contesting the ruling.', u"Dutch prosecutors, who raided Uber's offices in March, said they were starting an inquiry after police in Amsterdam caught dozens of drivers offering illegal taxi services.", u'"The company Uber is now a suspect," the statement on Friday said. "This means a preliminary examination will be started to collect evidence that Uber is providing illegal transportation on a commercial basis."', u'Dutch police have fined 23 Uber drivers 1,500 euros for operating without a license, it said.', u'(Reporting by Anthony Deutsch; Editing by David Holmes)']), ([u'Data App Pushes Chinese Factories to Cut Pollution'], [u'OXFORD, England (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - When environmentalist Ma Jun set out to tackle pollution from Chinese industries, it seemed a near-impossible task.', u'Taking polluting factories to court was difficult. Factory owners were powerful, and the incentives were stronger to cut environmental corners than comply with regulations.', u"But China's government, worried about public anger over worsening pollution, had begun collecting real-time emissions data from factories and when Ma asked for water pollution data be made public, officials agreed, giving him fodder for an app.", u'"I was very surprised when the government said yes," he said at the Skoll World Forum on Entrepreneurship, where he was awarded a $1.25 million prize.', u'"This is a clear sign of the political will of the central government to solve the environmental problem," he said.', u"Using the data, Ma's Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs (IPE) built a mobile phone app that lets users see on an hourly basis whether a factory or power plant near their home is violating pollution standards.", u'It has been downloaded by three million people in China.', u"Violations pop up as a red square on a map and can be tagged on social media, often to the local environment agency's account on Sina Weibo, a popular Chinese hybrid of Facebook and Twitter.", u'As a result, factories that used to pay fines year after year are facing new sources of pressure, Ma said.', u'The IPE also brought the violations to the attention of multinational companies such as Apple, Gap and Uniqlo, which source products from the offending factories. Within a month of contacting the first 29 companies, 28 agreed to act, Ma said.', u'"At the beginning, (factories) were resistant," Ma said.', u'But as growing numbers of buyers told them their contracts were at risk, that changed.', u'"They decided it was time to fix it," he said.', u"PEOPLE'S HELP NEEDED", u'Today, more than 1,800 factories and 120 international firms have taken steps to reduce pollution because of public pressure brought about by the app, Ma said.', u'Using additional air pollution data now included in the app, 380 cities in China can check their air quality hourly.', u'Wang Bidou of the Shandong Environmental Protection Bureau said letting the public use real-time data to hold polluters to account was "a warning to all of the 15,000 companies on the pollution map".', u'The eastern China province, a heavy coal user, has been one of the most active provinces in addressing pollution, Ma said.', u"Ma said the success of Beijing-based IPE's initiative has helped the Chinese government become more confident about transparency and pollution control.", u'Since agreeing to release water pollution monitoring data, the government has opened access to emissions data from state-owned enterprises, steel companies and coal-fired power plants.', u'This year, a new environmental protection law came into effect that for the first time gives people the right to know about, participate in and supervise environmental efforts.', u'Providing citizens with access to real-time company emissions data puts China ahead of most other nations, Ma noted.', u'Taking on China\'s polluters has not been easy. When  violations are pointed out, some factory owners "are in a very bad mood, some are threatening", Ma said.', u'But several things helped his project, including the fact that its data is based on government monitoring.', u'"We are looking for a solution. We don\'t want to destroy them ... This is about helping transform our economy," he said.', u'(Editing by Megan Rowling and Belinda Goldsmith)']), ([u'FCC to Open Up Valuable Airwaves for Tech and Telecom Companies'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  U.S. regulators on Friday voted to open a swath of government-controlled airwaves for commercial use by tech and telecom companies such as Verizon Communications Inc and Google Inc as they seek to meet growing data demands from new wireless devices.', u'The Federal Communications Commission voted unanimously to chalk out a process to allow companies free access to the frequencies in the 3.5 gigahertz band.', u"Those airwaves' ability to carry heavy data across short distances makes them particularly attractive to companies.", u'The plan to open up the frequencies can, for instance, help boost the capacity of companies\' existing wireless networks, especially in densely populated locations or indoors. It could even help wirelessly connect specific devices like thermostats or washing machines to facilitate the "Internet of things."', u"Friday's vote will kick-start the process of setting up a system for companies to begin using frequencies now dedicated to military radars and other government operations, by sharing them in places where commercial users would not interfere with incumbent users.", u'The opening up of 3.5 GHz airwaves "is setting a new paradigm for how spectrum sharing should work," chairman Tom Wheeler said in remarks in Washington.', u'The plan would allow wireless providers and others to use the airwaves without charge similarly to Wi-Fi, or to buy licenses for short-term exclusive use in some areas if the airwaves get crowded.', u'The FCC has been developing the system, known as the Citizens Broadband Radio Service, since 2012 and has drawn interest from various wireless Internet service and device companies, including Verizon, Google, Qualcomm Inc and Ericsson.', u'Trade groups such as the Telecommunications Industry Association praised the move.', u'\u201cThe spectrum crunch remains very real and the FCC\u2019s action represents significant progress toward opening more spectrum for broadband," the TIA\'s chief executive Scott Belcher said in a statement.', u'On Friday, the FCC also said it had voted to propose a notice seeking public comment on competitive bidding practices and rules in auctions of airwaves.', u'U.S. regulators have been working on plans to reform government airwaves auction rules to prevent big companies from tapping a discount program intended for small businesses.', u'The FCC is gearing up to hold an auction early next year of another set of airwaves belonging to broadcasters and repackaging them to sell them to the wireless industry.', u'(Reporting by Malathi Nayak and Alina Selyukh; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama, Christian Plumb and Jonathan Oatis)']), ([u'Bloomberg Outage Hits Financial Markets'], [u'LONDON \u2014  A two-hour outage at news and market data provider Bloomberg LP hit financial markets around the world on Friday, prompting debt sales to be postponed and exacerbating a spike in volatility in European stocks.', u'"We experienced a combination of hardware and software failures in the network, which caused an excessive volume of network traffic," Bloomberg said in a statement.', u'"This led to customer disconnections as a result of the machines being overwhelmed."', u'Bloomberg said service has been fully restored and the company is reviewing why its "multiple redundant systems" failed to prevent the disruption.', u'The lack of price visibility was blamed for accelerating a sell-off in European shares, while trading volumes in German government bond futures contracts fell by around a third.', u'There was little disruption to U.S. trading, according to market sources.', u'Bloomberg, which competes with Thomson Reuters Corp, provides real-time news and financial information to more than 320,000 subscribers globally and allows users to trade across asset classes.', u'Social media first reported the Bloomberg systems going down at around 0320 EDT and the screens were blank for most of the following two hours, market participants said, adding that prices were unavailable and the news feed intermittent.', u'Traders said the length of time the Bloomberg screens were down was unprecedented.', u'"There were frantic scenes on the markets this morning," said Connor Campbell, a financial analyst at spread betting firm Spreadex.', u'UNPRECEDENTED', u"Britain's Debt Management Office had planned a regular sale of 3 billion pounds of treasury bills on Friday morning. The tender was held later in the day. A spokesman said he could not recall the agency ever having to postpone a sale in similar circumstances.", u'The Bank of England said its core operations were not affected and that it had "all the tools it needs to carry out its responsibilities for financial stability, and provision of market liquidity, if and as required."', u'In a statement, Britain\'s financial market regulator, The Financial Conduct Authority, said: "We are aware of the issue and are monitoring the impact on our firms."', u'The volume of trading in German Bund futures between 0300 and 0500 EDT was down by around a third compared with the same period in the last few Friday trading sessions.', u'In that two-hour period, 62,845 lots of Bund futures were traded, according to Eurex data. That compares with 96,301 contracts a week ago, 89,048 on March 27 and 88,476 on March 20.', u'"It has created a lot of disruption, because there\'s lack of visibility," ADM Investor Services strategist Marc Ostwald said.', u'"While Friday is not generally a huge day for corporate issuance, everything\'s been put on hold because of it."', u'Bankers told Thomson Reuters market news service IFR that at least one corporate bond sale worth over 1 billion euros had been delayed because of the outage.', u'Traders said the outage had exacerbated volatile activity on stock markets, particularly around the expiration of options contracts. It also hindered the ability of traders to react to an announcement on new Chinese regulations.', u'"A lot of people use Bloomberg EMSX to route orders out, so there might have been loads of people wanting to react to the news but couldn\'t as they couldn\'t put their sales into the market," said Mark Ward, head of trading at Sanlam.', u"At 1235 EDT the leading index of Europe's top 300 shares was down 1.76 percent.", u'(Reporting by John Geddie, Jamie McGeever, David Milliken, Andy Bruce, Alex Chambers, Alistair Smout and Huw Jones; Editing by Catherine Evans, Jeremy Gaunt and Dan Grebler)']), ([u'China Says Investigating Former China Telecom Vice President'], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's top anti-graft agency has opened an investigation into former China Telecom Corp Ltd president and chief engineer Leng Rongquan, a 20-year executive and Communist Party member who retired in 2010.", u'Leng is being probed on "suspicion of serious violations of the law", according to a brief statement by the Communist Party\'s graft watchdog, the Central Commission for Discipline Inspection (CCDI).', u'The CCDI did not provide additional details about Leng\'s suspected activities but "serious violations of the law" usually connotes graft.', u'Leng joined China Telecom in 2004 from rival China Netcom.', u'A China Telecom spokeswoman said the carrier did not have "any additional information for disclosure" on the matter.', u"China's anti-corruption investigators pledged earlier this year to begin scrutinizing telecom giants China Mobile Ltd and China Telecom Corp Ltd after an ongoing probe into China Unicom Hong Kong Ltd ensnared several high-ranking executives.", u"The CCDI said it examined more than 50,000 cadres in 2014 alone, although investigations targeting an executive who has been retired for five years, as in Leng's case, have been relatively uncommon.", u"After completing sweeps of central and provincial governments last year, the CCDI said it would turn its attention to China's vast state-owned enterprises, which have long been plagued by underperformance despite reform efforts by central leaders.", u'(Reporting by Gerry Shih, editing by David Evans)']), ([u'Alibaba Helps Sinopec With Cloud Computing, Big Data'], [u"SHANGHAI \u2014  Chinese e-commerce titan Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has tied up with Sinopec, Asia's biggest oil refiner, to provide cloud computing services and 'big data' analysis, the companies said.", u'The link-up was for technical services and did not involve equity cooperation, China Petroleum & Chemical Corp, or Sinopec, said on its official microblog. It did not say how much money was involved.', u"Cooperation between Alibaba, a poster child for private enterprise in China, and one of the country's biggest state-owned companies dovetails with government policy.", u'Sinopec and other state behemoths have been under pressure to make better use of information technology and take advantage of cloud computing and big data to better track things like supply, demand and emissions.', u'Alibaba, whose $25 billion initial public offering in New York in September was the biggest on record, has been leveraging its good standing with the government to forge cloud computing agreements with various government or state-run bodies.', u'"By helping Sinopec with digitization and big data technologies, we hope we can play a part to help bring about greener solutions and new business opportunities," Allen Zhang, director at Alibaba\'s cloud computing business Aliyun, said in an emailed statement.', u"The cooperation between Aliyun and Sinopec would help upgrade some of the oil company's traditional petrochemical services, Sinopec said.", u'Aliyun is helping Sinopec build cloud-based business systems and perform data analytics covering the entire petrochemical production chain, Aliyun said.', u'The two companies were also exploring cooperation in areas including the so-called Internet of things, vehicle networking, finance and online payments, e-commerce and online-to-offline commerce.', u"Aliyun is China's biggest cloud services provider with about a 23 percent market share.", u'(Reporting by John Ruwitch)']), ([u'Village Women Run Safe Water Franchises in Arsenic-Hit India, Bangladesh'], [u'NEW DELHI (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Rural housewives in countries such as India and Bangladesh, where ground water has high levels of arsenic, are being encouraged to set up businesses to sell safe water to save lives in their communities and earn some income.', u'U.S.-based social enterprise Drinkwell Systems has developed a new system for removing toxic heavy metals from water and is seeking to scale up the process by selling the technology to community-based entrepreneurs with ', u' loans.', u'Drinkwell CEO Minhaj Chowdhury said the company had sold 208 units across India, Bangladesh, Laos, Nepal and Cambodia since setting up in 2013, providing safe water to 250,000 people.', u'Chowdhury, a U.S. national of Bangladeshi origin whose grandfather died of arsenicosis, said 20 percent of the business leaders were women.', u'"We actually find that women are the agents of change for water. You will never find men collecting water," Chowdhury told the Thomson Reuters Foundation.', u'"Females are our best entrepreneurs. They are our best stewards of money, they are our best advocates. Men tend to take more risks with the money."', u'Arsenic is naturally present in the ground and particularly high levels are found in regions in Argentina, Bangladesh, Chile, China, India, Mexico, Thailand and the United States.', u'Arsenicosis - the effect of drinking arsenic-rich water over a long period - can result in cancers of the skin, bladder, kidney and lung, and diseases of the blood vessels of the legs and feet, high blood pressure and reproductive disorders.', u'Although there is no reliable data on the number of deaths caused annually by arsenicosis, the World Health Organization (WHO) has said arsenic in drinking water is "the largest case of mass poisoning of a population in history".', u'A 2010 study in British medical Journal, The Lancet, said one in five deaths in Bangladesh were due to arsenic poisoning.', u'Chowdhury said $1.6 billion was spent by governments, foreign donors and charities every year on cleaning up water but few had found an efficient, affordable and sustainable solution.', u'Current water purification projects were not working as they were often relied on donors with shifting development priorities and technology which needed foreign maintenance, he said.', u'"You really need to have local operators from soup to nuts, from the cradle to the grave, from sourcing all the way to servicing in the value chain," Chowdhury said at this month\'s Sankalp Social Enterprise Forum.', u"His company's system uses a locally made ion exchange resin, which looks like small beads, to remove heavy metals and chemicals such as arsenic, fluoride and iron, while not removing good minerals so there is no need to re-mineralise the water.", u'As a result, Drinkwell says it can deliver 60 times more water and is 17 times more energy efficient at half the cost.', u'But scaling up the process at ground level to really have impact is the main challenge facing the company now.', u'"The way to eradicate this water crisis is not to rely on broken government institutions," said Chowdhury.', u'"If you ever visit some of these villages, you will be surprised to find how effective people are at running businesses such as grocery stores, barber shops, beauty salons."', u'(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith)']), ([u'With Eye on Mobile, Yahoo Revises Its Search Partnership With Microsoft'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  ', u' has finally gotten what she\u2019s wanted ever since she left ', u' three years ago to run ', u': a chance to build a new experience for searching the web and mobile phones.', u' to allow ', u' to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to Yahoo sites and apps.', u'Under the original agreement, struck five years ago, Yahoo was required to use ', u'\u2019s Bing search results and ads for all desktop searches, although it was free to use alternatives on mobile devices.', u'Yahoo\u2019s one billion users will not see a new search experience immediately, and any changes will probably be gradual. The venerable Internet company, which dominated web search before the rise of ', u', sold its search technology to ', u' under the original agreement and has only a small team devoted to search now.', u'But Ms. Mayer, who oversaw the interface and other major elements of the search experience at Google, has made it clear that she wants Yahoo to innovate on search, and the company has been experimenting with new approaches on mobile devices, particularly in personalizing results and presenting ads.', u'Search is vital to Yahoo\u2019s business, accounting for 35 percent of the company\u2019s revenue last year, or $1.8 billion. Under the original agreement, Microsoft gives Yahoo about 90 percent of the revenue from ads it shows on Yahoo. The companies said that under the revised deal, \u201cthis existing underlying economic structure remains unchanged.\u201d', u'Desktop users in the United States conducted 12.7 percent of their searches on Yahoo and 20.1 percent on Bing in March, ', u'. Google dominated the market with 64.4 percent of searches.', u'Ms. Mayer and Microsoft\u2019s chief executive, Satya Nadella, were both personally involved in the negotiations. Microsoft has poured billions of dollars into search, and Mr. Nadella is committed to remaining in the business. ', u' behind the European Commission\u2019s decision on Wednesday to bring antitrust charges against Google, accusing the company of abusing its dominance in search to hurt consumers and competitors.', u'Yahoo will now be able to sell desktop search ads to advertisers through its Gemini platform, which the company is building into a one-stop shop for buying ads across all Yahoo properties as well as other apps and sites in its network.', u'Microsoft will gradually take over sales of all ads for Bing search, allowing it to integrate the team more closely with the people developing search technology. Previously, the premium ads were sold by Yahoo sales representatives.', u'Both companies declined to elaborate on details of the agreement, citing the quiet period ahead of the release of their quarterly financial results next week.']), ([u'U.S. Air Force Moves Toward Common Satellite Control System'], [u'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. \u2014  The U.S. Air Force is studying how to develop a common ground system to track, communicate with and control all the satellites it operates, a move that would save money and improve cybersecurity, the head of Air Force Space Command said on Thursday.', u'General John Hyten said in an interview that several options were under discussion that would free up money to focus on the sensors on different satellite systems that are used for communications, navigation, missile warning and other missions.', u'He said the options included using an existing Air Force ground system developed for research satellites a decade ago; developing a larger system in-house; signing a services-based contract to handle the work, or hiring a contractor to design a single new system that would be used for all spacecraft.', u'"We have to figure out what baseline pipe everything is going to operate on, and then we need to go build that baseline pipe and define the interfaces," Hyten said at the annual Space Symposium conference.', u'He said the Air Force would continue to use ground systems developed by Lockheed Martin Corp for the Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS) satellites that provide early warnings of missile launches, and the Raytheon Co ground system that will operate Air Force global positioning satellites(OCX).', u'But the next generation of satellites would need to include common interfaces to allow them to plug into the new common ground system, Hyten said.', u"Lockheed, Raytheon and other big players in the military satellite market, such as Boeing Co and Northrop Grumman Corp, are eager for news about the Air Force's plans.", u'Smaller companies such as Harris Corp and commercial providers such as Intelsat Corp [INTHBT.UL] also see opportunities.', u'Hyten told the conference this week that developing a separate ground system for each separate satellite program was the "dumbest thing in the world" and change was overdue.', u'On Thursday, he told a news conference that "way too much money" had been spent on separate telemetry, tracking and control systems in recent years.', u'"We\u2019re going to figure out how to spend that money once and have industry do the unique things that are unique to their satellite," he said.', u'Developing a common ground system would also help shore up the security of the networks used to communicate with, track and control the satellites, and it would make it far easier to train Air Force personnel, Hyten said.', u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Steve Orlofsky)']), ([u'China\u2019s DJI Drones Flying High Among U.S. Companies'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Chinese ', u' maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has established a strong early lead in the U.S. commercial market as companies turn to its inexpensive, light-weight flying devices for a host of uses from shooting films to mapping and site inspections.', u'Sixty-one of the 129 companies that received regulatory approval to use unmanned aircraft are using DJI drones, or 47 percent, far ahead of its nearest rival, a Reuters review of federal records as of April 9 shows. Nearly 400 other companies, more than half of the 695 businesses still awaiting approval, have applied to use DJI drones.', u'Shenzhen-based DJI, whose best-selling Phantom 2 Vision+ drone retails for around $1,200 in the United States, estimates that it already has about 70 percent of the commercial market worldwide and a larger portion of the consumer market.', u'Federal records also suggest that DJI is quickly expanding its U.S. market share, thanks in part to a new process speeding federal exemptions for companies that intend to use drones previously vetted by regulators.', u'DJI accounted for about a third of the roughly 50 exemptions granted by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) from last September through mid-March. But it has claimed just over half of the 89 exemptions received since then.', u"Industry experts say basic drones such as DJI's are likely to drive the U.S. commercial market for the foreseeable future, meeting business demand for uses such as aerial photography for site inspections, real estate promotions and video production.", u'The market for more sophisticated unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs) is being limited by FAA policy that restricts commercial drone flights to line-of-sight operations at altitudes of 500 feet (152 meters) or less. Those rules are complicating efforts by e-commerce giants Amazon.com and Google Inc to develop high-tech drones capable of delivering packages over long distances.', u'"Those limitations effectively rule out larger UAVs, which are not going to be cost-effective with that sort of restriction," said Philip Finnegan, the Teal Group\u2019s director of corporate analysis. "It\u2019s really going to drive things toward the low end of the market."', u'The Teal Group expects the U.S. market for commercial drones to reach $5.4 billion in sales by 2023.', u'Founded in 2006 by Chinese entrepreneur Frank Wang, DJI generated nearly $500 million in revenue in 2014, up from $130 million in the prior year.', u'It expects to exceed $1 billion in sales this year and is in talks with investors to raise new capital. A person familiar with the discussions said DJI, valued at $10 billion, is also pursuing partnerships.', u'EASE OF USE', u'The emergence of a Chinese company as a dominant player in a new U.S. technology market has so far not raised concerns in Congress. Other Chinese technology companies including telecom equipment maker Huawei Technologies Co Ltd. have been accused by U.S. lawmakers of posing national security risks, hurting their chances of building a substantial U.S. business.', u"DJI's U.S. business customers include American International Group Inc, Commonwealth Edison Co in addition to a host of lesser known firms in real estate, insurance, energy, agriculture and film and television.", u'Due to safety concerns, U.S. companies are banned from using drones unless they obtain an FAA exemption. The U.S. aviation regulator proposed rules in February to lift the ban, but final regulations are not expected until late 2016 or early 2017.', u"Since FAA began granting exemptions last September, gains have been limited for DJI\u2019s rivals, whose products are often much more expensive. DJI's nearest competitor in the U.S. commercial market is Swiss drone-maker senseFly, owned by Paris-based Parrot, with 8.5 percent of the exempted companies, federal records show.", u"Sensefly's eBee mapping drone package has a price tag of around $25,000. More complex systems made by European and U.S. competitors can cost upwards of $100,000.", u"DJI has gained its market lead without a U.S.-based sales staff. Both hobbyists and business customers purchase drones through online retail outlets and directly from DJI's site, and say they stand out for their ease of use as well as the low price.", u'\u201cEverything just works. A lot of other systems require you to tweak all the settings and parameters," said Paul Callahan, chief executive of New York-based SouthGate Films, which won FAA approval this month to use a DJI drone for aerial photography including solar panel inspections.', u'Some lawmakers, including Senator Charles Schumer of New York, have called on the FAA to ease flying restrictions so drones can be used for a wider array of business applications. Lawmakers have also argued that restrictions on outdoor drone testing have put U.S. companies at a disadvantage to foreign rivals, which operate in less restrictive climates overseas.', u"Some industry executives say low-end drones like DJI's risk becoming commoditized and that the more promising market lies in high-end services such as thermal imaging and 3D mapping. DJI says it has plans to expand into more sophisticated drones.", u'(Reporting by David Morgan, Editing by Soyoung Kim and Stuart Grudgings)']), ([u'Jackpots for Local TV Stations in F.C.C. Auction of Airwaves'], [u'LAS VEGAS \u2014  The pitch to television broadcasters this week was not easy for them to swallow. It is a good time, they were told, to sell their most precious resource.', u'With Americans increasingly turning less to over-the-air television broadcasts and more to their mobile devices, the federal government wants to devote a bigger portion of the airwaves that carry communications signals to mobile phone data.', u'As it turns out, some of the most desirable airwaves \u2014 those able to travel far distances and through buildings and trees \u2014 are in the hands of America\u2019s local television stations. The government is seeking to pay stations billions of dollars to move off those airwaves, and then it plans to sell those airwaves to wireless carriers.', u'But if enough stations do not offer up their airwaves, also known as spectrum, the ambitious plan of the ', u' will not take shape. And so this week, at a major conference here for broadcasters, officials from the F.C.C. went into sales mode. Consider how much money you could make, they told the stations, and consider how little you risk by sitting at the bargaining table with us.', u'Many stations seemed intrigued, if resignedly so. But they have been reluctant to commit, knowing that selling their airwaves could come at a price.', u'The stations that choose to sell will either go\xa0off the air entirely\xa0or move to a different channel \u2014 possibly sharing one with another station, limiting their capacity to do things like broadcast in high definition.', u'\u201cI\u2019ve told broadcasters: Your spectrum is your seed corn,\u201d said Gordon H. Smith, president of the National Association of Broadcasters, which is holding the conference, and a former Republican senator from Oregon. \u201cIf you sell that, you have no harvest next year. You can\u2019t plant.\u201d', u'Still, Mr. Smith said he had recently warmed to the idea. \u201cWhy is it exciting?\u201d he said. \u201cBillions of dollars.\u201d', u'The F.C.C. effort to redistribute spectrum is expected to take an unprecedented form, with two auctions conducted simultaneously. The government will bid on airwaves from the broadcasters and, at the same time, sell those airwaves forward to wireless phone carriers. Although the auction date has yet to be set, the agency predicts it will take place in the first three months of 2016.', u'Tom Wheeler, chairman of the F.C.C., has called the auction a top priority, one that was seen as possibly characterizing his legacy \u2014 at least before his recent handling of ', u'.', u'Mr. Wheeler made his own case on Wednesday at the broadcasters\u2019 convention, calling the chance to cash out \u201ca once-in-a-lifetime opportunity\u201d that would be lucrative without impairing those broadcasters committed to staying on the air.', u'Some broadcasters have put up potential roadblocks to Mr. Wheeler\u2019s proposal. A lawsuit filed by the National Association of Broadcasters argues that the F.C.C. is not doing all it can to ensure that stations that stay on the air will reach the same coverage area they did before.', u'Even those stations interested in the auction have concerns.', u'Preston R. Padden, executive director of the Expanding Opportunities for Broadcasters Coalition, which represents 85 stations around the country that would like to participate, said the F.C.C.\u2019s formula had set opening bid prices too low.', u'The broadcasters\u2019 part of the auction will feature reverse bidding, with the lowest dollar amount winning, so the opening price is critical because it represents the highest figure possible.', u'Still, huge money is at stake, enough to make the stations listen. A simpler auction last year, which sold airwaves widely seen as less desirable than those held by the TV stations, raised $41 billion.', u'\u201cThis is beachfront property,\u201d said Ellen Satterwhite, a former F.C.C. employee and director of Glen Echo Group, a strategic communications firm focused on technology and telecommunications issues. \u201cWe\u2019re not going to get this quality of spectrum, or this much spectrum, on the market in the foreseeable future.\u201d', u'In the wireless industry, nearly three-quarters of this kind of spectrum \u2014 which delivers more reliable phone service, particularly in rural areas \u2014 is owned by AT&T and Verizon, the two dominant wireless carriers. T-Mobile and Sprint, the next largest wireless carriers, have a tiny portion of those airwaves, and a major motivation for the auction is to keep competition among those four players alive.', u'In selling the spectrum, the agency has said it plans to set aside some of it for smaller carriers like T-Mobile and Sprint. But just how much of this prized resource is earmarked for them, and how deeply it is discounted, is a major point of contention.', u'Profits from the auctions will go to the Treasury.', u'\u201cThe F.C.C. is trying to balance the desire to bolster competition in the wireless industry by steering spectrum to smaller players, while also recognizing their obligation from Congress to maximize revenue for U.S. taxpayers,\u201d said Craig Moffett, senior analyst and partner at MoffettNathanson Research.', u'But the ability to sell any spectrum, discounted or not, hinges on enough broadcasters putting their swath of it on the auction block. The agency needs at least 200 stations, of about 2,100 eligible ones, from specific parts of the country to participate for the complex undertaking to succeed.', u'The F.C.C. is taking no risks, waging a full-tilt marketing campaign. In recent weeks, it has visited broadcasters in cities from Buffalo to Indianapolis. After the convention here, the agency will go to about 20 more regions, including Denver, Miami and Seattle. Each F.C.C. presentation goes into great detail about the logistics of the auction, in an effort to educate the stations about the process and dispel uncertainty or fear.', u'Some stations, like KCET in Burbank, Calif. \u2014 whose spectrum was valued at around $500 million by an investment bank working with the F.C.C. \u2014 have already decided they want in. Gordon Bell, senior vice president for engineering, operations and information technology at KCET, a public educational station, said money was the primary motivator.', u'\u201cLike most public broadcasters, we\u2019re not exactly rich,\u201d Mr. Bell said. \u201cThis was looked at as a pretty good shot in the arm for public broadcasting. We\u2019re getting paid for something we don\u2019t even own.\u201d', u'The government owns the spectrum the broadcasters use, having licensed it to them during the Eisenhower administration. But Blair Levin, a former F.C.C. staff member who wrote the first proposal for holding this kind of auction, said that paying to reclaim the broadcasters\u2019 spectrum offered them a strong incentive to move off it, as well as recognition of the businesses they built on it.', u'Nonetheless, more than two dozen broadcasters here expressed concerns about uprooting their stations, speaking anonymously for fear that their consideration of participating could affect investor, advertiser or employee perceptions.', u'Some said they were concerned the selling price would be too low. But most shared worries that a decline in local broadcasting would give cable and satellite giants a stronger dominance over the TV market and be costly for consumers.', u'Still, Mr. Levin said, broadcasters bristled less this week than they had six years ago, when discussions of this type of auction were only hypothetical.', u'At that time, \u201cone broadcaster told me, \u2018This is the equivalent for broadcasters of the Bataan Death March,\u2019\xa0\u201d he said. \u201cBut at the end of the Bataan Death March, the Japanese did not give the soldiers multimillion-dollar checks.\u201d']), ([u'Sprint Unit Launches Prepaid Cell-Phone Service to Cuba'], [u'MIAMI \u2014  Boost Mobile, part of Sprint Corp, on Thursday launched a prepaid plan for U.S. consumers calling and texting Cuba, taking advantage of new, relaxed U.S. commercial regulations with the Communist-run island nation.', u"The Obama administration's new Cuban policy regulations approved by the Treasury and Commerce departments have opened the door for U.S.-based telecommunications firms to start potentially lucrative services to Cuba.", u"Last month U.S.-based IDT Corp reached an agreement with Cuba's Empresa de Telecomunicaciones de Cuba SA (ETECSA) to provide direct international long-distance service.", u'Boost Mobile offers prepaid wireless service to consumers with no need for long-term subscription contracts.', u'The company announced a $50 monthly plan, allowing customers to pay about $0.30 per minute, which it described as the lowest introductory rate per minute among prepaid carriers to call Cuba. The plan includes unlimited texting.', u'"That\u2019s a great value," Dow Draper, president of Boost Mobile and Sprint Prepaid, told a news conference. "We hope this is a meaningful start to reducing the costs of calls to Cuba in general, while gaining a few more subscribers."', u"In a show of solidarity with young Cuban-Americans anxious to improve connectivity with the island, the company is donating $10,000 to Roots of Hope, a group of young Cuban-American professionals at the forefront of President Barack Obama's policy of engagement with Cuba.", u'After the United States imposed an economic embargo on Cuba in the 1960s, phone communication between the two countries had to pass through third countries, greatly increasing calling costs.', u'As many as 2 million Cuban-Americans live in the United States, mostly in Florida, many of whom left behind relatives. The service is being rolled out in Miami, the heart of the Cuban-American community.', u"Scarcely 2 million people out of Cuba's population of 11 million have cell phones. Cuban officials cite the U.S. embargo as the reason for its weak development and say they hope to reach 60 percent mobile-phone access by 2020.", u'The United States has set connectivity as a priority in its new relationship with Cuba. Telecommunications equipment, technology and services were among the first exemptions to the embargo after Washington and Havana announced a restoration of diplomatic relations in December.', u'Roots of Hope said it will use the money to fund a program it operates to send cell phones to Cuba.', u'(Reporting by David Adams and Francisco Alvarado; Editing by Jeffrey Benkoe and Eric Beech)']), ([u'AMD Loss Bigger Than Expected as PC Sales Remain Weak'], [u'(Reuters) - U.S. chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices Inc reported a bigger-than-expected adjusted loss and a steep fall in sales for the first quarter and said it expected weak demand for personal computers to continue for some time.', u'Shares of the company, which also said it would exit the dense server system business, fell more than 8 percent in extended trading on Thursday.', u'Chief Executive Lisa Su said the PC market would remain challenged as original equipment manufacturers focus on lean inventories.', u'The company, which said in October it would cut 7 percent of its workforce, has been shifting its focus to gaming consoles and low-power servers to combat falling laptop sales.', u"But progress has lagged Wall Street's expectations due to continued weak PC and graphic card sales as well as intense competition from Intel Corp.", u'Personal computer shipments fell 5.2 percent in the first three months of this year, extending three years of declines, according to research firm Gartner.', u'"It looks like the channel inventory dynamics that they have been struggling with for the past 2 quarters is continuing and their margins are under pressure," Raymond James analyst Hans Mosesmann said.', u'Su, however, said she expects business to pick up in the second half of the year, pivoting hopes on the release of Windows 10 and new product offerings by the company.', u'The dense server system business, formerly known as SeaMicro, helps firms reduce power consumption and improve space efficiency for data centers.', u'The company said it recorded a charge of $75 million in the first quarter related to the sale of the business as well as an additional $12 million charge related to a restructuring plan last year.', u"AMD's net loss widened to $180 million, or 23 cents per share, in the quarter ended March 28 from $20 million, or 3 cents per share, a year earlier.", u'Excluding items, AMD reported a loss of 9 cents per share, compared with the average analyst estimate of a loss of 5 cents, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.', u"Revenue fell 26.2 percent to $1.03 billion, missing analysts' average estimate of $1.05 billion.", u'AMD forecast current-quarter revenue to fall 3 percent, plus or minus 3 percent, from the first quarter.', u'That implied revenue of $999.1 million to $969.1 million, below analysts average estimate of $1.13 billion.', u"The company's shares were down 8.4 percent at $2.63 in trading after the bell.", u"(Reporting By Arathy S Nair and Lehar Maan in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)"]), ([u'Accused Facebook Fraud Fugitive Still Missing, U.S. Appeals Court Hears'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  A lawyer for a New York man who disappeared ahead of his criminal trial over charges he tried to defraud Facebook Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg told a U.S. appeals court his client was like the fugitive protagonist of "Les Mis\xe9rables."', u"Joseph Alioto, the lawyer for Paul Ceglia, made the statement on Thursday as he urged the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York to revive Ceglia's civil lawsuit seeking half ownership of Facebook under a purported contract with Zuckerberg.", u'That lawsuit became the basis for a criminal case, in which prosecutors contend the contract was forged.', u'Ceglia was set to face trial on May 4 but disappeared in March, along with his wife, two children and his dog. Alioto told the 2nd Circuit he had no idea where Ceglia was now.', u'"It\'s very unfortunate, like Jean Valjean," said Alioto, referring to the central character of Victor Hugo\'s 1862 novel and the more recent Broadway musical.', u'Ceglia, 41, has been wanted since March 8, after his ankle bracelet was found removed at his Wellsville, New York, residence. The U.S. Marshals Service is offering a $5,000 reward for information leading to his arrest.', u"Ceglia was charged in 2012 with fraud for forging documents to extort Zuckerberg out of 50 percent of Facebook, whose market value as of Wednesday's close was about $231 billion.", u'That case stemmed from a 2010 lawsuit against Facebook and Zuckerberg in Buffalo, New York, in which Ceglia said Zuckerberg, then a student at Harvard University, signed a contract giving him half of a planned social networking website.', u"U.S. District Judge Richard Arcara last year dismissed Ceglia's lawsuit after another judge said the contract was doctored.", u'Alioto on Thursday said that was the wrong decision and that the case should go to trial.', u'"There was substantial evidence showing the document was authentic," he said.', u'Orin Snyder, Facebook\'s lawyer, countered that Arcara had authority to dismiss the "litigation fraud" that Ceglia was pursuing.', u'"It\'s brazen, premeditated and unprecedented in scope," Snyder said, referring to Ceglia\'s civil lawsuit.', u"The 2nd Circuit also heard arguments over whether to revive Ceglia's separate and previously dismissed lawsuit to block the criminal case.", u'The case is Ceglia v. Zuckerberg, 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 14-1365.', u'(Editing by Ted Botha)']), ([u"Apple Cooperation With Antitrust Monitor Down 'Sharply': Report"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Inc\'s cooperation with a court-appointed monitor has "sharply declined" as he reviews the iPad maker\'s antitrust compliance policies, the monitor wrote in a report to a judge.', u'Michael Bromwich, who became Apple\'s monitor after it was found liable for conspiring to raise e-book prices, said in a report on Thursday that Apple objected to providing information and "inappropriately" attempted to limit his activities.', u'Bromwich, whose relationship with Apple has been testy since the start, had indicated that relations had improved in a report in October to U.S. District Judge Denise Cote in Manhattan.', u'However, he said in his latest report that the company recently had taken a more "adversarial tone" in discussions.', u'"We have conducted no interviews since January, and Apple has rejected our recent requests for interviews," Bromwich wrote.', u'Despite those difficulties, Bromwich said he had interviewed Apple\'s entire board and executive team, and Apple had made progress in developing a "comprehensive and effective" compliance program.', u'Representatives for Apple did not immediately respond to requests for comment.', u'Bromwich, a former U.S. Justice Department inspector general, was appointed by Cote in October 2013 after she found the company liable in the civil antitrust case brought by the Justice Department.', u'Cote ruled that Apple played a "central role" in scheming from late 2009 into early 2010 with five publishers to raise e-book prices and impede competitors such as Amazon.com Inc.', u"The publishers include Lagardere SCA's Hachette Book Group Inc, News Corp's HarperCollins Publishers LLC, Penguin Group Inc, CBS Corp's Simon & Schuster Inc and Verlagsgruppe Georg von Holtzbrinck GmbH's Macmillan.", u"Apple has appealed, arguing it engaged in pro-competitive conduct when it entered an e-books market in 2010 dominated by Amazon. During arguments in December, a three-judge panel appeared sympathetic to Apple's arguments.", u'If Apple wins the appeal, it could jeopardize a related $450 million settlement among Apple, 33 attorneys general, and lawyers for a class of consumers.', u'A separate appeal by Apple seeking to disqualify Bromwich was heard in March. Apple said Bromwich has been overly aggressive in seeking interviews with executives and engaging in private discussions with the Justice Department.', u"Apple has also objected to Bromwich's fees, initially $1,100 an hour before being reduced to an undisclosed amount.", u'The case is U.S. v. Apple Inc, U.S. District Court, Southern District of New York, No. 12-02826.', u'(Reporting by Nate Raymond in New York. Editing by Noeleen Walder and Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Andreessen Horowitz Hires Facebook Former General Counsel Ted Ullyot'], [u"(Reuters) - Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz has hired Facebook Inc's former general counsel Ted Ullyot for handling its policy and regulatory affairs.", u'Andreessen Horowitz has set up a policy and regulatory affairs team to manage regulatory and legal issues related to technology companies, a spokeswoman for the firm said on Thursday.', u"Andreessen Horowitz's portfolio includes online home rental marketplace Airbnb and ride-sharing service Lyft, both of which have faced regulatory issues.", u'Ullyot has earlier been a litigation partner in Kirkland & Ellis LLP. He has also served as a deputy assistant to former U.S. President George W. Bush and chief of staff at the Justice Department under former attorney general Alberto Gonzales.', u'(Reporting by Arathy S Nair in Bengaluru; Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u'Verizon Adds College Sports to Mobile Video Service'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Verizon Communications Inc will offer college sports programing in its upcoming online video service targeted at families and younger viewers who increasingly watch content on mobile devices, the company said on Thursday.', u'Verizon is expected to release its video service this summer and content from CBS Sports, ESPN, ACC Digital Network, Campus Insiders, and 120 Sports will be available later this year, the company said.', u"In March, Verizon announced a deal to add original online programing to its service from DreamWorks Animation and its AwesomenessTV unit that is known for creating popular content aimed at teens and younger adults known as millennials on Google Inc's YouTube.", u'Verizon executives have said the company\'s "mobile-first" service will offer 20 to 30 channels and that they also see a market for streaming original content.\xa0', u'More content deals are in the works and Verizon may rely largely on advertising for revenue from its upcoming online video service, company executives have said.', u'(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; editing by Gunna Dickson)']), ([u'Berlin Court Upholds Ban on Uber Ride-Share Service'], [u'BERLIN \u2014  A Berlin court has upheld a ban on the U.S-based online taxi service Uber, which allows users to summon a ride with their smartphones, saying the company did not comply with German laws on the carriage of passengers.', u'The ruling by the Berlin-Brandenburg Higher Appeals Tribunal confirms a ban from last August that prohibited the service because it did not offer drivers and vehicles licensed to carry passengers or provide full insurance cover.', u"Uber drivers are private citizens who use their own cars to pick up the service's customers.", u"Uber, the world's most valuable venture-backed start-up with a valuation of $40 billion, is facing increasing legal challenges across Europe, where local taxi drivers have taken to both the streets and courts to fight it.", u'It has been criticized worldwide over how it pays drivers, charges passengers and ensures their safety. Taxi companies argue it competes unfairly because it does not have to pay their steep license fees and bypasses local laws.', u'Last month, a German court banned Uber from running services using unlicensed cab drivers and set stiff fines for any violations by Uber of local transport laws.', u'(Reporting by Caroline Copley; Editing by Larry King)']), ([u'Crafts Website Company Etsy Valued at $4 Billion in Market Debut'], [u'(Reuters) - Shares of Etsy Inc, an online marketplace for handmade goods and crafts, more than doubled in their debut on Thursday, valuing the company at about $4 billion.', u"The company's offering of about 16.7 million shares raised about $267 million, after it was priced at the top end of the expected range of $14-$16.", u'"There is demand within the niche they operate in for unique handcraft and vintage goods," Wedbush Securities analyst Gil Luria said, starting coverage with a "neutral" rating.', u'Brean Capital started with a "buy" rating, citing Etsy\'s "differentiated products" and popularity on social networks such as Facebook.', u'Founded in 2005 by Robert Kalin, Etsy has grown from a website selling wooden goods to an online community offering handmade items.', u'Etsy, which has 29 million items listed on its website, offers jewelry, stationery, clothing, crafts and home goods.', u"The company's revenue comes from listing fees and commissions on sales and from its advertising platform, payment processing and shipping services.", u'Etsy, whose larger rivals include Amazon.com Inc, eBay Inc and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd, had 1.4 million sellers and 19.8 million buyers as of December.', u'The global online retail market is expected to grow about 17 percent to $1.5 trillion between 2013 and 2018, according to research firm Euromonitor.', u"Etsy's revenue rose 56 percent to $195.6 million in the year ended Dec. 31, while net loss widened to $15.2 million from $796,000.", u'New York-based Etsy sold 13.3 million shares, while stockholders including venture capital firms Accel Partners, Index Ventures, Union Square Ventures and Acton Capital sold the rest.', u'Etsy is designated a "benefit corporation", which is an entity whose corporate goals include having a positive impact on society and the environment. The company has identified any loss of this status as a potential risk to its reputation.', u"Some of Etsy's sellers have expressed concerns the website will lose its popularity as a marketplace for unique items after the company went public.", u'"I would hate to see Etsy turn into a Google shopping that is crowded with items from China," said Kimberly Fink, who sells gift items for cancer patients on Etsy\'s website.', u"Etsy's shares were up 97 percent at $31.60. The stock, which was the top percentage gainer on the Nasdaq, opened at $31 and touched a high of $35.74.", u'Goldman Sachs, Morgan Stanley and Allen & Co LLC were underwriters for the IPO.', u'(Editing by Kirti Pandey)']), ([u"India's Tata Consultancy Accused in U.S. Lawsuit of South Asian Bias"], [u"(Reuters) - Tata Consultancy Services Ltd has been sued by a white American information technology worker who accused India's largest software services exporter of overwhelming favoritism toward workers of South Asian descent in the United States.", u"In a complaint filed on Tuesday in San Francisco federal court, Steven Heldt said 95 percent of Tata's 14,000-person U.S. workforce descend from South Asia, primarily India, and that the company violated federal civil rights law by intentionally favoring them in hiring, promotion and termination decisions.", u'Ben Trounson, a Tata spokesman, in an email said the Mumbai-based company "is confident that Mr. Heldt\'s allegations are baseless, and plans to vigorously defend itself."', u"Tata's market value is just over 5 trillion rupees (US$80 billion), Reuters data show. It separately reported fiscal fourth-quarter results on Thursday.", u'Heldt said he experienced "substantial anti-American sentiment" in his 20 months at Tata, including from a human resources manager who allegedly called Americans "selfish and demanding" and said "I don\'t like dealing with Americans."', u'Despite claiming to have been in the industry since 1996, Heldt said Tata saddled him with "menial" or no substantive work as it shuffled him between several jobs, ending with the Californian\'s firing in March 2014.', u'Heldt is seeking class-action status for Tata workers and job applicants in the United States since April 2011 who are not of South Asian race or from India, Bangladesh and Nepal. He seeks a halt to discrimination, and unspecified damages.', u'"The experience of Mr. Heldt is representative of what is happening across the country at Tata," his lawyer Daniel Kotchen said in a phone interview. "We believe it reflects a broad preference toward a specific race and national origin, and that any such preference violates U.S. anti-discrimination laws."', u'Trounson, the Tata spokesman, said the company bases employment decisions on "legitimate non-discriminatory business reasons," without regard to race or national origin.', u'The case is Heldt v Tata Consultancy Services Ltd, U.S. District Court, Northern District of California, No. 15-01696.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Ted Botha)']), ([u'Microsoft and Yahoo Amend Search Deal'], [u'(Reuters) - Microsoft Corp and Yahoo Inc amended a 2009 search partnership, giving Yahoo more control over how search results are displayed on desktops and mobile devices.', u'The 10-year search partnership, crafted by former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and former Yahoo CEO Carol Bartz, allowed the companies to amend or terminate it after five years.', u'Last month, the companies extended by 30 days the deadline to renegotiate the deal.', u'Earlier, Microsoft controlled how Bing displayed search results on Yahoo websites accessed on PCs.', u'Microsoft will now own the ads delivered from its own Bing Ads platform.', u'Yahoo was responsible for sales for Bing search ads.', u'Microsoft and Yahoo plan to transition sales responsibilities starting this summer.', u'Originally, the deal also included a revenue-sharing agreement where Microsoft paid Yahoo a percentage of Bing ads revenue delivered from Yahoo searches. This structure would remain intact, the companies said.', u'Yahoo and Microsoft shares were down marginally in late-morning trading.', u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian)']), ([u'German Union Threatens Amazon With Long Fight Over Wages'], [u'DUESSELDORF, Germany \u2014  German labor union Verdi is prepared for a long fight with U.S. online retailer Amazon.com Inc for better pay and conditions and expects more strikes this Christmas.', u"Verdi has organized frequent strikes at Amazon since May 2013 as it seeks to force the retailer to raise pay for warehouse workers in accordance with collective bargaining agreements across Germany's mail order and retail industry.", u'"Amazon counts as a retailer," Verdi board member Stefanie Nutzenberger said at an event on Wednesday evening in Duesseldorf. "They are a competitor of store and catalog retailers."', u"Amazon has repeatedly rejected the union's demands, saying it regards warehouse staff as logistics workers and that they receive above-average pay by the standards of that industry.", u'A spokeswoman said Amazon was a fair and responsible employer even without a collective wage deal.', u'"That is no easy conflict. We are sticking with it and will continue our work stoppages, also at Christmas again if necessary," Nutzenberger said.', u'"Two years are not a long time in the fight for collective bargaining," she said, adding it took Verdi seven years to achieve its goals at Swedish furniture giant IKEA.', u'Nutzenberger said she was not worried that the strikes could push Amazon to serve German clients from warehouses in neighboring countries.', u'"Amazon needs the German locations," she said. "There is no reason to change our strategy."', u"Germany is Amazon's second-biggest market after the United States with 10,000 warehouse staff plus more than 10,000 seasonal workers.", u'(Reporting by Matthias Inverardi; Writing by Emma Thomasson; Editing by Vincent Baby)']), ([u'Apple Digs In on Green With China Solar, US Forest Projects'], [u'PALO ALTO, Calif. \u2014  In a quest to be more green, Apple says it is investing in Chinese ', u' and preserving forests that make environmentally friendly paper.', u'The initiatives come as the tech giant this year met a self-imposed goal of powering all its U.S. operations with renewable energy to reduce carbon emissions \u2014 initiatives that have won high marks from environmental groups.', u"On Thursday, Apple announced a new focus on using paper from trees harvested under environmentally sound conditions. It's also promising to use more renewable power overseas, where Apple relies heavily on contract manufacturers \u2014 and where a top executive acknowledged the company can do more.", u'"It\'s important to us to tackle climate change everywhere we are," Lisa Jackson, Apple\'s vice president for environmental initiatives, told The Associated Press. "When you talk about China, you\'re talking about manufacturing partners. We\'re looking to bring the same innovation there. This is the start."', u"The new solar project in China has a capacity of 40 megawatts, which is smaller than some projects Apple has announced in the United States. By comparison, Apple is spending $850 million for rights to nearly half the output of a 280-megawatt solar facility planned for construction south of Apple's Cupertino, California, headquarters. That project will produce enough energy to power all of Apple's California offices, a computer center and 52 retail stores.", u"Still, the Chinese project will produce more than the amount of energy consumed by Apple's 19 corporate offices and 21 retail stores in China and Hong Kong, Jackson said. She added that Apple uses renewable energy for 87 percent of the power at its facilities worldwide.", u"That figure, however, doesn't include substantial power consumption by contract manufacturers. With the new project in China, Apple is looking to improve its own operations first.", u'"Before we go somewhere else and start asking and eventually requiring clean energy, you want to make sure you show folks how to do it," said Jackson, who was U.S. Environmental Protection Agency administrator during President Barack Obama\'s first term.', u"Apple and other tech companies have drawn criticism in the past for use of toxics in manufacturing and data centers powered by electricity from coal. But Apple's moves away from those practices in recent years have won accolades from groups like Greenpeace, which issued a statement praising the Chinese project Thursday.", u'Jackson declined to say how much Apple is investing in the Chinese project, which is being built in partnership with U.S. energy company SunPower and four Chinese firms. Although China is known for heavy reliance on coal, its government has set aggressive goals for solar, wind and ', u' power.', u'Meanwhile, Apple pledged an unspecified amount of money for a Virginia-based nonprofit, the Conservation Fund, to purchase two large tracts of timberland on the East Coast. The Conservation Fund will resell the land \u2014 36,000 acres of timberland in Maine and North Carolina \u2014 to commercial interests under legally binding terms that require future owners to preserve the forest and follow environmentally sound principles for cutting and replanting trees.', u"Larry Selzer, the group's chief executive, said that will protect the forest while keeping it in the hands of private owners who pay taxes and create jobs. Selzer said he'll use proceeds from reselling the land to buy and protect additional tracts.", u"Apple won't necessarily buy paper made from trees on that land, but Jackson said the investment will increase the supply of sustainable wood fiber. She said the two tracts would produce about half the non-recycled wood fiber used in Apple's product packaging last year.", u"That would put Apple halfway toward its goal of obtaining all its non-recycled paper products from sustainable timber. Apple wouldn't say how much paper it uses, but it says two-thirds of its paper packaging comes from recycled material. In the last three months of 2014, Apple sold more than 100 million iPhones and other gadgets, most in cardboard boxes."]), ([u'SunPower, Apple to Build Solar Projects in China'], [u'(Reuters) - Solar panel maker SunPower Corp said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two ', u" projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts.", u"The projects, when complete, will be co-owned by Apple and Sichuan Shengtian New Energy Development Co Ltd, SunPower's project development joint venture.", u'Completion of the projects, which are expected to provide up to 80 million kilowatt-hours per year, is expected in the fourth quarter of 2015, SunPower said.', u'Shares of SunPower, which is majority owned by French energy', u'giant Total SA, were up 1.4 percent at $33.85 in early trading on the Nasdaq on Thursday.', u'China set a higher-than-expected target for solar power installations for 2015 last month as it seeks to boost renewable energy use.', u'China said it aims to install 17.8 gigawatts (GW) of solar power capacity this year, up nearly 20 percent from the original goal of 15 GW, with nearly 70 percent from the 10.52 GW of solar generation capacity China installed last year.', u"Apple, which uses renewable energy to power its data centers, said in February it would buy about $850 million of power from First Solar Inc's California solar farm to cut its energy bill.", u'SunPower and longstanding rival First Solar last month announced a limited partnership, 8point3 Energy Partners LP, to jointly own some assets. The companies also filed for a proposed initial public offering of the YieldCo.', u'The move is expected to generate stable cash flows for the companies that have been expanding their power plant businesses.', u'(Reporting By Shubhankar Chakravorty in Bengaluru; Editing by Robin Paxton and Ted Kerr)']), ([u'Seattle Homeless Newspaper Vendors Pioneer Scan-To-Pay Google App'], [u"SEATTLE \u2014  Street vendors selling Seattle's Real Change newspaper will accept digital payments from Thursday through a new smartphone application developed by workers at Google Inc in a volunteer project to help hawkers serve increasingly cashless patrons.", u'Seattle residents looking for a weekly dose of reform-minded news will be able to scan a barcode with their phones to receive a $2.99 digital edition of the paper sold by homeless and poor men and women, Real Change and Google said. The print cost is $2.', u'"This app will help our paper survive in the digital age, when fewer people have ready access to cash and more people prefer to read news content on their mobile devices," said Timothy Harris, founding director of Real Change.', u'The app was developed over the past two years, Google said.     It was conceived by an employee who had volunteered at Real Change after the newspaper told Google that many potential Seattle patrons do not carry cash, and many vendors do not carry mobile phones.', u"Google said it would not make money on the app, which is owned by Real Change and can be downloaded free for use on Google's Android and Apple's iOS operating systems.", u'Google spokeswoman Meghan Casserly said the company believes the partnership with Real Change is the first time such a scan-to-pay app will be implemented in North America, though several efforts have been tried globally with varying degrees of success to help street newspaper vendors accept digital payments.', u'In South Africa, the newspaper The Big Issue uses a similar app but does not publish a digital version, Harris said.', u'Casserly declined to comment on whether the technology  would be used at some point for profit.', u'Real Change vendors, who pay 60 cents per copy for newspapers they sell in public places such as outside grocery stores and post offices, will receive $1.49 from the sale of the digital version, and $1.40 from the sale of the paper version, plus tips.', u'The paper, which employs roughly 800 low-income and homeless vendors in the Puget Sound area each year, was founded in 1994, according to a statement about the app. In 2014, vendors sold more than 615,000 newspapers and collectively earned more than $1 million, it said.', u'(Reporting by Eric M. Johnson in Seattle; Editing by Daniel Wallis)']), ([u'Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand'], [u'HAMBURG \u2014  Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds.', u'Airlines are rushing to install Wi-Fi on board, seeing not only an opportunity to meet demands from customers to be always connected, but also to make the most of advertising contracts from companies keen on access to this captive audience.', u"Panasonic Avionics, part of Panasonic Corp, says it has won a 46 percent share of business for Wi-Fi systems since 2009, taking the lead over rivals such as OnAir, Gogo and Global Eagle's Row44.", u'"We installed 488 systems on aircraft last year, but the rate needs to double to 1,000 a year to catch up with demand," Neil James, executive director sales and marketing, told Reuters at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg this week.', u'While Wi-Fi onboard has so far mainly been fitted to long-haul fleets, airlines are now looking at it for shorter flights, especially as people bring their own tablets on board. [ID:nL5N0VM2IV]', u'James predicted 12,000 narrow body planes would be equipped with the technology in the next 10 years.', u'He also said Panasonic would continue to look at acquisitions to expand its avionics business. It on Tuesday announced the purchase of software consultancy Tactel, which designs apps and portals.', u'SEEKING SATELLITES', u'Suppliers used the Hamburg show to tout hardware to capture the satellite signals that make Wi-Fi on board possible.', u'Global Eagle unveiled a prototype for a new antenna which does not only spin and lift as it seeks the best satellite reception but also tilts from side to side.', u'The antenna is aimed specifically at airlines flying close to the equator, such as those in South America and the Middle East, where other antennas can find it hard to pick up signals, chief engineer Simon McLellan said.', u"Honeywell and Inmarsat meanwhile said they were teaming up with Kymeta to test a new flat-panel design. Kymeta's electromagnetic metamaterial technology means a beam can be steered and locked to any satellite without having any moving parts in the antenna.", u'Honeywell says having Wi-Fi-connected planes is not only good for passengers but can help airlines save money by making it easier to share weather and maintenance data to ensure planes are taking the best routes and spending as little time on the ground as possible.', u'(Corrects paragraph three of APRIL 15 story to show Panasonic has 46 percent share of business won, not systems installed)', u'(Editing by David Evans)']), ([u'Israeli App Developer Zemingo on Acquisition Trail'], [u"TEL AVIV \u2014  Zemingo, Israel's biggest mobile applications developer, is on the hunt for more acquisitions to help it to double annual sales.", u'The company, which bought New York design studio Yellowtale for $2.5 million in late 2014, is aiming to strengthening its position in the burgeoning market for customized apps to help businesses operate more efficiently.', u"One such Apple iPad app for Sweden's Verisure Securitas Direct was designed to help sales staff to gather leads, analyze customers' needs and prepare price quotes. It also enables management to track sales staff in real time.", u'British research firm VisionMobile says businesses and professional users spent more than $28 billion on enterprise apps in 2013 and this is expected to jump to $58 billion by 2016. The bulk of the revenue is from customized apps.', u'Zemingo Chairman Zvi Frank sold his web-conferencing company Interwise to AT&T for $130 million in 2007. At Zemingo he employs 80 workers and is seeking to hire 50 more this year.', u'The company recently bought 9Design, changing its name to Yellowtale, to service U.S. customers and is expanding operations of its subsidiary PandaPepper for mobile marketing.', u'"We are very profitable and are doubling our sales every year," Chief Executive Tsiki Naftaly told Reuters, adding that sales were in the tens of millions of dollars.', u'Zemingo plans to boost activity in the United States, mainly through acquisitions. Naftaly is targeting companies in wearable computing and the so-called internet of things as well as development studios with a strong client base to penetrate new markets.', u'The Israeli business competes with U.S. rivals Fueled and MentorMate as well as London-based Golden Gekko, which was bought by Digital Management Inc in 2013.', u'The company has four spin-offs in the gaming and telecoms industry and is seeking to raise money for three more, including BoatBook, a social network that will enable boat owners to know where others are sailing or dropping anchor.', u'(Editing by Steven Scheer; Editing by David Goodman)']), ([u'Getting Around Without Draining Your Phone Battery'], [u'By Ben Gruber', u"San Francisco, CALIFORNIA - For the most part, GPS works great. It gives people the ability to get from point A to point B with a simple press of a button on a smartphone. That's until you hit a big city.", u"Tall buildings and satellite signals don't like each other and in an era where companies like UBER and YELP depend on accurate navigation, Pete Tenereillo of California start up Pathsense has this to say.", u'"GPS sucks. First off it sucks in accuracy especially in major metros where these transportation apps and delivery apps are thriving and, you know, satellite signals bounce all over the place," he said.\xa0', u'GPS also literally suck, quickly draining the battery life of a phone as its processors work overtime to triangulate real time satellite data.', u"Tenereillo and his team have developed a technology that he says tackles both of these issues. Instead of using satellites, Pathsense has written code that turns your phone into a navigation device similar to what's found on a submarine.", u'"We are using inertial navigation, so we are using things like the gyro, magnetometer and accelerometer and other sensors and these are things that are able to run even when the CPU on the phone is not on," Tenereillo said.\xa0', u'Without the CPU running, the phone uses 90 percent less battery than GPS, giving people the ability to run location services on multiple apps like Facebook and Twitter and a dozen others at the same time without draining battery.', u'Ironically, thanks to satellite data, an accurate map of planet Earth now exists. Pathsense utilizes those maps and uses the phones sensors to take the satellites out of the equation. \xa0', u'"So we know a map of San Francisco or a map of Arizona or Abu Dhabi. We can know a map of the inside of a Wall Mart and that is how we combine the sensor data with the things that we know about the world and we can continually correct," he said. \xa0', u'There are more than 500,000 apps that utilize location services between Apple and Android, a potentially huge market for the start up. \xa0The company has already raised $2 million USD in funding and Tanereillo is confident his company is heading - in the right direction. \xa0 \xa0']), ([u'Net Neutrality Row Grows Louder in India, Internet.org Hit'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  A group of India's leading technology and Internet firms has pulled out of Internet.org, Facebook's flagship effort to get billions more online, in a growing debate over free access and ", u' in the country.', u'Net neutrality is the concept that all websites on the internet are treated equally. The debate over access and neutrality has grabbed headlines in India this week after leading telecom carrier Bharti Airtel announced a product through which mobile "app" makers pay for data usage to allow customers to use their apps for free.', u"Activists and some users in the country, home to the world's third-largest population of Internet users, argue such platforms and subsidized access go against the idea of net neutrality.  Start-up firms say they could be at a disadvantage against deeper pocketed rivals.", u'Travel portal ', u' and Indian media conglomerate Times Group were the latest to take a public stance: both said on blog pages on Thursday that they would pull out of Internet.org, which also offers access to a limited portion of the Internet for free.', u'Facebook partnered with Indian telecom carrier Reliance Communications to launch Internet.org in India in February, making it the first country in Asia to get the app.', u"Aimed at low income and rural users, Internet.org's app offers free access to more than 30 pared-down web services, including job listings, healthcare and education sites, as well as Facebook's own social network and messaging services.", u"Facebook and other defenders argue Internet.org complements India's efforts to bring more people online.", u'Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who has been vocal about a free Internet in the past, defended the initiative in an article for the Hindustan Times newspaper on Thursday.', u'"Net neutrality is not in conflict with working to get more people connected," he wrote. "We will never prevent people accessing other services, and we will not use fast lanes."', u'(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee; Editing by Clara Ferreira Marques)']), ([u'Los Angeles Schools Seeking Refund Over Botched iPad Plan: LA Times'], [u"(Reuters) - The Los Angeles Unified School District is seeking a refund from Apple Inc over the district's bungled $1.3 billion effort to supply students with iPads, the Los Angeles Times reported on Wednesday.", u"The district's initiative, launched in 2013, to equip each of its roughly 650,000 students with an iPad or another computer device with curriculum from Pearson Plc, was the largest educational technology project of its kind in the United States.", u'The project soon ran into difficulties, however, and the technology rollout encountered problems, including students bypassing a security firewall on the iPads, while an independent report found that the built-in curriculum was often incomplete.', u"The Los Angeles Times said the LAUSD's Board of Education in a closed-door meeting on Tuesday authorized its attorneys to consider potential legal action against Apple and Pearson.", u'"As you are aware, LAUSD is extremely dissatisfied with the work of Pearson," the district\'s general counsel, David Holmquist, said in a letter to Apple on Monday, according to the Times. "While Apple and Pearson promised a state-of-the-art technological solution [...] they have yet to deliver it."', u'Holmquist added that the district was severing ties with both companies for future services on the project, according to the Los Angeles Times.', u'The letter was first reported by local public radio station KPCC on Wednesday.', u"Reuters could not independently verify the Los Angeles Times' report. Representatives for the district and Apple could not be immediately reached for comment on Wednesday night.", u'"Pearson is proud of our long history working with LAUSD and our significant investment in this ground-breaking initiative," a Pearson spokesman said in an emailed statement. "This was a large-scale implementation of new technologies and there have been challenges with the initial adoption, but we stand by the quality of our performance."', u"John Deasy, Superintendent at the nation's second-largest school district before he resigned in October, described the project as a civil rights initiative to help the district's mostly disadvantaged students. But he drew criticism over the process used to select Apple and Pearson.", u"The FBI is investigating the project, and agents in December seized 20 boxes of documents relating to the program's purchasing process from the district's headquarters.", u'Current LAUSD Superintendent, Ramon Cortines, said in February that the district could not afford the program, signaling that he was ready to abandon it.', u'(Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco; Editing by Susan Fenton)']), ([u'Apple Watches Will Not Be Available In-Store in May: Telegraph'], [u"(Reuters) - Apple Inc's watches will not be available to buy in-store in May, according to a memo from Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the Telegraph reported.", u'Customers will be asked to order online to "get customers the model they want earlier and faster," according to the memo posted by the Telegraph.', u'Deliveries of the watches will begin on April 24.', u'The Apple Watch sport starts at $349 while the standard version comes in at $549 in the United States. High-end "Edition" watches with 18-karat gold alloys are priced from $10,000 and go as high as $17,000.', u'A spokesman for Apple declined to comment.', u'(Reporting by Abinaya Vijayaraghavan in Bengaluru; Editing by Don Sebastian)']), ([u'SanDisk Forecasts First Full-Year Revenue Decline in Three Years'], [u'(Reuters) - SanDisk Corp forecast a steeper-than-expected fall in full-year revenue and said it plans to cut jobs to reduce costs, as the data storage products maker struggles to meet demand for its flash-based memory products.', u'The forecast of a revenue decline, which will be its first after two years, came after the company reported its first fall in quarterly revenue, also in two years.', u'Shares of SanDisk, which makes products for cloud computing and datacenters as well as for smartphones and other mobile devices, fell 6 percent in extended trading.', u"There is strong demand for SanDisk's solid-state drives and memory chips.", u'But, lower pricing, lean inventory, unplanned maintenance at its chip foundry last year and delay in sales of certain embedded parts has led to two revenue forecast cuts this year, including a warning last month.', u'"It looks like SanDisk is going to have pretty tough road ahead to haul in 2015," said Wedbush Securities analyst Betsy Van Hees, adding that the company\'s spending is high and will continue at "elevated levels."', u'The company plans to reduce its non-factory headcount by about 5 percent to cut costs, it said on a conference call. SanDisk had 8,696 full-time employees as of Dec. 28.', u'The job cuts were "a natural thing for them to do" given the shortfall in revenue numbers and the fact that SanDisk was ramping up headcount over the last year, said RBC Capital Markets analyst Douglas Freedman.', u"SanDisk's revenue forecast for the current quarter was well below analysts' average estimate and its full-year revenue forecast of $5.4-$5.7 billion also fell short of expectation of $6.15 billion.", u"SanDisk's revenue fell nearly 12 percent in the first quarter ended March 29 to $1.33 billion, slightly above analysts' average estimate of $1.31 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.", u'Net income fell nearly 86 percent to $39.0 million. On an adjusted basis, the company earned 62 cents per share, short of analysts estimates of 66 cents per share.', u'The company had said in January it had lost a major customer, widely believed to be Apple Inc, which switched to using solid state drives made by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd in its MacBooks.', u"SanDisk's shares were down 5.8 percent at $67 in trading after the bell.", u'The stock has lost just over a quarter of its value this year, which analysts say makes SanDisk an attractive target for companies looking to boost their presence in the enterprise market.', u"(Additional reporting by Supantha Mukherjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Savio D'Souza)"]), ([u"No Sex Please, Just Cutesy Flirting and Strawberries for China's Online Hostesses"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  In China's online hostessing world, men find virtual company and the women can find riches.", u'Student Xiao Yue, 21, spends four hours most days chatting online with fans who shower her with virtual roses and other presents.', u'She is one of more than 10,000 hostesses on the internet site ', u', a live broadcasting web platform where anyone can record themselves singing, playing piano, dancing or just chatting.', u'The hostesses are predominantly singers, playing to an audience that is 90 percent male, and mostly between the ages of 20 and 35. Acting cute is okay. Anything explicitly sexual is not.', u'Xiao Yue\u2019s specialty is to sajiao \u2013 a very Chinese type of flirting characterized by the woman acting in a cutesy childlike manner and speaking in a whiny voice. She puts on little dance mime routines one minute, seductively eats strawberries the next.', u'In return, users show their appreciation by sending her virtual gifts, which can be worth as much as thousands of yuan.', u'She admits many who have not used the service may find it hard to understand.', u'"We don\u2019t know each other but as time goes on, there\'s this indescribable feeling. They really support you, and their support improves your self-esteem... Perhaps people who don\u2019t normally use this service won\u2019t be able to understand the feeling."', u'For Zhu Peihua, who says he doesn\u2019t have enough money to get a girlfriend, it\u2019s all about companionship.', u'"After finishing work, except for watching TV, films or just lying in bed, playing computer games and so on, there isn\u2019t a real person talking to you. But with this... this is a real person. You can interact with them. I have some one who will talk to me."', u'STRICT RULES ABOUT WHAT YOU CAN AND CANNOT DO', u'Xiao Yue makes anything between a few thousand and more than ten thousand yuan ($1,600) a month getting users like Zhu to send the gifts. That pales in comparison with the more than a million yuan ($161,400) given to one hostess on the platform - a record so far.', u'Xiao Yue says most of her friends don\u2019t know about her work, as in the eyes of many the sites are still dominated by borderline erotic content. But following a series of anti-pornography crackdowns over the past few years, many hostess services have cleaned up their acts.', u'One hostess, Xianggong, relaxed with her mother after a live broadcast in her Beijing bedroom.', u'"We have very strict rules for the users. We have very clear rules about what you can do and what you cannot do," said Zuo Ming, head of operations at bobo.com.', u'In total there are about 50 internet companies in China running video chat services. The platforms typically take between 50 and 70 percent of the money donated by users.', u'For some fans, what can start as a diversion can turn into an obsession.', u'Wang Dong, 32, began watching the broadcasts when he started working for bobo as a graphic designer. He said the content left him cold at first, but he soon found himself infatuated with one hostess.', u'"She had such a sweet smile... Every now and again she had this kind of feeling of sincerity, so I began watching her broadcasts every day."', u'Wang became so obsessed, he began using his spare time to design personalized virtual gifts for her. He even helped her make a professional music video and got to meet her in real life, but a non-virtual relationship never blossomed.', u'"We\u2019re in contact occasionally... But I\'m not as obsessed. Perhaps it\'s because I feel reality is better after all."', u'(Additional reporting by Jason Lee; Editing by Nick Macfie)']), ([u'Microsoft, Once an Antitrust Target, Is Now Google\u2019s Regulatory Scold   '], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014 Not long ago, ', u' was the scourge of European antitrust regulators.', u'It was fined once, twice, three and four times. Finally, after ', u' paid more than $3 billion, Europe left it alone.', u'Now, ', u' is firmly in Europe\u2019s cross hairs: Antitrust regulators on Wednesday ', u' of abusing its dominance. And Microsoft is relishing a second act in Brussels, playing the role of scold instead of victim.', u'Microsoft has kept its coffers full for the fight, spending more on lobbying here than any European company. And Microsoft has founded or funded a cottage industry of splinter groups. The most prominent, the Initiative for a Competitive Online Marketplace, or Icomp, has waged a relentless public relations campaign promoting grievances against ', u'. Icomp hosts webinars, panel discussions and news conferences. It conducted ', u' that suggested changes made by Google to appease regulators were largely window dressing.', u'Microsoft has links, to varying degrees, with the three initial complainants that sparked the antitrust investigation into Google. And Microsoft\u2019s activity gained momentum as a new European government re-energized the investigation. Last month, Microsoft played an important role in a delegation of American companies that met with the United States ambassador here, essentially asking him to let Google fend for itself against European regulators.', u'The two companies are the Cain and Abel of American technology, locked in the kind of struggle that often takes place when a new giant threatens an older one. Microsoft was frustrated after American regulators at the Federal Trade Commission didn\u2019t act on a similar antitrust investigation against Google in 2013, calling it a \u201c', u'\u201d It has ', u' to the state level, along with a number of other opponents of Google.', u'The main battle is now in Europe, where the two companies are fighting what could be called an away game, thousands of miles from their American headquarters. Policy makers are alarmed that Google\u2019s European market share is roughly 90 percent in many countries, even greater than it is in America.', u'\u201cMicrosoft is doing its best to create problems for Google,\u201d said Manfred Weber, the chairman of the European People\u2019s Party, the center-right party that is the largest voting bloc in the European Parliament.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s interesting. Ten years ago Microsoft was a big and strong company,\u201d he added. \u201cNow they are the underdog.\u201d', u'None of this is to suggest that Google doesn\u2019t face serious questions about its business practices. Margrethe Vestager, the European competition commissioner, said in a news conference on Wednesday that \u201cin its general interest search results, Google artificially favors its own comparison shopping service\u201d to the detriment of rivals. \u201cThis constitutes an abuse.\u201d', u'She said the commission was continuing to investigate whether Google improperly copied other companies\u2019 content and used exclusivity deals to prevent businesses from using rival advertising platforms. She also formally opened an inquiry in a potent new battleground: how Google deals with competition in its Android operating system for mobile phones.', u'And Microsoft is hardly alone in this fight, with other American technology and Internet companies lining up against Google in Europe, including ', u', which ranks restaurants and other businesses, and ', u', a travel site. Influential European powers have also weighed in, including ', u', who have been aggrieved by Google\u2019s tactics and its use of their content.', u'\u201cThe reality in Brussels is that you\u2019re either in the Google camp or the opposite camp, and that goes for companies or advisers or trade associations,\u201d said Thomas Tindemans, the chief executive of the Brussels branch of Hill & Knowlton, the public relations firm. \u201cThis is a phenomenon we\u2019ve seen in the past, when the commission was going after Microsoft.\u201d', u'David Howard, Microsoft\u2019s deputy general counsel, said, \u201cWe have been clear all along about our concerns about Google\u2019s business practices and their effects on fair competition.', u'\u201cWe are one of more than 30 complainants, among many others, who have shared similar concerns with regulators hoping that competition will be restored for the benefit of consumers and businesses,\u201d he said.', u'Google has undertaken its own prodigious lobbying effort; its chairman, Eric E. Schmidt, has made appeals to top regulators. And it has disputed that it manipulates its search results or treats competitors unfairly.', u'In a statement, Peter Barron, a Google vice president based in Europe, said: \u201cWe face strong competition from many different sources. Amazon is the leader in online shopping; Booking, Expedia and Priceline are the big players in travel.', u'\u201cPeople have lots of choice online, and that has only increased in recent years \u2014 the tremendous growth of mobile devices underlines the dynamism and constant innovation we see in the online economy.\u201d', u'The European inquiry ', u' ', u' after three obscure businesses \u2014 one French, one British, one German \u2014 filed claims against Google.', u'Ciao, a German comparison shopping site, claimed that its agreement to use Google\u2019s search services restricted its ability to do advertising deals with Google\u2019s rivals. The site was bought by Microsoft before the company filed its complaint.', u'Foundem, a British online marketplace, ', u' that Google\u2019s search engine favors its own shopping services and demotes search results linked to Foundem and other competitors. Foundem was co-founded by Shivaun Raff, who went to work as an adviser to Icomp in 2011. Ms. Raff has traveled the world attacking Google\u2019s practices, meeting with regulators and policy makers in countries that include ', u' the ', u' and ', u'.', u'The third complainant, the French search company Ejustice.fr, has been advised by Jacques Lafitte. Mr. Lafitte, a Brussels lobbyist, previously served as a top corporate affairs official for Microsoft in Europe.', u'Microsoft and its allies have said there is no orchestrated effort. Mr. Lafitte was adamant in denying any connection to Microsoft. \u201cI haven\u2019t had any relationship with Microsoft for 10 years or more,\u201d he said.', u'Ms. Raff, in a statement on Wednesday, said the European case was \u201cabout ending Google\u2019s ability to manipulate its unprecedented power to its own financial ends and to the detriment of consumers and innovation.\u201d', u'Groups in Microsoft\u2019s employ have spread their wings widely. Burson-Marsteller, a public relations firm, has long worked for Microsoft and Icomp. After Lord Alan Watson, a member of Britain\u2019s House of Lords, retired from Burson in 2007, another Burson executive approached him about taking on a new project. \u201cWhat we want to do is create a type of trade association,\u201d Lord Watson said he was told at the time. \u201cMicrosoft is going to be one of the main sponsors.\u201d The trade group, Icomp, would largely take aim at Google, he was told. Lord Watson is now Icomp\u2019s chairman.', u'At a recent forum at a luxury hotel in London, after a brief introduction by Lord Watson, a variety of executives began complaining about Google. An executive from the Guardian newspaper group said that Google and Facebook had a tight grip on reader data. \u201cWe don\u2019t really like the idea of a one-off levy\u201d by regulators, he said. An executive from the Premier League, the soccer league in Britain, said tech companies were judged by their own rules. \u201cCompetition law doesn\u2019t apply online,\u201d he said. Another attendee called Google a threat to the survival of independent artists. A Yahoo executive told other speakers \u201cwe feel your pain.\u201d', u'\u201dGoogle is going to have to face a very serious and protracted investigation, which I hope very much will lay down new ground rules for the Internet,\u201d Lord Watson said in an interview at his office. If the European case falters, he added, \u201cthen I think Google will be completely unstoppable actually, and it will own the Internet, in effect.\u201d', u'Google has not been silent. Officially, its spending on lobbying has tripled since 2010, which is still only a third of what Microsoft spends. But European figures are porous, and companies can exclude the firms they hire related to investigations.', u'Google is building its own lobbying efforts. The company hired a former official from Europe\u2019s antitrust regulatory agency, ', u', who runs a lobbying firm here, and has employed other firms such as ', u', which has a former Belgian prime minister as its chairman.', u'The case is now in the hands of Ms. Vestager, who took over as the ', u'\u2019s competition chief in November. After five years and three failed rounds of settlement negotiations by her predecessor, Ms. Vestager has said she wants to take a new tack. And she appears to have succeeded in doing so.', u'\u201cThis has nothing to do with a company being European, American, Russian, Chinese or whatever,\u201d she said on Wednesday. \u201cIf you want to compete in European markets you will have to do that by abiding to European competition rules.\u201d']), ([u'Devices and Apps for Heading Outdoors After the Thaw'], [u'Now that spring is finally here, it\u2019s time to venture outside again. And there are a number of noteworthy devices to help you on your journey, whether it\u2019s to your backyard or farther afield.', u'Even the best routers can have trouble sending signals through walls, leaving you with dead spots in your home and yard. A Wi-Fi range extender like the ', u' can help solve that problem by improving the reliability of your wireless network. The Nighthawk AC1900 picks up your router\u2019s signal and repeats it, sending a stronger signal to the corners of your home and even outside.', u'How strong? Netgear says the AC1900 is capable of speeds of up to 1,900 megabits per second. Setup is easy, and the AC1900 also has five Gigabit Ethernet ports to connect wired devices.', u'Whether it\u2019s herbs in the windowsill or tomatoes in the backyard, a garden requires logistical preparation and careful management. The ', u' for the iPad and iPhone helps with the planning stages, like choosing the right plants and determining proper crop rotation, and allows gardeners to take those plans into the garden.', u'Using the app\u2019s extensive database of plants, gardeners can sketch out their growing area. As they add plants, the app shows how many will fit, how to space them and where to place them. Once the plan is complete, the app looks up the nearest weather station to determine the best planting times and creates a schedule to keep the garden on track. It will even send email reminders twice a month.', u'Rugged Bluetooth speakers make it easier to take your music with you as you venture outside. With models like Style, Sport and Tough, Fugoo speakers are designed for a range of outdoor uses. Each speaker has the same core technology, including six internal drivers \u2014 two tweeters, two woofers and two passive radiators \u2014 that offer a full, dynamic sound.', u'Customizable jackets determine the look of the speaker and enhance its durability, offering added protection from dust, dirt, mud and water. Fugoo claims its battery lasts up to 40 hours, making it one of the longest-lasting speakers on the market. The Sport model has a reinforced shell and a rubber trim for added protection. Mounts, remote controls and extra charging cables are also available from the company\u2019s website, ', u'.', u'Beats updated its Powerbeats headphones last year to offer Bluetooth capability, saying the design of the new headphones, the ', u', was inspired by ', u'. Whether you\u2019re king of the court or just out for a walk, the Powerbeats2 make it easier to exercise without getting tangled in wires. The headphones hook over the ear and come with four pairs of ear tips, providing a snug fit. An adjustable cable, which includes a remote control and microphone, rests out of the way behind the neck.', u'Beats headphones typically emphasize the bass, but I found that the Powerbeats2 offer a more balanced sound. And because the headphones let in ambient sounds, I felt safe exercising outdoors. The Powerbeats2 headphones are available in five colors: black, blue, pink, red and white. One note of caution: The headphones do not turn off automatically when the music stops, so you have to remember to shut them down manually or risk draining the battery.', u'Onboard GPS computers are a convenient way to track a bike ride, but they can cost several hundred dollars. A cheaper alternative is a bike mount for a smartphone, which already has GPS technology built in. The Quad Lock Mounting System from Annex Products, which was started as a crowdfunded project in Australia in 2012, is an easy way to secure a smartphone to a bike, car or even your arm.', u'The ', u' includes a mount that can be fastened to a bike\u2019s handlebars with a few simple O-rings (optional zip ties are also included for a more secure attachment). The phone is sealed in a slim but durable case, which locks onto the mount with a click. The case protects the phone from dust, dirt and water while still allowing access to the buttons, camera and touch screen, although you may have to press a little harder when texting. With a twist, the case pops off the mount without any fuss.', u'Otterbox smartphone cases are designed to offer durable protection, but they can also be bulky, awkward to install and difficult to slide in and out of your pocket. Fortunately, the company has introduced a slimmer line of colorful cases for spring called ', u'. The cases are constructed with a hard outer shell and a rubber inner lining that are fused together in a single piece to provide protection from bumps, drops and scratches.', u'The Symmetry cases, which are available for Apple and Samsung phones, include a beveled edge as an added buffer for the screen and come in bright, vibrant designs, including one from the fashion journalist Nina Garcia. Cases from fashion designers like Alon Livne and Wes Gordon will be available in May. You\u2019ve shed your bulky winter coat; now do the same for your smartphone.']), ([u'Intuit Statement on Tax Policy'], [u'In this week\u2019s ', u', Farhad Manjoo writes about the software company Intuit\u2019s opposition to \u201creturn-free filing,\u201d a plan that would allow the government to pre-calculate people\u2019s tax returns with financial information that is already collected from employers, banks and other financial institutions.', u'In response to a series of questions about its position on the program, David Williams, Intuit\u2019s chief tax officer, sent the following statement outlining the company\u2019s positions on various debates in tax policy.']), ([u'Video Feature: Navigating London From Your Smartphone'], [u'LONDON\u2019S history, theaters, pubs and shops are great reasons to visit. And now, navigating the streets and attractions is much easier because of the bevy of apps devoted to the city.', u'Getting around in ', u' usually means diving into the murk of the London Underground train system. The Underground is usually faster than walking or the bus, but is also vast and confusing. MxData\u2019s ', u', which is free on ', u' and ', u', can help tourists make the most of this transport option.', u'Tube Map is the neatest guide to the Underground that I have found. It shows a map of the Underground\u2019s network, and you can search for a particular station and route your trip. You can also view an overlay of nearby railway stations if you plan on traveling outside London, and Tube Map will show which stations you can easily walk between. When it\u2019s connected to a data network, the app alert you to delays and can even show planned service shutdowns. Tube Map is slick and easy to use.', u'For seeing some of London\u2019s sights, a good place to turn is ', u', also free for ', u', ', u' and ', u'. It is a digital magazine, with sections about the week\u2019s events and great places to eat, and promotions on special offers for shows, events, workshops and more. You can search Time Out\u2019s database to find events, pubs, museums and galleries. Each attraction\u2019s entry contains a brief text description, comments from other users and useful data like a map, phone number and event times.', u'Time Out is easy to use, with clear navigation and straightforward menus, and it has some nice extras like the option to call an Uber car from inside the app. Perhaps its only downside is that it\u2019s so full of information you may fear missing out on something. Also, sometimes the flood of data makes it hard to remember which events or places you liked best.', u'A great alternative to Time Out is ', u', which is free on ', u'. It has a more playful design than Time Out, and focuses on fresh things to see and do, rather than on London\u2019s traditional tourist locations. It has entries in sections corresponding to regions of London, from Central to the North or South. Each section contains a long curated list of events like art shows, and of newer bars and restaurants. Tapping on an entry shows its location, when it\u2019s open, and extras like contact information or pricing.', u'Hype works smoothly and its image-centric design and easy navigation make it fun to use. The only tiny complaint I have is that I keep pressing the prominent \u201c?\u201d button thinking it will take me to a search page instead of a feedback form for improving the app. Still, if you\u2019re interested in exploring London off the beaten track and perhaps trying new things that Londoners would, then Hype is definitely for you.', u'London\u2019s a walkable city, and the ', u' guide does a great job of directing you through the streets while pointing out landmarks and explaining history as you walk. It\u2019s like a personal audio guidebook, and it is GPS-enabled so its words and on-screen map help you get from Point A to Point B in real time. You can choose to hear about specific locations, like Westminster Abbey, or take one of the app\u2019s walks through London. Tapping on a pin on a map tells you more about that place both on-screen and in audio. The app has clear menus and helpful hints. I love the way you can customize the tours to fit your schedule and avoid places you don\u2019t want to see. Though the app is free on ', u' and ', u', the complete version including all the audio guides costs $5.', u'History is everywhere in London, and one of the more interesting ways to experience it is to use ', u'. This app places lots of well-known or historical photos, drawings and paintings in context on a map \u2014 a tap on each will reveal a little about what you\u2019re looking at. The best trick is its 3-D view; you hold your phone\u2019s camera up to a street scene, and the app displays a historic image to match the view of 21st-century London you\u2019re actually seeing. Very neat, and the app\u2019s free for ', u' and ', u'.', u'Just remember to check the weather app on your smartphone before you head out to explore \u2014 London\u2019s fickle-weather reputation is well earned.', u' is an interesting new Android app that promises to speed access to websites from inside other apps. When you tap a web link inside any app, instead of opening a browser, Flynx auto-loads the web content in the background where you can quickly get to it by tapping on an icon. Flynx is ', u'.']), ([u'Case Against Google May Be Undercut by Rapid Changes in Technology'], [u'The antitrust case against ', u' filed by ', u' regulators on Wednesday will inevitably draw comparisons to the long-running prosecution of ', u', in which regulators on both sides of the Atlantic pursued the software giant for anticompetitive behavior.', u'But Margrethe Vestager, the European Union\u2019s competition commissioner, may not find the comparison entirely flattering. With more than a decade of hindsight, the theories supporting the case against ', u' have all but fallen apart, and the pursuit of the company that makes Windows may suggest a reason for skepticism about this fight against ', u': The tech marketplace is fluid and unpredictable. The giants that look most unbeatable today could falter in ways that may once have seemed unthinkable \u2014 and without a lot of help from the government.', u'\u201cIn the Microsoft case, if they\u2019d just waited a while, the problems they thought they saw would have disappeared because technology, consumer behavior and the market demand changed enough to correct those problems,\u201d said ', u', executive director of the International Center for Law and Economics, a policy research organization that has received funding from technology companies including, in the past, Google. In a ', u' comparing the antitrust pursuit against Google to the Microsoft case, Mr. Manne was more succinct: \u201cMicrosoft\u2019s market position was unassailable ... until it wasn\u2019t.\u201d', u'The same, he said, could turn out to be true of Google. The rise of mobile devices and the prevalence of apps could make the traditional search engine less central. And if the regulators emerge victorious, they could end up constraining Google in a way that makes its services less useful to consumers \u2014 which would be a hollow victory indeed.', u'The similarities in the cases against Microsoft and Google are striking. Microsoft once had a dominant position in the worldwide market for computer operating systems: Windows was installed on nearly 90 percent of desktop computers. Google\u2019s current position in the market for web search engines looks similarly unbeatable: The company claims ', u'.', u'In 1999, a ', u' that Microsoft had abused its operating system monopoly by pushing users into some of its other products, especially its web browser, Internet Explorer. The court found many instances of unfair competition against Intel, Apple, IBM and Netscape. Among other bits of mischief, Microsoft blocked Netscape Navigator, then the dominant browser, from getting crucial technical hooks into Windows.', u'Now Google is said to have behaved in a similarly abusive way. In a 2012 report by Federal Trade Commission staff members that was recently ', u', regulators found that Google increased the prominence of its services above competing \u201cvertical search engines,\u201d like those for shopping, travel and local services.', u'The investigation also found that Google brazenly copied content from competitors to improve its services. For instance, the company used Amazon\u2019s product rankings to determine how to rank products in its own shopping search engine. The F.T.C. and Google later settled. Still, the ', u' echo the F.T.C.\u2019s claims.', u'These actions are not necessarily as terrible as they seem. In 1999, Microsoft argued that bundling its web browser with its operating system was good for consumers who needed a way to easily get on the Internet. In retrospect, that looks defensible \u2014 today, every computer, tablet and smartphone ship with built-in browsers, because everyone believes they are an important aspect of the user experience of computers.', u'Google argues, similarly, that giving people answers to shopping and travel queries on its main search results page is much more helpful than giving them a bunch of links to competing search services.', u'Some observers agree. \u201cThe analogy I like to use is, complaining that Google is lifting its own vertical search engine over other vertical search engines would be like complaining that The New York Times is not carrying The Los Angeles Times\u2019s sports section,\u201d said Danny Sullivan, founder of Search Engine Land, an online publication that tracks the search industry. \u201cYou don\u2019t expect The New York Times to carry a rival sports section. But you do expect it to have a sports section. When people go to a search engine, they\u2019re looking to search across everything.\u201d', u' in its response to the European filing, linking to its own services has not destroyed its rivals. Google Travel, for instance, is still far less popular than competitors.', u'As powerful as Microsoft looked at the time, officials missed ways in which it was vulnerable. For starters, they didn\u2019t anticipate the rise of mobile devices. The 1999 ruling against Microsoft found there were \u201cno products, nor are there likely to be any in the near future\u201d that people around the world could use as \u201csubstitutes\u201d for Windows computers. In fact, within a few years, unexpected rivals began making such substitutes. In 2007, Apple released the iPhone, and soon after, Google released the Android operating system, which Samsung, HTC, Motorola and other manufacturers used to take the smartphone global and mainstream.', u'By 2009, ', u' while personal computer growth had peaked. While it\u2019s true that Microsoft\u2019s Windows is still the dominant desktop operating system \u2014 and, for many uses, smartphones can\u2019t substitute for desktops \u2014 Google\u2019s Android has become the most popular operating system over all, while ', u' and ', u' garner the overwhelming share of the profits.', u'As ', u', a tech analyst, has noted, Apple, once the minority player in desktops, now makes as much in revenue as the entire PC industry \u2014 and far more than Microsoft at its supposedly unbeatable peak. Windows has also been eclipsed as the center of gravity in the tech industry. Today, the most successful start-ups aren\u2019t clamoring for Microsoft\u2019s blessing to get technical hooks into Windows; instead they are making apps for iOS first, for Android second and then, if they eventually get around to it, for ', u'.', u'Google\u2019s position could similarly be upended by developments that right now look unlikely. As the analyst ', u', Google makes most of its money from search ads, but the market for such direct advertising may be tapped out. The next great wave of digital advertising \u2014 a market far bigger than search spots \u2014 will come from ad budgets now reserved for TV commercials, and many observers bet that Facebook, ', u', is in the best position to get that business.', u'The bigger threat for Google is that the web, the search company\u2019s favored domain, has been increasingly overrun by the world of apps. People now spend ', u' than in web browsers on their computers and their phones. The rise of apps diminishes Google\u2019s power to determine the fate of competing services. People are starting their shopping searches in the Amazon app, for instance, rather than on Google, so Google\u2019s monkeying with shopping search prominence in its results may not matter very much.', u'It is true that, through Android, Google has a prominent toehold in the mobile business, but that is far from secure. Goldman Sachs recently determined that Google makes ', u' through advertising on Apple\u2019s devices, and only a small share from Android devices. This gives Apple a huge competitive weapon over Google; if Google were removed as the default search for the iPhone, Google\u2019s mobile revenue could tumble.', u'Some scholars of the antitrust prosecution against Microsoft argue that even if regulators did not anticipate Microsoft\u2019s weaknesses, their oversight did constrain the anything-goes culture at the company, and that shift had a salutary effect on the market, eventually allowing for the rise of Apple, Google and the mobile economy. That claim is debatable; it seems just as likely, as others have argued, that it was ', u' that prevented it from developing a truly novel experience on mobile computers.', u'But even if one believes that regulatory oversight weakened Microsoft, Mr. Manne, of the International Center for Law and Economics, points out that the prosecution could be the reason we\u2019re here today \u2014 with Google as the monopoly power in search. \u201cIt\u2019s the paradigmatic cautionary tale,\u201d he said. \u201cYou had the rise of Google coming on the heels of the antitrust enforcement against Microsoft, and because of all this scrutiny, Microsoft was not as effective a competitor against Google as it could have been.\u201d', u'Noting the potential for another giant, possibly Amazon, to gain a monopoly as a result of the charges against Google, Mr. Manne adds: \u201cI think we would see that potential again here, and that\u2019s exactly what we don\u2019t want.\u201d']), ([u'Would You Let the I.R.S. Prepare Your Taxes?'], [u'Around this time every year,', u', a professor of tax law at Stanford Law School and a longtime advocate of using technology to simplify tax filing, gets on the phone with reporters to explain what is wrong with how we do our taxes in the United States. Every year he says pretty much the same thing: No other industrialized country asks its citizens to jump through as many hoops to calculate their taxes as ours.', u'It isn\u2019t just lawmakers or the hapless-seeming Internal Revenue Service that is perpetuating the annoyance of tax time, he adds. Instead it is the private sector \u2014 specifically, the software company Intuit, which makes TurboTax, the most popular tax program in the country.', u'For more than a decade, Mr. Bankman and a small group of tax experts have called on the government to create a tax preparation method that they say would vastly reduce the time and cost of tax-filing for most people. Intuit has been a primary obstacle to the effort.', u'The reform plan would work like this: Today, employers, banks, brokerage firms and pretty much every other financial organization in the country send the federal government detailed records about our economic activity every year. These organizations also send you, the taxpayer, a similar set of documents, which are forms with names like W-2 and 1098. After you file your taxes, the government matches its two sets of documents to make sure you have filed correctly.', u'To Mr. Bankman, this double documentation doesn\u2019t make much sense. If the government is already collecting financial data from employers and banks, why can\u2019t the I.R.S. use that information to precalculate our tax returns for us? At the very least, why can\u2019t tax software just connect to the government\u2019s database to download all the information that the government has collected, saving us all that record-keeping and data entry?', u'\u201cImagine if your vehicle registration fee was done the same way,\u201d Mr. Bankman asked in a recent interview. \u201cImagine if the state said, \u2018Go to your car, find your VIN number and then look at this table that has different tax rates to find out how much you owe.\u2019 If they did, people would probably need to hire an expert for that too.\u201d', u'The idea of the government filling our tax returns for us, known as \u201creturn-free filing,\u201d has been met with much opposition from several groups, including conservatives suspicious of the I.R.S. And as the investigative news organization ', u' and ', u', some of the most intense opposition has come from Intuit, which has spent millions lobbying to oppose methods for the I.R.S. to create a tax-filing system that might free us from having to use software like TurboTax.', u', David Williams, Intuit\u2019s chief tax officer and a former I.R.S. official, said the company opposed return-free filing because the plan \u201cminimizes the taxpayers\u2019 voice and control over the tax process by reducing their role in filing their taxes and getting their own money back.\u201d Echoing some conservative critics of the plan, he argued that the return-free plan \u201cnecessarily prioritizes revenue generation for government but does not advance taxpayer rights, citizen empowerment or real simplification of the tax code.\u201d', u'He added that some of the aims of return-free filing, including lower prices and simplified filing, could be provided by the private sector. The I.R.S. already works with Intuit and other tax preparation companies on a ', u', which lets people with low incomes use software like TurboTax free. And rather than download people\u2019s financial data from government sources \u2014 which Mr. Williams said might not be very secure \u2014 Intuit prefers to connect its systems to banks, employers and other private companies to obtain taxpayers\u2019 information, he said.', u'Dennis Ventry, a professor at the School of Law at the University of California, Davis, who has studied the issue, said that while Free File and Intuit\u2019s integrations with private companies were beneficial, they won\u2019t be nearly as helpful as a government program to reform tax filing.', u'Mr. Ventry said that if return-free filing were operated nationally, tens of millions of people with simple tax situations might have to do just a few minutes of work at tax time every year. The I.R.S. would send them a tax return that had already been filled in with their financial data, and if everything looked in order, they would file it either through the mail or electronically. The return would be completely voluntary. People who disputed the I.R.S.\u2019s calculation would be able to do their taxes the old-fashioned way. Tens of millions of additional taxpayers with more complex returns would be able to save time by downloading all the financial information that the government has collected about them during the year. You would be able to do your return without hunting for every stray W-2 or 1099 in your household.', u'\u201cIt can help all 145 million taxpayers,\u201d Mr. Ventry said.', u'But Intuit\u2019s opposition to return-free filing has been ferocious. In the last five years, according to disclosure documents, Intuit ', u'. That is about the same amount that companies many times its size have spent on lobbying. Apple, which has an annual income about 40 times that of Intuit, also spent about $13 million on lobbying in the same period. While documents show that Intuit lobbies on several issues, including immigration, cybersecurity and intellectual property law, ', u' largest ', u' contracts all ', u' the ', u' of ', u'.', u'More than a decade ago, Mr. Bankman helped create a California program known as ', u' that precalculates some residents\u2019 state tax returns. It received little marketing and fewer than 100,000 people used it at its peak \u2014 yet every year in surveys run by California\u2019s ', u', more than 95 percent of those who had used ReadyReturn said they would use it again. Mr. Bankman said that people who used the system saved about $30 a year in costs and about 30 minutes in time. Seeing the success of the program, tax authorities in other states began contacting Mr. Bankman for help in setting up a similar plan.', u'Then Intuit mobilized against ReadyReturn, ', u' in the capital and financing candidates who pledged to overturn it. In 2006, using an independent expenditure group known as the Alliance for California\u2019s Tomorrow, Intuit ', u' in support of Tony Strickland, a Republican who opposed ReadyReturn. Mr. Strickland lost to John Chiang, a Democrat, but Intuit\u2019s money was nevertheless effective.', u'\u201cIt was a huge signal to politicians everywhere how much Intuit cares about this,\u201d Mr. Bankman said. \u201cPeople in other states who had been interested in it started saying, \u2018We just don\u2019t want to pick a fight with Intuit.\u2019\xa0\u201d', u'Intuit is far from the only opponent of return-free filing. Groups that call for lower taxes, like Grover Norquist\u2019s ', u', say it is a \u201cconflict of interest\u201d for the government to both collect taxes and calculate how much people owe.', u'Although all advocates for return-free filing stress that the program would be voluntary, Ryan Ellis, tax policy director for Americans for Tax Reform, said that mail from the I.R.S. did not strike people as optional.', u'\u201cIf you\u2019re a typical American and you get this packet from the I.R.S. that says, \u2018Here\u2019s what we\u2019ve determined your liability is,\u2019 no one is going to challenge it,\u201d Mr. Ellis said. \u201cPeople are scared, intimidated or otherwise occupied in their lives, and they\u2019re going to just accept what the I.R.S. sends them.\u201d', u'Some scholars say that government tax collectors may not have adequate resources to set up the program, and that it may not ultimately save many much time and money. \u201cSome people wouldn\u2019t have to buy software, but if you consider the cost to the I.R.S., my sense is the net social costs might go up,\u201d said Eric Toder, co-director of the ', u'Mr. Bankman agrees that people may not always challenge the I.R.S.\u2019s calculation, but argues the I.R.S. might include tax breaks that taxpayers wouldn\u2019t have otherwise found. (Critics of the I.R.S., which revealed in 2013 that it had targeted conservative groups for special scrutiny when determining tax status, scoff at this idea.) Mr. Bankman also conceded that while he has no hard data to suggest that the program would save money nationally, in California, the program was found to be cost-effective.', u'\u201cOne of the biggest costs that people have is the anxiety \u2014 and this would definitely cut down on that,\u201d he said.']), ([u'Google Joins Its U.S. Peers Under Europe\u2019s Scrutiny'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Over the last few decades, Europe\u2019s regulators have challenged the practices of some of the titans of American technology, including ', u', ', u' and now ', u'.', u'And despite years of legal wrangling and in some cases, multibillion-dollar fines, the companies have conducted their businesses virtually unchanged.', u' ', u' in fines to European regulators over a decade, but its Windows software did not lose its dominant position in personal computers. ', u' is still appealing its antitrust case, which began 15 years ago, even as it has become more powerful than ever in PC chips.', u'And despite five years of scrutiny by European regulators, ', u' showcases its own services prominently, such as maps and reviews, in its search results.', u'In the ', u' filed on Wednesday, the ', u' complained only about the results of Google\u2019s shopping searches, noting that investigators were examining other types of search. The agency also began ', u' into how Google bundles its apps with its Android smartphone software, an inquiry that also isn\u2019t likely to reach a quick resolution.', u'\u201cThe remedy issues are great challenges for antitrust,\u201d said Harry First, a law professor at New York University who has written a book about Microsoft\u2019s antitrust troubles. \u201cThese companies are big and smart and they know their businesses better than the regulators do.\u201d', u'The slow process of regulatory enforcement is often at odds with the speed at which tech companies must move, which means that even the $1.4 billion fine faced by Intel can seem like a tolerable cost of business to a company that has $14 billion in cash and liquid assets.', u'Antitrust issues are not the only legal challenges facing American tech companies in Europe. Regulators and lawmakers are reviewing low-tax arrangements granted to ', u' in Ireland and Amazon in Luxembourg, and privacy watchdogs are looking into how Facebook protects people\u2019s online data. Policy makers are also investigating whether American Internet platforms like Amazon have too much control over how Europeans gain access to online services.', u'Even if regulators do not require substantial changes in how these companies do business, all of these fights impose a cost. In addition to negative publicity, legal costs and possible penalties, the cases are a distraction, forcing companies to defend an existing business model to regulators when perhaps they should be abandoning it because of a changing market.', u'Rapidly changing technology \u2014 rather than regulatory pressure \u2014 has been far more important historically in weakening the dominance of big tech companies.', u'\u201cAll the successful firms in the PC and early Web businesses missed mobile or were late to it,\u201d said Timothy Bresnahan, a professor of economics at Stanford who worked for the Justice Department on antitrust matters and has also consulted for Microsoft, Intel and Google over the years.', u'Microsoft and Intel, focused on PCs, both missed the rise of tablet computers and smartphones, allowing companies like ', u', Google and Qualcomm to become dominant players in mobile devices.', u'For Google, mobile apps are now nipping at the primacy of its lucrative web searches as cellphone users pull up Amazon or Yelp to search directly for products or restaurant reviews.', u'In a ', u' responding to Europe\u2019s charges, Google noted, \u201cToday seven out of every eight minutes on mobile devices is spent within apps \u2014 in other words, consumers are going to whichever websites or apps serve them best. And they face no friction or costs in switching between them.\u201d', u'Still, the watchful eyes of regulators play an important role in keeping companies\u2019 power in check, and Google\u2019s competitors cheered the ', u'\u2019s actions, which have been much tougher than those of American regulators.', u'\u201cGoogle engages in preferencing and manipulates search results so that consumers see content that benefits Google, not the best content for consumers,\u201d Stephen Kaufer, chief executive of TripAdvisor, a travel review site, said in a statement. \u201cToday\u2019s announcement by the commissioner is the first step to making search on Google better for consumers.\u201d', u'Microsoft, which has played a leading role in organizing industry opposition to Google in Europe, was similarly pleased.', u'\u201cClearly every company needs to obey the same legal rules of the road,\u201d the software company said in a statement. \u201cToday\u2019s decision provides to Google a full opportunity to explain its views at a hearing, and the commission will then have the opportunity to decide whether European legal rules have been respected.\u201d', u'Of course, as Microsoft well knows, that is just the beginning of a long process. Microsoft tangled with European regulators off and on for 20 years, starting in 1993, before finally paying its last fine and ending its appeals.', u'Some American tech companies have chosen an alternative approach.', u'Facebook put itself under European regulatory scrutiny in 2010 by establishing a regional headquarters in Dublin. That means the privacy practices of the social network are generally overseen by Irish regulators, who have traditionally been less confrontational than those in other countries.', u'\u201cWe have an ongoing dialogue with our regulator, the Irish data protection commissioner, who oversees our compliance with the E.U. data protection directive as implemented under Irish law,\u201d said Sally Aldous, a Facebook spokeswoman in London. \u201cWe routinely review product and policy updates with them.\u201d', u'Europe has stricter privacy laws than the United States, and Facebook says that its conversations with Irish regulators have led to improvements for all of its 1.3 billion global users, including better tools to review and delete individual posts and clearer explanations of the company\u2019s privacy practices.', u'Facebook argues that under European law, it is insulated from separate oversight by other European countries. Despite that, government watchdogs in at least six nations \u2014 France, Germany, Italy, Spain, Belgium and the Netherlands \u2014 have opened investigations into whether the company\u2019s new privacy policies comply with local rules.', u'\u201cWe have investigated Google. Now, it\u2019s time to focus on Facebook,\u201d said Mathias Moulin, deputy director of enforcement at the French data protection regulator. \u201cThey are the leader in social networks.\u201d', u'Europe\u2019s highest court is also hearing a case that focuses on how Facebook moved European data outside the region. And a class-action lawsuit in Austria, which could lead to a fine of around $12 million, contends that Facebook has not respected the online privacy rights of its users.', u'Amazon, bowing to concerns raised by Edward J. Snowden\u2019s revelations of United States government surveillance of American tech companies, decided last fall ', u' in Germany for its web services division. The company already had a data center in Ireland, but both German and ', u' regulations have restrictions on storing some of their citizens\u2019 personal data across a national or regional boundary.', u'\u201cGerman customers wanted a location on German soil, either for perception or legal reasons,\u201d Adam Selipsky, a vice president at Amazon Web Services, said at the time. So Amazon complied.']), ([u"China's Huawei Shows Smartphone Credentials With P8 Launch"], [u"LONDON \u2014  China's Huawei unveiled its flagship P8 and P8 Max smartphones on Wednesday, devices that stack up against the latest models from Samsung and Apple in technical specifications if not marketing budget.", u"The P8, which runs Google's Android operating system, has a 5.2 inch display screen -- slightly larger than the Samsung Galaxy S6, unveiled last month, and the iPhone 6 -- and an eight-core 64-bit processor.", u'Made from a single piece of metal, the phone is thinner than its rivals, with a width of 6.4 millimeters, Huawei said at a packed global launch event in London.', u'Like Apple, the Chinese company also launched a super-size version, the P8 Max, which comes with a 6.8 inch screen.', u'Huawei, a major player in the telecoms network equipment market, ranked fourth in global smartphone sales last year, shipping 68 million units, giving it a 5.5 percent share, according to research group Gartner.', u'The market is dominated by Samsung and Apple, which Gartner said had combined sales of nearly 500 million units.', u'Industry analyst Ben Wood said the P8 ticked all the boxes on design and performance, but it had a mountain to climb to position Huawei as a premium brand.', u'Seeking to differentiate itself from rivals, Huawei showed it could innovate, with features such as "knuckle sense", which can differentiate between a knuckle and a finger to select and share content.', u'It also optimized the devices\' cameras to take "selfies", including an ability to adjust skin tones, a move consumer device marketing president Shao Yang said would particularly increase its appeal to fashion-conscious young women.', u'"Huawei didn\'t do very well in the past in the female market; this is the big potential market for the P-Series," he said in an interview after the launch.', u'Huawei, and fellow Chinese companies Lenovo and Xiaomi, are leading the challenge to the two big players, particularly in their home market.', u'"In the China market, at the over-400 euro price, there are only three brands: Huawei is maybe 10 percent, Samsung is 20 percent and Apple is the biggest," Yang said. "Only three brands play in the premium space, and we are growing quite fast."', u'The standard version of the P8 will go on sale within weeks in 30 markets, including China, the UK, France and Germany, priced at 499 euros, Huawei said.', u'(Editing by Mark Potter and William Hardy)']), ([u'Tech Mahindra Teams Up With Comverse, to Take on Israeli Engineers'], [u'TEL AVIV \u2014  Information technology group Tech Mahindra is partnering with U.S.-Israeli Comverse Inc to set up a research and development center in Israel.', u'The two companies did not disclose financial details.', u"Manish Vyas, president of Tech Mahindra's communications group, told Reuters the deal -- which would bring the Indian company hundreds of engineers -- will help the firm more than double its engineering business revenue within a few years. The company does about $400 million annually in engineering, about half of that is in telecoms.", u'"Engineering is a very large part of our business but we want to make it even bigger. We believe it can be a billion dollars annually in the next few years," he said. "Given the culture of entrepreneurship in Israel we need to be here."', u'Under the "strategic relationship", Tech Mahindra will be  responsible for R&D and customer services while Comverse will be in charge of product management and sales.', u'The venture into Israel by Tech Mahindra, which is part of the $16.5 billion Mahindra conglomerate, is the latest sign of booming ties between the countries since Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power last year.', u"Tech Mahindra Executive Vice Chairman Vineet Nayyar said the company's global activities will be concentrated in three countries - India, the United States and Israel.", u'Tech Mahindra, which employees over 98,000 people in 51 countries, will take on about 400 Comverse workers, up to 300 from Israel and the rest mainly from the United States, France, Japan, Bulgaria and India.', u'Comverse last year began a restructuring that included reducing its workforce by 14 percent.', u'"We hope to gain access to world class talent," Vyas said. "We have a big presence in Europe, India and the U.S. (But) Israel was missing from the global footprint in terms of talent."', u"About half of Tech Mahindra's business is in telecoms with the rest from banking, healthcare and manufacturing.", u"Tech Mahindra owns Israel's Leadcom, a provider of network services for telecom companies, after it bought Leadcom's parent Lightbridge Communications in February.", u'Leadcom has about 25 workers in Israel and Vyas said the company is still working out what the relationship will be between Leadcom and the Comverse staff.', u"He said Israel fits in nicely with the company's long-term strategy, which includes a program that enable employees to start up their own businesses with equity from Tech Mahindra.", u'"Given the culture of entrepreneurship in Israel we need to be here," Vyas said.', u'(Editing by Jeremy Gaunt)']), ([u'Google Shaking Up Search Recommendations on Smartphones'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Google is about to change the way its influential search engine recommends websites on smartphones in a shift that's expected to sway where millions of people shop, eat and find information.", u'The revised formula, scheduled to be released Tuesday, will favor websites that Google defines as "mobile-friendly." Websites that don\'t fit the description will be demoted in Google\'s search results on smartphones while those meeting the criteria will be more likely to appear at the top of the rankings \u2014 a prized position that can translate into more visitors and money.', u'Although Google\'s new formula won\'t affect searches on desktop and laptop computers, it will have a huge influence on how and where people spend their money, given that more people are relying on their smartphones to compare products in stores and look for restaurants. That\'s why Google\'s new rating system is being billed by some search experts as "Mobile-geddon."', u'"Some sites are going to be in for a big surprise when they find a drastic change in the amount of people visiting them from mobile devices," said Itai Sadan, CEO of website-building service Duda.', u"It's probably the most significant change that Google Inc. has ever made to its mobile search rankings, according to Matt McGee, editor-in-chief for Search Engine Land, a trade publication that follows every tweak that the company makes to its closely guarded algorithms.", u"Here are a few things to know about what's happening and why Google is doing it.", u'___', u'MAKING MOBILE FRIENDS', u"To stay in Google's good graces, websites must be designed so they load quickly on mobile devices. Content must also be easily accessible by scrolling up and down \u2014 without having to also swipe to the left or right. It also helps if all buttons for making purchases or taking other actions on the website can be easily seen and touched on smaller screens.", u"If a website has been designed only with PC users in mind, the graphics take longer to load on smartphones and the columns of text don't all fit on the smaller screens, to the aggravation of someone trying to read it.", u'Google has been urging websites to cater to mobile device for years, mainly because that is where people are increasingly searching for information.', u'The number of mobile searches in the U.S. is rising by about 5 percent while inquiries on PCs are dipping slightly, according to research firm comScore Inc. In the final three months of last year, 29 percent of all U.S. search requests \u2014 about 18.5 billion \u2014 were made on mobile devices, comScore estimated. Google processes the bulk of searches \u2014 two-thirds in the U.S. and even more in many other countries.', u'___', u'BRACING FOR CHANGE', u'To minimize complaints, the company disclosed its plans nearly two months ago. It also created a step-by-step guide (', u' ) and a tool to test compliance with the new standards (', u' ).', u"Google has faced uproar over past changes to its search formula. Two of the bigger revisions, done in 2011 and 2012, focused on an attempt to weed out misleading websites and other digital rubbish. Although that goal sounds reasonable, many websites still complained that Google's changes unfairly demoted them in the rankings, making their content more difficult to find.", u'___', u'STILL CAUGHT OFF GUARD', u"While most major merchants and big companies already have websites likely to meet Google's mobile standard, the new formula threatens to hurt millions of small businesses that haven't had the money or incentive to adapt their sites for smartphones.", u'"A lot of small sites haven\'t really had a reason to be mobile friendly until now, and it\'s not going to be easy for them to make the changes," McGee said.', u'___', u'BURYING HELPFUL CONTENT', u"Google's search formula weighs a variety of factors to determine the rankings of its results. One of the most important considerations has always been whether a site contains the most pertinent information sought by a search request.", u"But new pecking order in Google's mobile search may relegate some sites to the back pages of the search results, even if their content is more relevant to a search request than other sites that happen to be easier to access on smartphones.", u'That will be an unfortunate consequence, but also justifiable because a person might not even bother to look at sites that take a long time to open or difficult to read on mobile devices, Gartner analyst Whit Andrews said.', u'"Availability is part of relevancy," Andrews said. "A lot of people aren\'t going to think something is relevant if they can\'t get it to appear on their iPhone."']), ([u'Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand'], [u'HAMBURG \u2014  Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds.', u'Airlines are rushing to install Wi-Fi on board, seeing not only an opportunity to meet demands from customers to be always connected, but also to make the most of advertising contracts from companies keen on access to this captive audience.', u"Panasonic Avionics, part of Panasonic Corp, says it has a 46 percent share of Wi-Fi systems installed since 2009, taking the lead over rivals such as OnAir, Gogo and Global Eagle's Row44.", u'"We installed 488 systems on aircraft last year, but the rate needs to double to 1,000 a year to catch up with demand," Neil James, executive director sales and marketing, told Reuters at the Aircraft Interiors Expo in Hamburg this week.', u'While Wi-Fi onboard has so far mainly been fitted to long-haul fleets, airlines are now looking at it for shorter flights, especially as people bring their own tablets on board.', u'James predicted 12,000 narrow body planes would be equipped with the technology in the next 10 years.', u'He also said Panasonic would continue to look at acquisitions to expand its avionics business. It on Tuesday announced the purchase of software consultancy Tactel, which designs apps and portals.', u'SEEKING SATELLITES', u'Suppliers used the Hamburg show to tout hardware to capture the satellite signals that make Wi-Fi on board possible.', u'Global Eagle unveiled a prototype for a new antenna which does not only spin and lift as it seeks the best satellite reception but also tilts from side to side.', u'The antenna is aimed specifically at airlines flying close to the equator, such as those in South America and the Middle East, where other antennas can find it hard to pick up signals, chief engineer Simon McLellan said.', u"Honeywell and Inmarsat meanwhile said they were teaming up with Kymeta to test a new flat-panel design. Kymeta's electromagnetic metamaterial technology means a beam can be steered and locked to any satellite without having any moving parts in the antenna.", u'Honeywell says having Wi-Fi-connected planes is not only good for passengers but can help airlines save money by making it easier to share weather and maintenance data to ensure planes are taking the best routes and spending as little time on the ground as possible.', u'(Editing by David Evans)']), ([u'Yahoo and Facebook Shares Outperform Google in Frankfurt'], [u'LONDON \u2014  The Frankfurt-listed shares of Internet companies Yahoo and Facebook outperformed those of rival Google, after media reports that Google would face anti-trust action from the European Union.', u"Yahoo's Frankfurt-listed shares were up 1.1 percent, while Facebook's Frankfurt-listed stock rose 1.3 percent. By contrast, Google's shares in the German market edged 0.1 percent lower.", u'The European Union will accuse Google Inc on Wednesday of abusing its dominant position in Internet searches, opening the U.S. tech company up to a risk of massive fines and enforced changes in its business model, reported the Financial Times and Wall Street Journal.', u"However, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that a formal antitrust charge sheet will not be ready for Wednesday and could take several more months to draw up. The EU can impose fines of up to 10 percent of global turnover, or more than $6 billion in penalties in Google's case.", u'(Reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Blaise Robinson)']), ([u'EU Accuses Google of Hurting Consumers, Competitors in Web Search Case'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  The European Union accused Google Inc on Wednesday of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting Web search results to favor its own shopping service, after a five-year investigation that could change the rules for business online.', u"It also started another antitrust investigation into the Android mobile operating system, a key element in Google's strategy to maintain revenues from online advertising as people switch from Web browser searches to smartphone apps.", u'EU Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager said the U.S. company, which dominates Internet search engine markets worldwide, had been sent a Statement of Objections - effectively a charge sheet - to which it has 10 weeks to respond.', u"Investigations into Google's business practices in other areas would continue. The shopping case, on which the EU has had the most complaints dating back the longest time, could potentially set a precedent for concerns over Google's search products for hotels, flights and other services.", u'Vestager, a Dane who took over the politically charged case in November, announced the moves on the eve of a high-profile visit to the United States. Her findings follow nearly five years of investigation and abortive efforts by her Spanish predecessor, Joaquin Almunia, to strike deals with Google.', u'"I am concerned that the company has given an unfair advantage to its own comparison shopping service, in breach of EU antitrust rules," she said. Google could face fines, she warned, if the Commission proves its case that it has used its "near monopoly" in Europe to push Google Shopping ahead of rivals for the past seven years.', u'Google rejected the charges. Its shares closed up 0.40 percent on Wednesday after earlier losing 1 percent.', u"Meanwhile, Google's rivals are pushing U.S. antitrust enforcers to investigate the use of Android, two people with knowledge of the matter said.", u"Analysts said the EU charges were unlikely to hurt Google's evaluation because it reflected the regulatory risk. If recent history of EU probes into tech companies is an indicator, however, Google shares may have trouble moving forward until the issue is resolved.", u"In its first reaction, the Mountain View, California-based company said in a blog post that it strongly disagreed with the EU's statement of objections and would make the case that its products have fostered competition and benefited consumers.", u'"Android has been a key player in spurring this competition and choice, lowering prices and increasing choice for everyone (there are over 18,000 different devices available today)," it said of its free operating system for mobile devices.', u"The Commission, whose control of antitrust matters across the wealthy 28-nation bloc gives it a major say in the fate of global corporations, can fine firms up to 10 percent of their annual sales, in Google's case up to 6.2 billion euros.", u'If it finds that companies are abusing a dominant market position, the EU regulator can also demand sweeping changes to their business practices, as it did with U.S. software giant Microsoft in 2004 and chip-maker Intel in 2009. Its record antitrust fine was 1.09 billion euros on Intel.', u'Competition lawyer Bertold Baer-Bouyssiere at DLA Piper in Brussels said: "Even more than Microsoft, this case will shape the landscape for the digital sectors in the years to come."', u'"NOT ANTI-AMERICAN"', u'Rejecting suggestions - recently from President Barack Obama himself - that the EU was pursuing an anti-American, protectionist policy, Vestager, a liberal former economy minister, said about a quarter of the firms which had complained to the EU authorities about Google were themselves U.S.-owned.', u'She insisted that political pressure had played no part in her decision to accuse Google. Nationality or successful market domination were not issues for her, only the abuse of market power.', u'In a mark of the emotion U.S. tech hegemony evokes among Europeans who fear economic eclipse, the EU parliament last year voted a non-binding resolution urging the Commission to consider breaking up Google. The EU action so far is unlikely to have such a dramatic effect, though it could crimp future business.', u'Google now had a chance to explain itself, Vestager said, and the case might be settled by it making further commitments to change its products. She wanted a change in the "principle" underlying searches rather than a redesign of current Web pages or tweaks to algorithms by which Google ranks results. That way, any remedy would be "future-proof" against technological change.', u'Of the investigation into Android, which analysts said could prove a bigger threat to Google\'s future profitability, Vestager said: "I want to make sure the markets in this area can flourish without anticompetitive constraints imposed by any company."', u'The focus on the ranking of searches for shopping sites did not address all complaints lodged with the Commission. Vestager stressed her antitrust staff would continue to investigate other areas of concern, including alleged "web scraping" to copy rivals\' content, and restrictive practices on advertising.', u'A final resolution - quite possibly involving court action if Google does not choose to settle - is likely to take many months and probably years, legal experts said.', u'CRITICS WELCOME', u"Google's critics welcomed the decision to pursue the U.S. giant, though many industry experts believe the action is unlikely to markedly shift existing business their way. Rather, by firing a shot across Google's bows, it may favor competitors in new areas as technology develops, a priority for the new European Commission led by Jean-Claude Juncker, which wants to foster home-grown enterprise.", u'Michael Weber of German online mapping service ', u' told Reuters: "After so many years with everyone thinking that we were crazy, it\'s good to see something happening. The sun is shining today."', u'Vestager\'s action won cross-party endorsement in the European Parliament. In a statement headlined "Even Uncle Google must play fair", German lawmaker Manfred Weber, floor leader of the largest conservative group, said: "Internet is not the Wild West - there are rules on the web that must also be respected."', u'French Socialists Pervenche Beres and Virginie Roziere applauded the Commission for "at long last" taking action against "the threat posed to the European economy" and renewed their call for the breakup of Google.', u'American domination of the Internet and other new technology sectors has prompted a mixture of admiration and anxiety in Europe.', u'U.S. authorities that looked at Google\'s business have taken no action. Vestager said she was not concerned that that difference in approach weakened her case: "It\'s a different market," she told Reuters. While Google has over 90 percent of the EU search market, it has only two thirds of its home market.', u'The Initiative for a Competitive Online Marketplace, an alliance of businesses, applauded the Commission for taking what it called "decisive action to end Google\u2019s years of abusive behavior in its long-running antitrust case".', u"German Economy Minister Sigmar Gabriel welcomed Vestager's action. Germany, backed by major companies in the EU's biggest economy, has been particularly vocal in pressing the Commission to act against Google.", u'Axel Springer chief Mathias Doepfner told the German media group\'s shareholders in Berlin on Tuesday that Vestager\'s predecessor Almunia\'s efforts to negotiate a deal with Google would have been a "shoddy compromise" and praised Vestager for being "more determined, quicker and more true to the facts".', u'(Additional reporting by Francesco Guarascio, Tom Koerkemeier, Robert-Jan Bartunek, Robin Emmott and Paul Taylor in Brussels, Klaus Lauer and Caroline Copley in Berlin, Eric Auchard in Frankfurt and Foo Yun Chee; Writing by Paul Taylor and Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Peter Graff and Grant McCool)']), ([u'EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said.', u"Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager is expected to announce on Wednesday that she is preparing a formal charge sheet setting out her concerns with the U.S. company's alleged abuse of its dominant position in Internet search, the Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported on Tuesday.", u'(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee, writing by Julia Fioretti, editing by Adrian Croft)']), ([u"Review: Adobe PDF Tool Is Great, but Casual Users Won't Need"], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  No doubt you've run across your share of PDF documents in your work and personal life. Adobe's Portable Document Format has become a common way to publish newsletters, instruction manuals and even tax forms. Creating your own PDF document is easy, with features built into major Web browsers and Apple's Mac system, or available through an array of free Windows apps.", u"So why pay $156 or a more a year for Adobe's Acrobat DC service? You get those free capabilities in one place, plus features for filling out forms, appending digital signatures and making changes on the go.", u'___', u'THE BASICS', u"Many people already use Adobe's free Acrobat Reader for reading documents. But to create documents, you need to pay for Acrobat, or use a free PDF creator from an outside party. Not all PDF creators are the same, though. Some convert text to graphics, for instance, so you're unable to search documents later. And editing capabilities tend to be limited and cumbersome.", u"I create a lot of PDF files instead of printing out records. Free tools are typically adequate for that, but Acrobat is much easier for rotating and reordering pages and combining multiple PDF documents into a single file. Acrobat also makes it easy to edit text and convert documents back to their original form, whether that's in Word or a Web page.", u"Adobe Systems Inc. also makes an iPad version, though with fewer features. Versions for iPhones, Android and Windows Phone devices have even less. Files you create and edit will sync through Adobe's Document Cloud storage service. All this comes with Acrobat DC.", u'___', u'FORMS AND MORE', u"My favorite tool is the Fill & Sign app for iPads and Android tablets. Take any form, such as a school permission slip for your kid. You simply snap the form with your tablet's camera and enhance the image using technology Adobe borrowed from its Photoshop editing software. You can do more than standard cropping. Let's say you snapped the form on your lap, so the page is curved rather than flat. On the app, you mark where the corners are, and the document magically stretches out so that it looks flat, as though scanned in. Then, you can type text, check boxes and even add your signature.", u'This can be useful for all the forms I hate filling out and mailing. And for forms that come in electronically, I can skip the printer.', u"But going paperless isn't easy. I'm months late in mailing a housing form because I couldn't find a stamp. Fill & Sign would be great, but there's no place I could email that form to, nor would a parent necessarily know where to email a permission slip that's designed to be handed in.", u'Plus, you can get this app for free. All the subscription does is integrate the feature with others in the package.', u'___', u'SIGNS AND TRACKS', u"For small business owners and others who deal with contracts, Adobe offers tools for sending out forms for signing \u2014 even to those who don't have Acrobat. Signers can draw signatures with their mouse or type their names in a signature-like font (It's not your actual signature, but Adobe says it's legally binding). Tools help you track who's already signed which documents. This also leaves a legal audit trail.", u"Speaking of tracking, another feature keeps track of who's read or downloaded your document. Your recipients can no longer pretend they didn't get it. Recipients can't decline the tracking, which feels creepy, though they are notified if you opt for detailed tracking.", u'___', u'PRICING', u"The standard subscription starts at $13 a month, with a one-year commitment. A Pro subscription, at $15 a month, gives you additional features, including the ability to compare two versions of a document. If you just want it for a month, though, the subscriptions cost $23 and $25, respectively. You can also buy the Mac or Windows version the traditional way, for a one-time fee that starts at $299 ($139 for upgrades), but you don't get all of the mobile, storage or tracking features. With the subscription, you can sign in on two PCs at a time, with no limits yet on mobile.", u'Acrobat DC does a lot, but the price tag will limit its appeal to small businesses and households with lots of forms to fill and sign.']), ([u"China's JD.com Sets Up Cross-Border e-Commerce Platform in Challenge to Alibaba"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  JD.com Inc, China's No. 2 e-commerce player, on Wednesday launched its JD Worldwide cross-border online shopping platform, a challenger to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Tmall Global service.", u'JD Worldwide will allow Chinese shoppers to buy imports from U.S. firms such as Nike Inc, Starbucks Corp and Ocean Spray Cranberries Inc, as well as products from countries like Australia, France, Germany, Japan, South Korea, New Zealand and the United Kingdom, JD.com said in a press release.', u'Overseas suppliers will provide more than 1,200 brands, without those merchants requiring a presence in China.', u'The venture adds to a host of online retail rivals for Alibaba and Amazon.com Inc catering to fears about the quality and safety of Chinese goods after a number of scares, and comes on the back of a Chinese government push to promote e-commerce and relax import restrictions.', u"But JD.com still trails far behind Alibaba in Chinese e-commerce. Alibaba's high profile since its record-breaking $25 billion U.S. listing in September is a huge lure for brands looking to enter or raise their presence in China, which some analysts estimate as the world's biggest online shopping market.", u'"Imported goods have always been huge sellers on JD.com, and this massively expands the range of products available to Chinese consumers," said Leo Li, who oversees JD Worldwide, in an e-mail to Reuters.', u'Using China\'s e-commerce free trade zones and the firm\'s own logistics network, JD.com can "offer international brands a direct channel to Chinese consumers with preferential tax rates to make prices highly competitive," he said, adding that JD.com would also do marketing for its overseas partners.', u'"We are currently providing free advertising so that they get good traffic and don\'t become ghost stores. We\'re playing the long game with our partners."', u'JD.com, backed by Alibaba arch-rival Tencent Holdings Ltd, also said it launched with eBay Inc a program to allow Chinese shoppers to buy select goods from U.S. eBay sellers.', u'A spokeswoman for eBay confirmed the partnership.', u"Shares of JD.com, which markets itself as a seller of authentic goods, have risen 44 percent since the beginning of the year. Alibaba's stock price, on the other hand, has fallen 18 percent in the same period.", u"Analysts have expressed concern over counterfeits on the world's largest e-commerce firm's platforms, as well as lackluster earnings and investor excitement wearing off after the initial public offering.", u'(Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Xiaomi-Backed Chinese Firm Acquires Iconic Scooter Maker Segway'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Chinese transportation robotics firm Ninebot said on Wednesday it has acquired U.S. rival Segway Inc, the company behind the self-balancing scooter that became a technological marvel when it was launched in the early 2000s but whose hype then faded.', u'Financial details of the deal were not disclosed, but Ninebot Chief Executive Gao Lufeng said at a press briefing in Beijing that Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc and venture capital firm Sequoia Capital China, among others, had invested $80 million into Ninebot to help finance the acquisition.', u"New backers of Ninebot, which began producing scooters two years ago as a crowdfunded project, also include Xiaomi Chief Executive Lei Jun's personal private equity fund Shunwei, Gao said.", u'The acquisition comes about half a year after Segway named Ninebot in a patent infringement complaint in September 2014.', u'Gao did not address the dispute on Wednesday but told reporters the combined company would hold a significant lead in market share as well as a vast portfolio of over 400 critical patents. The companies would operate as separate brands, he said.', u'Ninebot, which has several self-balancing scooter models including one without handles, known as the "One", will now have "the most comprehensive lineup of products in the industry", Gao said.', u"Ninebot's high-profile backers, Sequoia Capital China partner Neil Shen and Xiaomi CEO Lei, both struck a nationalistic note in remarks toasting the deal.", u'"I have long thought Chinese companies should have more courage," said Shen, one of China\'s most prominent tech investors. "This acquisition is a display of Chinese self-confidence."', u"The acquisition caps a 14-year independent run for Bedford, New Hampshire-based Segway, which never lived up to the initial hype in 2001, when inventor Dean Kamen unveiled to the American public a scooter that could be driven simply by shifting one's weight and turned it into a pop culture icon.", u'Kamen vowed on television the Segway would revolutionize transportation much like the automobile, but it became widely regarded as a mainstream sales failure despite some law enforcement and industrial uses.', u'Lei, one of China\'s richest men, showed off riding a Ninebot for photographers on Wednesday and explained that he invested in the company because he always found self-balancing vehicles the best "toys for adults".', u"When prompted by an event MC, Lei added that Xiaomi's investment in Ninebot made sense for the smartphone company because Xiaomi's strategy was to support smart hardware companies everywhere and build a device ecosystem around its smartphones.", u"(This version of the story adds executives' comments from the conference and the background)", u'(Additional reporting by Adam Jourdan; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Nokia Aims to Become Networks Giant With Alcatel-Lucent Deal'], [u'HELSINKI \u2014  Nokia will buy ailing French telecom company Alcatel-Lucent for around 15.6 billion euros ($16.5 billion) through a public exchange of shares in France and the United States, in a bid to become a leading global networks operator.', u'Though Alcatel-Lucent has been racking up billions of euros of losses since its creation in 2006, Nokia seems to believe it can cut costs and hopes the deal will give it scale in the market of providing the networks that mobile phones use.', u'The Finnish company said Wednesday that the all-share transaction will be on the basis of 0.55 of a new Nokia share for every share of Alcatel-Lucent. According to the deal, Alcatel-Lucent shareholders would own 33.5 percent of the fully diluted share capital of the combined company, with Nokia shareholders owning 66.5 percent.', u'Nokia stock closed down 1.5 percent at 7.38 euros on the Helsinki Stock Exchange while Alcatel-Lucent plunged more than 15 percent in Paris.', u'Mikko Ervasti, analyst at Evli Bank in Helsinki, said the deal puts Nokia among the global market leaders in networks.', u'"Nokia is clearly focusing on its networks operations and this acquisition makes it a big enough player to clearly challenge Ericsson, perhaps even in several sectors," he said.', u'The acquisition has been approved by both boards and is expected to close in 2016 subject to regulatory and other approvals, including from shareholders.', u'The combined company, known as Nokia Corp., will be based in Finland with "a strong presence in France," Nokia said.', u'Nokia CEO Rajeev Suri was upbeat on the takeover, saying he firmly believes it is "the right deal, with the right logic, at the right time."', u'But analysts warned that a crossover in operations would likely result in layoffs and cuts.', u'Ervasti described Alcatel-Lucent as a "sprawling" concern, and said Nokia might have to shed some operations.', u'"I think Nokia was interested in certain sectors of the company and had to bend over and make an offer for the whole lot," he said.', u'Nokia said it aims to make savings of 900 million euros in "operating cost synergies" by 2019 and some 200 million euros reductions in interest expenses per year by 2017.', u'Alcatel-Lucent CEO Michel Combes admitted a "pang of sadness in the heart" at the demise of the Alcatel brand but defended the deal as focusing on "development and growth."', u'"We had difficult periods, but now we are one of the building bricks for what will become a global technology giant," he said on France\'s Europe-1 radio. "Nokia is becoming today the leader of telecommunications networks thanks to Alcatel-Lucent."', u'Combes also said that they are committed to keeping job levels the same in France and that the project would include 500 more research and development jobs in France.', u"Both companies' chief executives met with French President Francois Hollande briefly on Tuesday afternoon, and the French government said it would support the deal.", u"Nokia, which began as a maker of paper and gum boots in 1865, transformed into a home electronics firm before becoming an innovator in the wireless industry and the world's top cellphone maker. But it met its match when Apple launched the iPhone and also was unable to compete against Google Inc.'s Android operating system and cheaper handsets from Asia.", u'It has made a turnaround since the 5.4 billion-euro sale of the lossmaking handset business to Microsoft a year ago, with three remaining sectors: networks, HERE mapping services and technologies and patents. Nokia said Wednesday it is looking into the potential divestment of its HERE business, but gave no details.', u"Alcatel-Lucent, which has undergone repeated rounds of restructuring since the 2006 merger of France's Alcatel and U.S.-based Lucent Technologies, is laying off more than 10,000 workers and last year made a net loss of 118 million euros.", u'Analysts said the deal could be the first of many in the sector.', u'"Half of telecommunications companies are planning acquisitions in the next 12 months, so we can expect further activity in the sector," said Pip McCrostie, Global Vice Chair of Transaction Advisory Services at consulting firm EY. "The appetite to acquire is exceptionally high in the closely aligned technology sector, with almost 70 percent of companies planning deals."', u'______', u'Angela Charlton in Paris contributed to this report.']), ([u'Alibaba Injects Pharmacy Business Into HK-Listed Affiliate in $2.5 Billion Deal'], [u'SHANGHAI \u2014  Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding is injecting its online pharmacy operations into a Hong Kong-listed affiliate in a $2.5 billion deal to consolidate its healthcare enterprise and ride a boom in online health-related business.', u'Shares in the affiliate, Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited, nearly doubled early on Wednesday after the announcement, resuming trading after being suspended since March 20.', u'Under the deal, Alibaba Health will buy 100 percent of the online pharmacy operations from a wholly owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group and another investor for HK$19.45 billion ($2.5 billion). It will issue shares and bonds to fund the purchase, with the shares priced at HK$5.28 each.', u'"We expect that this integration will enable Alibaba Group to build a healthcare ecosystem that can utilize e-commerce, big data and other technologies to improve the healthcare supply chain," Alibaba Group chief operating officer Daniel Zhang said in a statement.', u'Online pharmacies are currently limited to selling over-the-counter medicines and healthcare products such as cough remedies and vitamin tablets, but China is gearing up to open the over 1 trillion yuan ($161 billion) prescription drug market to online pharmacy operators like Alibaba Health, JD.com and Wal-Mart Stores Inc.', u'Beijing hopes to boost retail drug sales at pharmacy chains and online, and wrestle some sales away from hospitals, which currently control around three-quarters of drug sales.', u'Alibaba said there were currently 186 online-licensed pharmacies on its Tmall online marketplace. Gross merchandise value (GMV) of those businesses for the financial year ended March 31, 2015 was approximately 4.74 billion yuan, it said. After the consolidation, consumers will still to be able to access online pharmacies through Tmall.', u"The deal, which is subject to approval by independent shareholders of Alibaba Health, is expected to be completed in the third quarter this year, raising Alibaba Group's effective equity ownership of Alibaba Health to about 53 percent from 38 percent and making it a consolidated subsidiary, it said.", u"Rivals such as Tencent Holdings, JD.com and Baidu have all made moves to get into China's online healthcare market, seen as a potential cure for a fragmented and opaque market controlled by state-run distributors and hospitals.", u'"All these online healthcare services will help better integrate asymmetrical and highly fragmented healthcare services in China," said Goldman Sachs healthcare analyst Wei Du in a recent report.', u'(Reporting by Adam Jourdan and John Ruwitch in SHANGHAI and Paul Carsten in BEIJING; Editing by Stephen Coates and Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'The Robotics Inventors Who Are Trying to Take the \u2018Hard\u2019 Out of Hardware'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014 In a converted pipe organ factory in the city\u2019s Mission District, ', u' works on products that are smarter, cheaper and, above all, squiggly.', u'Inside the cavernous building and a nearby garage occupied by Mr. Griffith\u2019s research company Otherlab, small teams gather around laser cutters and machining tools. Some work on arrays of solar panels that follow the sun, guided by what look like ribbed soda bottles and powered by pneumatic pressure. Others fiddle with inflatable exoskeletons intended to help soldiers run far with heavy loads or to help paraplegics walk.', u'These are the kinds of futuristic products promised for years by conventional engineering that are now being made real by a handful of low-budget inventors with an unusual vision: They want to replace traditional brawn and metal with unconventional materials to create cheaper and more effective soft machines.', u'\u201cEvery problem in mechanical engineering has been addressed with more weight, more power and more stiffness,\u201d said Mr. Griffith, co-founder and chief executive of Otherlab. \u201cBut nature \u2014 the real world \u2014 is squiggly.\u201d', u'Mr. Griffith is at the forefront of a movement known as soft robotics, which aims to revolutionize the way we think about building things. Researchers at Harvard University have released a ', u' to make loudspeakers and prosthetic hands using soft materials. Last summer\u2019s hit movie \u201cBig Hero 6\u201d featured a squishy-bodied robot ', u'. Biologically inspired designs are also shared freely on the Internet by various user groups. And last year, soft robotics even got its own ', u'.', u'These are typically small-scale and academic endeavors that depend on funding from government and a few interested companies, and many of Mr. Griffith\u2019s projects are a few years away from being offered to the public. Yet by creating a range of companies that are making soft robotics, Mr. Griffith hopes to accelerate an overall change in thinking.', u'The work contrasts with more mainstream robotics. Amazon\u2019s drones and factory pickers, or the welding robots at Tesla, are decidedly hard and use traditional mechanical engineering approaches. Many of those machines have heavy arms and need objects placed in the same position every time, so they can move fast to the correct location.', u'Traditional bionic exoskeletons proposed for the military and paraplegics are also heavy. More weight in the robot or exoskeleton means it will take more energy for the parts to move. That translates into either short battery life or an external power source.', u'Since squiggly things have less precise motions than hard things do, they need lots of sensors and semiconductors to correct their movements. Those once expensive parts have become cheaper thanks to the explosion of cellphones, which use many of the same components. Lifting things without crushing them, a problem with metal robots, is also easier with intelligent soft robots. And, with enough air, they can also be firm.', u'\u201cThere was an assumption that pneumatic things were sloppy and slow,\u201d said ', u', a program manager at the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, which has given Otherlab more than $3 million in grants for various projects. Now, he said, \u201cyou can do precision with modern sensors and controls.\u201d', u'Even the military initially had issues with the comical look of some pneumatics. An inflatable quarantine room \u201clooks silly at first, because you say, \u2018Oh, it\u2019s a bouncy castle,\u2019\u201d Mr. Pratt said. \u201cBut it\u2019s incredibly effective, and a lot safer.\u201d', u'Mr. Griffith, 41, has years of robotics experience and a reputation for unorthodox thinking. Born in Australia to a mother who was an artist and a father who was an engineer, he has a Ph.D. from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, where he wrote a thesis on \u201c', u',\u201d or devices that can assemble themselves from smaller units. He was awarded a MacArthur Foundation grant in 2007.', u'Mr. Griffith\u2019s first big project in the San Francisco Bay Area was ', u', a Google-backed effort to generate power by flying giant kites \u2014 and taking advantage of their soft shapes to withstand storms. He lost the company in the 2008 financial crisis, though Google is still pursuing the idea.', u'He created Otherlab in 2008 along with James McBride, who is the company\u2019s chief technology officer, and Jonathan Bachrach, who is now a professor at the University of California, Berkeley.', u'After working together at M.I.T. on early ideas about turning two-dimensional shapes into three-dimensional objects using complex mathematics, Mr. Griffith co-founded Otherlab to bring young engineers in on the new ideas about soft shapes and computing.', u'In 2013, Otherlab spawned the ', u', which makes a desktop industrial mill that can turn out personalized circuit boards, jewelry and other objects. In total, Otherlab has spun off five other companies and is nurturing three others.', u'To keep costs down, Mr. Griffith tries to do things as cheaply as possible. The prototype for the solar panel manipulator was created with a soda bottle and a hot plate, instead of a proposed $150,000 machine.', u'The work has drawn attention. ', u', the world\u2019s biggest maker of technology for compressed natural gas engines, has invested in ', u', one of the companies Otherlab spun off, which makes soft gas tanks. By replacing a single tank with smaller tubes that can be bent, it is possible to hold more fuel in the same area or to create a shape that better fits the contours of the vehicle, with safety valves in each segment to minimize damage in an explosion. Mr. Griffith says he has had interest from more companies on other projects.', u'Similar soft work is underway at iRobot, which makes the Roomba vacuum cleaner and hard military robots.', u'\u201cArms and hands will be the first area\u201d for development, said Chris Jones, iRobot\u2019s director of strategic technology development. \u201cInflatable structures can be very strong but, if you lower the pressure, also very soft. It can relax the precision you need.\u201d', u'At Carnegie Mellon, ', u' is working on \u201crobot skin\u201d that, on a bed, might measure sleep and adjust itself to make people more comfortable. \u201cOtherlab builds bodies, while we work on sensing and changing,\u201d Professor Atkeson said. \u201cThese seem like far-out ideas, but Saul is good at making them real.\u201d', u'Ideally, Mr. Griffith said, he can start some successful companies but, more important, prove his ideas about fusing textiles, plastics and computers to create a cheap and effective mechanical revolution.', u'\u201cIf you\u2019re going to make robots like you see in the movies, you have to change the game,\u201d he said. \u201cWe\u2019re trying to look at what manufacturing will be in 50 years.\u201d']), ([u'Intel Earnings Rise 3%, Despite Slow PC Market'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  ', u', the world\u2019s largest maker of semiconductors, on Tuesday reported first-quarter earnings that were slightly higher than the same period a year ago, reflecting aggressive cost management in a weak personal computer market.', u'\u201cWe expect the PC market to remain challenging,\u201d Brian M. Krzanich, the chief executive, said in a call to analysts after the earnings ', u'Intel, based in Santa Clara, Calif., has for several years struggled with ebbing demand for PCs, as consumers turn to mobile phones and tablets.', u'But Mr. Krzanich optimistically noted there were \u201c600 million PCs out there, growing by the day, that are greater than four years old,\u201d and Intel executives hope a new release of Microsoft\u2019s PC operating system, scheduled for this summer, will improve demand for his company\u2019s chips.', u'Intel is also counting on continued strong demand for chips used in large computer centers and faster growth in connecting ordinary devices to the Internet.', u'Intel reported that net income rose 3 percent to $2 billion, compared with the year-ago quarter. Intel\u2019s per-share income rose 8 percent, to 41 cents a share, reflecting a smaller number of shares outstanding because of stock buybacks. Revenue was flat, at $12.8 billion.', u'The earnings were about even with Wall Street\u2019s expectations. Analysts forecast that Intel would make 41 cents a share on revenue of $12.9 billion, a survey by Thomson Reuters said.', u'Intel shares increased 3 percent in after-hours trading.', u'The earnings were not surprising, given slow PC sales. Last week, the research firm IDC said that worldwide first-quarter PC shipments were 68.5 million, a decline of 6.7 percent from the year-earlier period. That was slightly better than expected. Chips for PCs and related items make up over half of Intel\u2019s revenue.', u'Intel was slow to move into mobile devices and is overshadowed there by companies like Qualcomm and ARM. Under Mr. Krzanich, who took over two years ago, Intel has redoubled its efforts to get into mobile devices. Progress has been slow, however, with significant financial losses.', u'Other areas of Intel\u2019s business have fared better. Sales of chips for data centers were up 19 percent in the quarter. Intel expects that market to grow about 15 percent annually for several more years.', u'A newer market, chips for the so-called Internet of Things, or appliances and other objects with a two-way network connection, grew 11 percent. That revenue was only $533 million, but Stacy Smith, Intel\u2019s chief financial officer, said annual growth in this area should be about 20 percent for many years.', u'\u201cRetail and digital security businesses were particularly strong,\u201d Mr. Smith said in an interview. \u201cWe\u2019re in telecommunications, automotive, manufacturing, and industrial uses like heating and air-conditioning.\u201d Most expensive machines, he suggested, will eventually be connected.']), ([u"India Builds First 'Smart' City as Urban Population Swells"], [u'GANDHINAGAR, India \u2014  India\'s push to accommodate a booming urban population and attract investment rests in large part with dozens of "smart" cities like the one being built on the dusty banks of the Sabarmati river in western India.', u'So far, it boasts modern underground infrastructure, two office blocks and not much else.', u'The plan, however, is for a meticulously planned metropolis complete with gleaming towers, drinking water on tap, automated waste collection and a dedicated power supply - luxuries to many Indians.', u'With an urban population set to rise by more than 400 million people to 814 million by 2050, India faces the kind of mass urbanization only seen before in China, and many of its biggest cities are already bursting at the seams.', u'Ahead of his election last May, Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised 100 so-called smart cities by 2022 to help meet the rush.', u"At a cost of about $1 trillion, according to estimates from consultants KPMG, the plan is also crucial to Modi's ambition of attracting investment while providing jobs for the million or more Indians who join the workforce every month.", u'His grand scheme, still a nebulous concept involving quality communications and infrastructure, is beginning to take shape outside Gandhinagar, capital of the state of Gujarat, with the first "smart" city the government hopes will provide a model for India\'s urban future.', u'"Most (Indian) cities have not been planned in an integrated way," said Jagan Shah, director of the National Institute of Urban Affairs which is helping the government set guidelines for the new developments.', u'Among the challenges to getting new cities built or existing cities transformed is the lack of experts who can make such huge projects work and attracting private finance.', u'"To get the private sector in, there is a lot of risk mitigation that needs to happen because nobody wants a risky proposition," he told Reuters, stressing the need for detailed planning.', u'To build smart cities, India allocated 60 billion rupees ($962 million) in its annual ', u" for the financial year starting April 1, even as it spent just a fraction of last year's allocation of 70.6 billion rupees, said Shah.", u'OLD CITIES OR NEW?', u'Gujarat International Finance Tec-City (GIFT), as the smart city is called, will double up as a financial hub, with tax and other breaks to lure banks, brokerages and other businesses.', u"Developed in partnership with IL&FS Engineering and Construction, it aims to compete with India's own financial capital of Mumbai as well as overseas rivals like Dubai and Singapore.", u"Pressure on India's existing urban centers is already intense, with cities like Mumbai gridlocked by traffic and hampered by poor infrastructure and a lack of amenities like parks and effective public transport.", u"Yet some experts believe that building new cities may not be the answer to India's swelling urban population.", u'"To address India\'s urbanization challenge we have to start looking at our existing cities," said Shirish Sankhe, director at consultant McKinsey and Company, India.', u'He added that new cities would be only a small part of the solution relative to brownfield projects.', u'India has built planned cities in the past, including Chandigarh, designed by French architect Le Corbusier, and Gandhinagar itself. But the scale of its current push is unprecedented.', u"A bird's eye view from atop one of the two office buildings on the 886-acre GIFT site, a venture which began when Modi was chief minister of Gujarat, shows little sign yet of the 9 billion rupees spent on the first phase.", u'But the sandy plain hides infrastructure including an underground tunnel for utilities, a first in India.', u'WHAT MAKES A CITY "SMART"?', u'The government has yet to decide what exactly will make a city "smart", but the program is expected to include building new centers as well as adapting existing ones.', u"A detailed definition with guidelines is due soon, said the National Institute of Urban Affairs' Shah.", u'Existing cities like Dholera and Surat in Gujarat, and Visakhapatnam in the east, have already begun work to transform into smart cities with help from companies such as Microsoft Corp, IBM Corp and Cisco Systems.', u'Beyond GIFT, greenfield projects are likely to face hurdles including land acquisition rights and lengthy approval processes, as well as finding the right location.', u"GIFT has the advantage of being flanked by a river on one side and a national highway on the other, and also sits between Gujarat's political capital of Gandhinagar and its business hub of Ahmedabad, with a large international airport.", u'The key, experts say, is time.', u'"Physical master planning takes time. Complexity is built into this. And my sense is it is probably going to take longer than what most people think," said McKinsey\'s Sankhe.', u'(Editing by Mike Collett-White and Clara Ferreira-Marques)']), ([u'EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said.', u"Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager is expected to announce on Wednesday that she is preparing a formal charge sheet setting out her concerns with the U.S. company's alleged abuse of its dominant position in Internet search, the Wall Street Journal and Financial Times reported on Tuesday.", u'(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee, writing by Julia Fioretti, editing by Adrian Croft)']), ([u'Creating a Windows Recovery Drive'], [u' Floppies and CD drives have faded into the hardware sunset, but you can use a pocket flash drive as a start-up device instead. ', u' in Windows 8.1, you need a portable USB drive that you can fully erase. You will most likely need at least a 16-gigabyte model, but the size may vary based on your PC. (The recovery setup software eventually tells you the drive size to use.)', u'In Windows 8.1, open the Charms bar by swiping in from the right edge of the screen and tapping Search. You can also press the Windows and F keys on the keyboard to open the Search box. Type \u201crecovery drive,\u201d select \u201cCreate a recovery drive\u201d from the list and follow the steps on screen.', u'When you are finished, tuck the drive away in a safe place for when you might need it. Some computer manufacturers use a chunk of your system\u2019s drive space for a ', u' you can also use for fixing Windows. Once you make a USB recovery drive, Windows may offer you the option to delete the partition from your computer to free up space.', u' ', u', Gmail supports the current versions of the Chrome, Firefox and Safari browsers, as well as the preceding version. Mac OS X 10.5 was ', u', however, and Apple stopped providing software updates for it long ago. ', u' and ', u' require Mac OS X 10.6 to run.', u'Despite the \u201cunsupported browser\u201d message, Gmail should ', u' for basic mail chores, but ', u' like the spell checker and rich formatting are not available. For possible alternatives, a browser like ', u', designed to run on older Mac systems, may work better in general, or you could download your messages to a desktop mail program instead of using the browser. Google\u2019s ', u'.', u'If your Mac has an Intel processor, you might be able to upgrade it to OS X 10.6, which gives you access to the Mac App Store where you can download even newer versions of OS X. ', u' in its online store.', u' Need a quick update on the stock market or a weather forecast for the day? Many helpful iOS apps have found their way to the Mac OS X 10.10 (Yosemite) desktop and can be found in the system\u2019s ', u'. If you have not used the Mac\u2019s Notification Center before, click the three-line icon in the upper-right corner of the menu bar to open it; those with modern Mac laptops can take a two-fingered swipe to the left from the right edge of the trackpad.', u'The Notifications Center is divided into two parts: ', u' and ', u'. As with earlier versions of OS X, the Notifications tab shows recent mail messages, social media posts and website updates. The newer Today tab offers several widgets that resemble the Stocks, Weather and Calculator apps for iOS. To rearrange the widgets or add new ones, click the Edit button at the bottom of the screen.']), ([u'Google Expected to Face Antitrust Charges in Europe'], [u'LONDON \u2014  The ', u' is said to be planning to charge ', u' with using its dominant position in online search to favor the company\u2019s own services over others, in what would be one of the biggest antitrust cases here since regulators went after Microsoft.', u'Europe\u2019s competition chief, Margrethe Vestager, is expected to make an announcement in Brussels on Wednesday that ', u' has abused its dominant position, according to two people who spoke Tuesday on the condition of anonymity.', u'The decision to push ahead with a so-called statement of objections is the latest twist in the lengthy investigation into Google\u2019s activities in Europe, where it holds a roughly 90 percent share in the region\u2019s search market. If Europe is successful in making its case, the American tech giant could face a huge fine and be forced to alter its business practices to give smaller competitors like Yelp greater prominence in its search queries.', u'A representative for Google declined to comment on any potential action by the European authorities. But in an internal memo to employees, first obtained by the technology news site Re/code, the company said it expected the commission to file a statement of objections about how the company displays search results, particularly for shopping. It also expected the authorities to open an investigation into Android, the Google software that runs a majority of the world\u2019s smartphones.', u'\u201cWe have a very strong case, with especially good arguments when it comes to better services for users and increased competition,\u201d the memo said. \u201cAll told, consumers have a lot of choice \u2014 and they are exercising it. And many, many other companies have very successful mobile businesses \u2014 including Apple, the most valuable (mobile) company in the world.\u201d', u'It is still unclear what specific accusations Ms. Vestager plans to include in the charges against Google. But the pressure the company faces in Europe is just one of the regulatory problems that American tech giants like Amazon, Facebook and Apple are facing across the 28-member bloc.', u'Europe\u2019s antitrust officials have already opened investigations into whether Apple and Amazon received preferential treatment in their low-tax arrangements \u2014 Apple in Ireland and Amazon in Luxembourg. In addition, privacy watchdogs across the region are asking whether companies like Facebook have securely protected people\u2019s online data. Policy makers are also investigating whether American Internet platforms like Amazon have too much control over how Europeans gain access to online services.', u'European lawmakers have said that these inquiries are not specifically aimed at American tech companies, though many industry executives say they are aimed at helping European tech companies, which have so far been unable to rival their much larger United States competitors.', u'The investigation against Google has already dragged on for nearly five years at the ', u' without formal charges or a negotiated settlement. That has prompted criticism that the region\u2019s most important antitrust enforcer has been too easy on Google.', u'Europe\u2019s main focus of investigation is whether Google has abused its search engine\u2019s large market share by favoring its own products. The search engine is more dominant in Europe than in the United States, where competitors like Microsoft\u2019s Bing have a sizable market share.', u'Ms. Vestager, a Danish politician who took over as the European Union\u2019s top antitrust official in November, is scheduled to travel to Washington later this week, where she is expected to meet senior justice officials and participate in antitrust conferences.', u'More than two dozen companies and organizations have filed antitrust complaints in Europe against Google. Many are in Germany, where powerful publishing groups and online firms have called on the European regulator to stop the American search giant from blocking competition in sectors like online mapping, travel services and shopping.', u'\u201cThe E.U. competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, will decide what steps they want to go,\u201d G\xfcnther Oettinger, a German politician who is charge of Europe\u2019s digital economy, told Die Welt am Sonntag, a German newspaper, on Sunday. \u201cI think that they will be far-reaching.\u201d', u'If Google fails to rebut any formal charges, Ms. Vestager could levy a fine that could exceed 6 billion euros, or $6.4 billion \u2014 about 10 percent of Google\u2019s most recent annual revenue. But the largest single fine yet levied in such a case falls well short of that mark: The record is \u20ac1.1 billion in 2009 against Intel for abusing its dominance of the computer chip market.', u'The commission previously spent years reining in Microsoft, which accrued a total of almost \u20ac2 billion in European fines over a decade, including a penalty in 2013 for failing to adhere to an earlier settlement.', u'Google still could settle the matter. But whatever the search giant might negotiate with the commission, analysts say, the deal will have a greater impact on its business than previous attempts to settle. Ms. Vestager\u2019s predecessor, Joaqu\xedn Almunia, gave Google three opportunities to make concessions that were aimed at allowing the company to escape both a fine and a formal finding of wrongdoing.', u'Those settlement efforts repeatedly ran afoul of Google\u2019s rivals, including American companies like Microsoft and Yelp, which successfully complained that most of the changes proposed by Google have been insufficient to solve the antitrust concerns identified by regulators.', u'\u201cEveryone should have equal treatment,\u201d said Thomas Vinje, a lawyer for FairSearch Europe, which represents Google rivals. \u201cGoogle should apply its own algorithm fairly to everything, including its own services.\u201d', u'Ms. Vestager has come under pressure from the European Parliament to hasten a decision since lawmakers passed a nonbinding resolution last year calling on her to consider breaking up Google.', u'While it is unlikely that Europe could force Google to divide its current operations, the European Parliament\u2019s resolution was backed by significant numbers of lawmakers. Still, some politicians voiced concern that Europe was unfairly targeting Google.', u'Ms. Vestager \u201cshould be congratulated for securing such swift progress,\u201d said Fredrick Federley, a Swedish member of the European Parliament.', u'But the real challenge for Europe, he said, is to develop its own digital champions.', u'\u201cInstead of finding ways to punish successful American companies,\u201d Mr. Federley said, \u201cwe should be asking ourselves why there are so few homegrown competitors to these giants.\u201d']), ([u'Papal iPad Fetches $30,500 at Auction in Uruguay'], [u'MONTEVIDEO \u2014  An Apple iPad which belonged to Pope Francis fetched $30,500 at auction on Tuesday, with proceeds going to a school for the poor in Uruguay, the local auction house selling the item said.', u"The Castells auction house in Montevideo said the winning bid was placed by telephone, but declined to disclose the buyer's identity or nationality.", u'It is not the first time Pope Francis, who has often criticized orthodox market economics for fostering inequality, has donated a personal belonging. Last year, a Harley-Davidson motorbike he had received as a gift fetched 241,500 euros ($257,681).', u'"May you do something good with it," Uruguayan priest Gonzalo Aemilius recalled being told by the Argentina-born pope when he handed over the iPad.', u'Aemilius in turn donated the tablet to the Francisco de Paysandu high school, located about 370 kilometers (230 miles)north of the capital, Montevideo.', u"School officials said that after a string of failed attempts to sell the iPad through auction houses Christie's and Sotheby's they were offering the iPad through local auction house Castells.", u'The device carries the inscription "His Holiness Francisco. Servizio Internet Vatican, March 2013," and has a certificate signed by the Pope\'s personal secretary, Fabian Pedacchio Leaniz.', u'Pope Francis has called the Internet a "gift from God," but confesses to being a "disaster" with technology.', u'(Reporting by Malena Castaldi; Writing by Richard Lough; editing by G Crosse)']), ([u'EU to Announce Antitrust Moves Against Google on Wednesday: Papers'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  The European Union will accuse Google Inc on Wednesday of abusing its dominant position in Internet searches, opening the U.S. tech company up to a risk of massive fines and enforced changes in its business model, the Financial Times and Wall Street Journal said on Tuesday.', u"However, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters that a formal antitrust charge sheet will not be ready for Wednesday and could take several more months to draw up. The EU can impose fines of up to 10 percent of global turnover, or more than $6 billion in penalties in Google's case.", u"An EU official said Competition Commissioner Margrethe Vestager would make an important announcement about Google on Wednesday, after the EU's executive holds its weekly meeting.", u"The Commission's chief spokesman would not confirm the reports, which cited EU officials, but said there would be a news conference around noon after the meeting.", u'Vestager, who had indicated she would not be rushed into a decision on the five-year-old case, is due to fly to the United States later on Wednesday for a high-profile working visit.  Americans, including business leaders and President Barack Obama, have questioned EU efforts to curb the power of U.S. tech companies.', u'The Danish liberal will accuse Google of breaching competition law by diverting traffic from rivals to favor its own services, said the FT, adding that some fellow commissioners had been concerned Vestager was narrowing the probe.', u'In an internal memo published by blog Re/code, Google acknowledged the "disappointing news" and said the process would include a back and forth over European Commission concerns that could take a year or two and eventually land in court.', u'"We have a very strong case, with especially good arguments when it comes to better services for users and increased competition," the memo said. Google declined to comment or confirm that the memo was genuine.', u'The possibility of an early announcement of action against Google was made public earlier this week by Guenther Oettinger, the conservative German commissioner for the digital economy, who has been a sharp critic of Google and has spoken up for the interests of European technology and publishing companies.', u"Separately, Vestager will launch an investigation into Google's Android mobile software business, the FT said. Google in the internal memo said it had a strong case on Android since the operating system had lowered prices and increased choices for consumers.", u'The Commission has been laying the groundwork for a case centered on whether Google abuses the dominant market share of Android to promote its own services.', u"Vestager made the decision to go ahead with charges on Tuesday together with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and will inform her colleagues on Wednesday, the Journal said. In office since November, Juncker's executive has put the fostering of Europe's digital economy and free trade with the United States among its priorities, but some EU officials are concerned U.S. companies are choking European competitors.", u'Vestager has narrowed the case, which she inherited from her Spanish predecessor, Joaquin Almunia - who rejected three settlement proposals from Google - the FT said.', u'Andreas Schwab, a German conservative member of the European Parliament who has pushed for the EU executive to consider even breaking up Google, told Reuters earlier this week he expected the Commission to bring competition charges against the company.', u'However, industry and EU sources played down earlier on Tuesday suggestions that Vestager was about to announce charges against the Google.', u'The EU investigation is one of the highest profile competition cases of recent years, rivaling probes into Microsoft Corp, and comes amid political disquiet in Europe at the perceived dominance of U.S. tech companies.', u'Almunia launched the probe in 2010 and initially concluded that Google may have hurt competitors by favoring its own products and services in search results and blocking advertisers from moving their campaigns to rival platforms.', u'Since then, Google has offered three proposals to resolve the case. Most recently, just over a year ago, it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website, let content providers decide what material it can use for its own services and make it easier for advertisers to move their campaigns to rivals.', u'Almunia initially accepted that deal, only to reverse his decision six months later and demand more concessions, leaving the ultimate decision to his successor.', u'Microsoft has been hit with total EU fines of more than 2.2 billion euros ($2.34 billion) over the past decade.', u'(Additional reporting by Foo Yun Chee, Adrian Croft,  Francesco Guarascio and Tom Koerkemeier in Brussels and Yasmeen Abutaleb in New York; Editing by Peter Henderson, Philippa Fletcher, Alastair Macdonald, Steve Orlofsky and Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'General Dynamics Says Still Focused on Government Cybersecurity Business'], [u'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. \u2014  General Dynamics Corp, the maker of Gulfstream jets, tanks and war ships, said it remained focused on its core cybersecurity business of serving government agencies and that its sale of Fidelis Cybersecurity Solutions was aimed at trimming a non-core business.', u"General Dynamics spokeswoman Lucy Ryan said on Tuesday Fidelis had doubled in size since General Dynamics acquired it in 2012 but it served a commercial customer base, not in the company's core area.", u"Nadia Short, vice president and general manager for General Dynamics' cyber business, said the company was focused on helping government agencies defend and protect their networks.", u'"We have a comprehensive and robust government-focused cybersecurity portfolio. And we are continuing to invest resources in technology development to ensure we deliver resilient, relevant and innovative solutions that support mission needs," Short said.', u'The Fidelis deal comes at a time when the United States is looking to spend more to protect federal and private networks from increasingly sophisticated hacking attacks.', u'President Barack ', u' proposal for the 2016 fiscal year seeks $14 billion for cybersecurity efforts across the U.S. government.', u'Marlin Equity Partners is buying Fidelis from General Dynamics. Terms of the deal, which is expected to close in the second quarter, were not disclosed. [ID:nBw1vtjk6a]', u'Peter George, who is currently president of General Dynamics Fidelis Cybersecurity Solutions, will become chief executive of the new independent company, Fidelis Cybersecurity, Marlin said.', u'Shares of General Dynamics, which is scheduled to report first-quarter results on April 29, were down 1 percent at $133.35 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.', u"Up to Monday's close, the stock had fallen 2.1 percent since the beginning of the year, underperforming the Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace and Defense Index, which has risen 6.1 percent.", u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal and Sweta Singh; Editing by James Dalgleish and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u'Computer Sciences Corp to Cut 10 Percent of Nordic Staff'], [u'COPENHAGEN \u2014  IT provider Computer Sciences Corp  will cut 350 staff  members of its 3,500-strong Nordic workforce, the U.S. technology consultancy said on Tuesday.', u"The staff cuts are part of CSC's restructuring, CSC Denmark's CEO J\xf8rgen Jacobsen said.", u'"We expect to transform the workforce so CSC can compete more effectively, take advantage of market opportunities and lead the market," Jakobsen said in a statement to Reuters.', u'(Reporting by Alexander Tange, editing by Louise Heavens)']), ([u'TechBits: Analyzing Medical Data, Breaking Smartphones'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Your smartphone could be a valuable tool for medical research \u2014 and for treating a variety of ailments.', u'IBM wants to use the power of its Watson computing system \u2014 which famously won TV\'s "Jeopardy" a few years back \u2014 to analyze mountains of data collected from individuals who use health-related smartphone apps, fitness bands and other gadgets. A new IBM business will provide Internet computing services for health-care companies and researchers to collect and analyze that data, along with information from patient treatment records and research trials.', u'By combining all that data, and then searching for trends and patterns, IBM believes researchers could gain new insights into treatment and prevention. The company promises the information will be "anonymized" to protect individuals\' privacy and used only with their consent.', u'IBM is also working with other companies to use Watson\'s analytical prowess in new health services. Johnson & Johnson is developing "intelligent coaching" apps for patients recovering from surgery. Medtronic is creating programs to help diabetics monitor glucose and adjust their insulin treatment. Apple will let researchers use IBM\'s platform to analyze data from health apps on iPhones.', u'Apple already has software tools called HealthKit to help individuals track fitness and health data on their iPhones. This week, Apple launched ResearchKit for scientists to create more specialized apps for medical studies. ResearchKit had been limited to five pilot groups until now. Some of those apps gather data from ', u" sensors like the microphone, which can measure voice tremors caused by Parkinson's Disease, and the accelerometer, which can measure changes in a walker's gait. Apple says 60,000 iPhone owners have already downloaded those apps and enrolled in medical studies.", u"Apple also announced that its annual developers conference will be held June 8 to 12 in San Francisco. That's when Apple typically previews the next versions of its Mac and iOS mobile systems.", u'___', u'BREAKING PHONES ... ON PURPOSE', u"Samsung's new Galaxy S6 phones proved durable in the face of drops and other pressures, according to SquareTrade, a provider of extended-protection plans for gadgets.", u"In SquareTrade's tests, which use robots to throw and drop various phones to ensure consistency, the S6 phones had great water resistance, even though they don't officially have those capabilities as last year's Galaxy S5 did. But the S6 phones lost points for having slippery glass backs. They slid farther than last year's plastic Galaxy S5 and the metal-back iPhone 6 when pushed, making them more prone to falling off the edge of a table.", u'A premium version of the S6, known as Edge, also lost points for bending under pressure, though the regular S6 did well, withstanding 110 pounds of pressure.', u'Samsung says any phone will break if you try hard enough, but its phones "are capable of taking some hits." The company says the metal frame, for instance, is designed to absorb much of the impact from any drops to protect the glass. Samsung posted video showing phones still working after drops. As for bending, Samsung says SquareTrade\'s tests apply more pressure than would be typical in a person\'s back pocket.', u'___', u'BATTLING INTERNET RULES', u"AT&T Inc. and four industry groups representing telecommunications, wireless and cable companies have filed lawsuits to overturn the Federal Communications Commission's new Internet traffic rules.", u"The FCC's rules are meant to uphold the principle of ", u' \u2014 that Internet content should be treated equally and load at the same speed.', u"Many Internet providers say they don't want to block or slow content, but they don't want the stricter regulation that comes with the new rules. The FCC enacted them by placing Internet access in the same regulatory bucket as the telephone. Labeling Internet access as a telecommunications service, rather than an information service as it was before, subjects it to broader oversight by the FCC. With the rules, the agency will be able to hear and investigate complaints of unfair practices by Internet service providers from consumers and Web companies such as Netflix.", u"Federal courts had struck down the FCC's previous attempt at net neutrality rules, which kept Internet access regulated as an information service. The judges said then that the FCC had effectively treated Internet service providers as common carriers like utilities or phone service even though they were exempt from such treatment as an information service.", u'The lawsuits had been widely expected. Filing lawsuits this week are AT&T, CTIA, a wireless trade group; the cable trade groups National Cable & Telecommunications Association and American Cable Association; and the United States Telecom Association, an industry group that represents companies including AT&T and Verizon.', u'___', u'AP Technology Writers Anick Jesdanun and Tali Arbel contributed from New York.']), ([u"India's Flipkart Ends Talks to Join Bharti Airtel Marketing Platform"], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  India's largest online marketplace Flipkart said on Tuesday it would end talks with mobile operator Bharti Airtel Ltd to join its new marketing platform for mobile application makers.", u"Flipkart was in negotiations to join Bharti's Airtel Zero platform, where mobile application makers pay for data usage, which then enables customers to use applications for free.", u'"We will be walking away from the ongoing discussions with Airtel for their platform Airtel Zero," Flipkart said in a statement. "We will be committing ourselves to the larger cause of ', u' in India."', u'This has prompted debate in India on social media, with activists and users arguing that such platforms go against the concept of net neutrality, where all traffic on the Internet is treated equally.', u'Critics say a lack of transparency and clear regulations in India may make it tough to check if large firms get preferential treatment by carriers over smaller rivals.', u"Some of India's small- and mid-sized e-commerce companies have complained that this could favor bigger companies and limit customer choice.", u'"What\'s beautiful about the Internet is that it is a leveler," Vikram Chopra, managing director of online furniture retailer Fab Furnish, said. "If one app is free, or loads faster than the other, it would skew usage and that is definitely a problem for those who are not on that group."', u"India's telecoms ministry has set up a panel to look into the issue of net neutrality and a report on its recommendations is expected in the second week of May, Telecoms Minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said on Monday.", u'Bharti Airtel said on Tuesday it backed net neutrality and that Airtel Zero was a toll-free data platform.', u'The company has received enquiries from over 150 start-ups in the past week and on average, expects the plan (Airtel Zero) to reduce marketing costs for partners by almost three quarters, Srini Gopalan, director-consumer business at Bharti Airtel said.', u'(Additional reporting by Tommy Wilkes in New Delhi; Editing by Sumeet Chatterjee and Jane Merriman)']), ([u'Nokia in Advanced Talks to Buy Alcatel-Lucent'], [u"HELSINKI \u2014  Nokia revealed Tuesday it's in advanced talks to buy the ailing French telecoms company Alcatel-Lucent, an apparent bid to become a leading global networks operator.", u'Hopes for a deal were boosted by news that the French government, which has a history of intervening in takeover attempts by foreign companies, would give its blessing.', u'In a brief statement, Nokia Corp. said the two companies are in negotiations "with respect to a potential full combination which would take the form of a public exchange offer by Nokia for Alcatel-Lucent."', u"After plunging 7 percent in Helsinki, Nokia stock closed down 3.6 percent at 7.49 euros in late trading while Alcatel-Lucent, which has been losing money since its creation in 2006, saw its share price leap 16 percent in Paris. That put Alcatel-Lucent's market value at 12.7 billion euros ($13.42 billion).", u'The Finnish company gave no details of the talks and denied further comment except to say that a further announcement would be made when appropriate.', u'"Nokia has been reorganizing the business for some time and the networks market is very competitive so it makes real sense to merge the networks," said Neil Mawston from Strategy Analytics near London. "Nokia became a bit of a sprawling mess in the latter years with devices struggling and maps not quite living up to its expectations."', u"Both companies' chief executives, Nokia's Rajeev Suri and Alcatel-Lucent's Michel Combes, met with French President Hollande briefly on Tuesday afternoon but did not talk to reporters after the meeting. The French government said it would support the deal.", u'"It\'s a good operation for Alcatel-Lucent" because it will allow the creation of a "European champion" with "no job cuts" in France, Economy Minister Emmanuel Macron said following the meeting at the Elysee.', u"Nokia, which began as a maker of paper and gum boots in 1865, transformed into a home electronics firm before becoming an innovator in the wireless industry and the world's top cellphone maker. But it met its match when Apple launched the iPhone and also was unable to compete against Google Inc.'s Android operating system and cheaper handsets from Asia.", u'Recently, it has made a turnaround since its 5.4 billion-euro sale of the lossmaking handset business to Microsoft a year ago, with three remaining sectors: networks, mapping services and technologies and patents. It expects growth this year in all of them after a good fourth quarter result in 2014, when it reported a net profit of 443 million euros ($502 million) and sales growth of nearly 10 percent to 3.8 billion euros.', u'Timo Seppala, senior researcher at Aalto University in Helsinki, described such a merger as a clear indication that the company, which makes most of its money from networks, is aiming to be a major player in global network services.', u'"Nokia wants to be one of the three big ones \u2014 a game player alongside China\'s Huawei and Ericsson (of Sweden)," the market leaders in networks, Seppala said.', u"Networks, which recorded near-record profits and accounts for 90 percent of Nokia's sales, is expected to book a full-year operating margin of 11 percent, up from the earlier estimate of 5 to 10 percent, according to Suri.", u"Alcatel-Lucent, which has racked up billions of euros of losses and undergone repeated rounds of restructuring since the 2006 merger of France's Alcatel and U.S.-based Lucent Technologies, said in 2013 that it plans to lay off 10,000 workers. Last year it made a net loss of 118 million euros.", u'______', u'Angela Charlton and Sylvie Corbet in Paris contributed to this report.']), ([u'Google Malaysia Service Disrupted by Hackers'], [u'KUALA LUMPUR \u2014  Internet users were denied access to Google Inc\'s Malaysia website on Tuesday, and were redirected to a hacked page saying "Google Malaysia Hacked by Tiger-Mate #Bangladeshi Hacker."', u'The company has reached out to the organization that manages the domain name to resolve the issue, MYNIC, a Google Malaysia spokesperson said in a statement to Reuters.', u'MYNIC is operated by the country\'s ministry of communications and multimedia, and is the administrator for all websites ending with ".my," according to the company\'s website.', u'The website for Malaysia Airlines experienced a similar problem in January, but the airline quickly reassured users that their bookings and private data had not been compromised.', u'(Reporting By Al-Zaquan Amer Hamzah; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u'Under Fire From U.S. Group, Alibaba Says Fighting Counterfeit Goods'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said it had a range of measures to fight counterfeits on its websites - remarks that come after a trade group requested U.S. government help in prodding the Chinese e-commerce giant into action against fake goods.', u'Concerns over fake products on Alibaba\'s platforms, including online marketplace Taobao, have dogged the world\'s largest e-commerce firm for years, although the U.S. trade office removed Taobao from its list of "notorious markets" in 2012 in recognition of progress made.', u'In the latest flare up over the issue, the American Apparel & Footwear Association (AAFA) said in an April 8 letter to U.S. Trade Representative Michael Froman it was convinced Alibaba was either incapable or not interested in addressing the problem.', u'The association added that since Taobao had been delisted as a notorious market, the problem had worsened and urged the USTR to send a clear signal that Taobao would be relisted unless more action was taken.', u'In response, Alibaba said on Tuesday that its measures to tackle counterfeits included data mining, working with Chinese authorities and cooperating with over 1,000 brand owners and several industry associations.', u'Alibaba added it had been talking with AAFA since 2012 over how best to tackle counterfeits and was committed to continuing to do so.', u'Prior to the AAFA letter, the USTR said last month it was keeping an eye on Alibaba for sales of counterfeit and pirated goods, but refrained from putting the site back on the piracy blacklist.', u"Hangzhou-based Alibaba has also caught regulators' attention in China. Last month, the country's commercial regulator said in response to a question about fakes on Alibaba's websites that the government must establish a system to record and restrict e-commerce firms that break rules on counterfeit goods.", u"Alibaba has seen its shares slide 19 percent for the year to date, with analysts citing concerns about counterfeits as one reason, along with lacklustre third-quarter earnings and investor excitement wearing off after the firm's record-setting $25 billion IPO last September.", u'(Reporting by Paul Carsten; Editing by Edwina Gibbs)']), ([u"'Slicing and Dicing': How Some U.S. Firms Could Win Big in 2016 Elections"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  By one estimate U.S. online political advertising could quadruple to nearly $1 billion in the 2016 election, creating huge opportunities for digital strategy firms eager to capitalize on a shift from traditional mediums like television.', u'These firms - mostly small, partisan and based in Washington and surrounding suburbs - have grown in sophistication since the last presidential election in 2012. A niche sector in a multi-billion election industry, they are poised to play a much bigger role in 2016 as digital ads assume more importance and change the way political money is spent on advertising. (Graphic: ', u')', u'The companies, typically privately held and staffed by 30 to 100 people with engineering and developer backgrounds, will operate in the background of election campaigns. But their influence will likely be felt in millions of households as they help candidates tailor online adverts for specific groups of voters.', u'Their analytical wizardry enables them to "slice and dice" the electorate so precisely that they can zero in on voters in a single apartment block. A candidate\'s ability to micro-target likely voters with adverts on issues they care about is crucial in a modern American political campaign.', u'Firms that target voters with digital ads are multiplying, in some cases seeing the number of both clients and employees triple each two-year election cycle, interviews with multiple firms and reviews of Federal Election Commission records show.', u'Some of the companies told Reuters they anticipate hundreds of campaigns, ranging from presidential to school board, to sign contracts with them.', u'Washington-based DSPolitical expects to double in size to 60 employees in 2016 to cope with the increased business, Jim Walsh, DSPolitical\u2019s co-founder, said in an interview.', u'When it launched in 2011 it had a hard time convincing candidates that its ability to target voters with a precision unheard of in prior races was anything other than a sideshow to the traditional advertising strategies that focused on television, radio and newspapers, he said.', u'But by 2014, the firm, which works mainly with Democratic and progressive groups, had done more work in one month than it had in the whole 2012 election cycle.', u'HOW IT WORKS', u'Digital targeting works like this: First, partisan data firms, like i360 and Data Trust on the right and Catalist and TargetSmart on the left, compile detailed voter databases and scrutinize them for demographic and geographical information on 190 million registered voters.', u'Next, digital targeting firms like DSPolitical, CampaignGrid, and Targeted Victory, map the voter datasets against commercially available data like Internet histories and real estate and tax records.', u'So, a candidate attempting to reach environmentalists in Detroit could, for example, send online ads to specific registered voters in the Detroit metro area who had typed \u201cToyota Prius\u201d into Google.', u'Predictions for 2016 show online advertising will consume only 8 percent of media budgets, or $955 million. But the growth has been explosive - up from $270 million in 2014 and just $14 million in 2010, according to Borrell Associates, a research firm that tracks advertising.', u'"2012 WAS REALLY CRUDE"', u'\u201cTelevision is still the most effective way to get your message out there,\u201d said Vincent Galko, a consultant for Republican congressman Ryan Costello\u2019s winning bid for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2014. \u201cBut when you have a finite budget and expensive market, targeting online and through social media is very effective.\u201d', u'Costello\u2019s campaign hired CampaignGrid, based in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania, a political ad targeting firm that has also worked on New Jersey Governor Chris Christie\u2019s gubernatorial campaigns.', u'Identifying the total number of firms that offer clients targeted digital advertising and consulting work is complicated, however. Many traditional advertising agencies now offer some form of targeted digital work, as well as campaign consultant subcontractors. As a result, measuring growth of this cottage industry is tricky.', u'Some of the largest strides in digital advertising have come from the right, which worked quickly to catch up after Democratic President Barack Obama\u2019s 2012 campaign dominated advertising online and on social media like Facebook.', u'\u201c2012 was really crude, because our side didn\u2019t do so well,\u201d said Michael Palmer, president of i360, the data company backed by billionaire brothers Charles and David Koch. Since then, the firm has focused on expanding and refining its data to narrow the technological gap between Republican and Democratic campaigns.', u'i360 billed candidates and political committees more than $23 million in the 2014 congressional election, FEC data shows, and now delivers advertising so personalized that neighboring households can watch the same television program but see completely different ads based on their political affinities.', u"\u201cThink of how much money is wasted running an ad during a sports program to people who aren't registered to vote,\u201d said Lindsay Conwell, vice president of accounts and media at i360. \u201cThis may be more expensive, but it\u2019s more effective.\u201d", u'(The story was refiled to correct the name of the automaker to Toyota in paragaph 12)', u'(Editing by Ross Colvin)']), ([u'User Mistakes Aid Most Cyber Attacks, Verizon and Symantec Studies Show'], [u'(Reuters) - When a cyber security breach hits the news, those most closely involved often have incentive to play up the sophistication of the attack.', u'If hackers are portrayed as well-funded geniuses, victims look less vulnerable, security firms can flog their products and services, and government officials can push for tougher regulation or seek more money for cyber defenses.', u'But two deeply researched reports being released this week underscore the less-heralded truth: the vast majority of hacking attacks are successful because employees click on links in tainted emails, companies fail to apply available patches to known software flaws, or technicians do not configure systems properly.', u"These conclusions will be in the minds of executives attending the world's largest technology security conference next week in San Francisco, a conference named after lead sponsor RSA, the security division of EMC Corp.", u"In the best-known annual study of data breaches, a report from Verizon Communications Inc to be released on Wednesday found that more than two-thirds of the 290 electronic espionage cases it learned about in 2014 involved phishing, the security industry's term for trick emails.", u'Because so many people click on tainted links or attachments, sending phishing emails to just 10 employees will get hackers inside corporate gates 90 percent of the time, Verizon found.', u'"There\'s an overarching pattern," said Verizon scientist Bob Rudis. Attackers use phishing to install malware and steal credentials from employees, then they use those credentials to roam through networks and access programs and files, he said.', u"Verizon's report includes its own business investigations and data from 70 other contributors, including law enforcement. It found that while major new vulnerabilities such as Heartbleed  are being used by hackers within hours of their announcement, more attacks last year exploited patchable vulnerabilities dating from 2007, 2010, 2011, 2012 and 2013.", u'Another annual cyber report, to be released on Tuesday by Symantec Corp, found that state-sponsored spies also used phishing techniques because they work and because the less-sophisticated approach drew less scrutiny from defenders.', u'Once inside a system, however, the spies turned fancy, writing customized software to evade detection by whatever security programs the target has installed, Symantec said.', u'"Once I\'m in, I can do what I need to," said Robert Shaker, an incident response manager at Symantec. The report drew on data from 57 million sensors in 157 countries and territories.', u'Another troubling trend Symantec found involves the use of "ransomware," in which hackers encrypt a computer\'s files and promise to release them only if the user pays a ransom. (Some 80 percent of the time, they do not decrypt the files even then.)', u'The new twist comes from hackers who encrypt files, including those inside critical infrastructure facilities, but do not ask for anything. The mystery is why: Shaker said it is not clear whether the attackers are securing the information for resale to other spies or potential saboteurs, or whether they plan on making their own demands in the future.', u'RSA CONFERENCE', u'At next week\'s RSA Conference, protecting critical infrastructure systems under increasing attack will be a major theme.  Another theme will be the need for more sharing of "intelligence" about emerging threats - between the public and private sectors, within the security industry, and within certain industries.', u'While many of the biggest breaches of the past two years involved retailers, the healthcare industry has figured heavily in recent months. Former FBI futurist Marc Goodman said that both spies and organized criminals are likely at work, the former seeking leverage to use in recruiting informants and the latter looking to cash in on medical and insurance fraud.', u"Verizon's researchers said that to be most effective, information-sharing would have to be essentially in real time, from machine to machine, and cross multiple sectors, a daunting proposition.", u'Another section of the Verizon report could help security executives make the case for bigger budgets. The researchers produced the first analysis of the actual costs of breaches derived from insurance claims, instead of survey data.', u'Verizon said the best indicator of the cost of an incident is the number of records compromised, and that the cost rises logarithmically, flattening as the size of the breach rises.', u'According to the new Verizon model, the loss of 100,000 records should cost roughly $475,000 on average, while 100 million lost records should cost about $8.85 million.', u'Though the harder data will be welcome to number-crunchers, spending more money cannot guarantee complete protection against attacks.', u'The RSA Conference floor will feature vendors touting next-generation security products and anomaly-spotting big-data analytics. But few will actually promise that they can stop someone from clicking on a tainted email and letting a hacker in.', u'(Reporting by Joseph Menn in San Francisco; Editing by Tiffany Wu)']), ([u'Hackers Keep Trying New Targets in Search of Easy Data'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  The health care sector has become the hot target for hackers in recent months, according to researchers at Symantec, a leading cybersecurity company that says it\'s also seeing big increases in "spear-phishing," \'\'ransomware" and efforts to exploit newly discovered vulnerabilities in software used by a wide range of industries.', u'After a wave of high-profile attacks on banks and retailers over the last two years, almost 80 percent of the calls to Symantec\'s global "incident response" service since December have come from health organizations, said Robert Shaker, a Symantec official who oversees the commercial service.', u'While usually seeking valuable patient and employee data, hackers who target health organizations may inadvertently disrupt computer systems that oversee medication and other life-saving treatments, Shaker said during a press event Monday.', u"The health sector's vulnerability to hackers was underscored earlier this year when Anthem, the giant insurance firm, reported a data breach affecting up to 80 million customers. But as each sector strengthens its defenses, Shaker said, hackers move on to new industries that may be vulnerable. He predicted schools and universities may be the next big targets.", u'Higher education is "another area very similar to health care," where administrators have historically been less focused on computer security, said Shaker. He noted that university computer networks hold a variety of valuable data, including financial records for students and employees, as well as scientific and medical research.', u'Several universities have already reported large data breaches in recent months, according to reports compiled by the nonprofit Privacy Rights Clearinghouse, which says the University of Maryland, North Dakota University and Butler University in Indianapolis have disclosed that hackers obtained personal identifying information for hundreds of thousands of students.', u'Symantec Corp. is one of the biggest companies in a growing industry that sells software and expertise for defending against cyberattacks \u2014 so it has a vested interest in highlighting security threats. But findings in its annual Internet Security Threat Report, released this week, generally echo observations of other industry experts.', u'Along with an overall jump in the volume of malicious software, Symantec said it\'s seeing an increase in software designed specifically to siphon information from smartphones and other mobile gadgets. It also counted a surge in certain kinds of "spear-phishing" attacks, in which hackers send deceptive email or text messages to consumers or company employees, hoping they will click on a link that infects their computers with malware.', u'In a particularly dramatic trend, Symantec reported almost 9 million incidents of "ransomware" attacks last year, more than double the total from 2013. "Ransomware" programs aim to extort money from computer users through various threats. One typical program displays a message that says child pornography or other illegal material has been found on the user\'s computer, and demands the user pay a fine to avoid prosecution. But in a trend that has boomed over the last year, Symantec says, hackers also use software that encrypts files on the target computer \u2014 making them unusable \u2014 and demand payment to de-encrypt them.', u'Some hackers have added extra code to "ransomware" that remains on a computer and even adapts itself to carry out other tasks, such as siphoning valuable information, said Kevin Haley, Symantec security response director.', u'Hackers are also increasingly using automated software that spams companies or repeatedly probes their networks for vulnerabilities, which means they can launch multiple attacks with less effort, said author and security expert Marc Goodman, who spoke at the Symantec event.', u'And even as the Obama administration is urging industry officials to share information about defending against attacks, hackers are sharing knowledge among themselves. Would-be hackers can easily buy malware online and even find instructional videos on public sites that explain how to carry out attacks, said Lillian Ablon, a researcher at the Rand Corp.']), ([u'China to Strengthen Surveillance, Security in Anti-Terror Push'], [u'BEIJING \u2014  China will establish a national population database linked to ID information and credit records, state media reported late on Monday, as part of a larger push to beef up surveillance and security in response to violent unrest.', u'China has already taken a series of measures to prevent attacks by extremists, including plans for an anti-terrorism law that would give the government broader surveillance powers and offering to pay for tips about violent plots.', u"The latest steps also include assigning more security forces to public transport, including buses, trains and subways, as well as to schools, financial institutions and hospitals, the official Xinhua news agency reported, citing a statement issued by the ruling Communist Party's Central Committee and the State Council, China's cabinet.", u'In addition, China will require identification when registering at hotels, for trade of second-hand goods, for motor refitting and for "recreation services", Xinhua said, without specifying the type of recreation.', u'The measures will help "prevent violence, terrorist attacks or extreme events", the report said.', u'The statement calls for a "security network that covers all grassroots communities", using more surveillance cameras.', u'China was rocked last year by a string of knife and bomb attacks that it has blamed on separatists from the western region of Xinjiang, which has been plagued by unrest.', u'Xinjiang is home to the Muslim Uighur people, who have chafed under growing restrictions from China, including on their religion, language and culture. Rights activists have criticized the government, saying the crackdown only serves to exacerbate tensions and breed extremism.', u'Hundreds of people have been killed in resource-rich Xinjiang, strategically located on the borders of central Asia, in violence in the past two years between Uighurs and ethnic majority Han Chinese.', u'China has also tightened security at hospitals and other health facilities after a spate of violence against doctors and nurses.', u'(Reporting By Megha Rajagopalan; Editing by Edmund Klamann)']), ([u'Amazon, HarperCollins Reach Multi-Year Publishing Deal: WSJ'], [u'(Reuters) - E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing HarperCollins.', u'The deal calls for HarperCollins, owned by News Corp, to set the retail prices of its digital books, with incentives for HarperCollins to provide lower prices to consumers, the Journal said, citing a person familiar with the matter.', u'Financial terms were not reported. The agreement is expected to go into effect this week, the Journal said.', u'"HarperCollins has reached an agreement with Amazon. Our books will continue to be available on the Amazon print and digital platforms," a HarperCollins spokeswoman said in a statement, the Journal reported.', u'In November, Amazon reached a multi-year agreement with Hachette Book Group for e-book and print book sales after months of bitter fighting that pitted writers and publishers against Amazon.', u"Hachette is a unit of France's Lagardere SCA and the fourth-largest U.S. book publisher.", u'HarperCollins and Amazon were not available to comment.', u'(Reporting by Sneha Banerjee and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Leslie Adler)']), ([u'Opera Software Targets 350 Million Mobile Browser Users in 2017'], [u"OSLO \u2014  Norway's Opera Software on Tuesday launched a new version of the Opera Mini browser for Android phones, hoping to more than double its smartphone user base by the end of 2017.", u"Google's Android is the most widely used operating system among mobile phone makers.", u'With the launch of Mini 8, Opera aims to lift its smartphone user base to 275 million by 2017 from the current 130 million, increasing the total to 350 million when including around 75 million users of less advanced feature phones.', u'The purpose of using Mini, which has become particularly popular in many developing countries, is both to speed up online surfing and to cut costs, as the browser can compress data by up to 90 percent.', u"Smartphone customers generally do much more online surfing, making them far more valuable than users of feature phones although Opera Software doesn't give revenue figures per user.", u'"It\'s complicated, we have customers in 200 countries and more and more of them are using smartphones and fewer are on feature phones," Opera investor relations chief Petter Lade told Reuters.', u'"Our target is to have 275 million smart phones and 75 million on feature phones, this will be our total target for mobile users for 2017," he added.', u'(Reporting by Ole Petter Skonnord, editing by Terje Solsvik)']), ([u'U.S. Has Record Number of Applications for H-1B Tech Visas'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  Applications for H-1B visas allowing U.S. businesses to hire foreign workers in science, engineering and computer programming totaled a record 233,000 for fiscal 2016, according to government figures released on Monday.', u"A maximum of 85,000 of the work visas, including 20,000 for holders of master's degrees, are available each year under limits set by Congress, despite years of heavy lobbying by tech companies to raise the cap.", u'U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services on Monday used a computer-generated lottery process to dole out the visas, and will start processing them by May 11, the agency said on its website.', u'"Year after year, the government falls back on a lottery system to determine which U.S. employers will \u2018win\u2019 the ability to hire top world talent," Lynn Shotwell, executive director of the Council for Global Immigration, an industry lobby group, said in an email on Monday in response to the figures.', u'\u201cThis year, employers had a mere 36 percent chance of being granted an H-1B visa. U.S. economic growth should not be left up to this gamble," Shotwell said, adding U.S. employers were frustrated.', u'The United States loses about 500,000 jobs a year because of those limits, according to estimates from Compete America, a coalition representing tech giants including Amazon, Facebook and Microsoft.', u'But some labor organizations have criticized the program, saying it keeps down wages in the tech sector.', u"President Barack Obama's move last November to ease immigration rules using his executive authority largely disappointed tech industry leaders.", u'They made it easier for entrepreneurs to work in the United States and extended a program letting foreign students who graduate with advanced degrees from U.S. universities to work here temporarily.', u'But major changes require congressional action, and there appears to be little promise for such legislation in the current political atmosphere.', u'(Reporting by Eric Walsh; Additional reproting by Roberta Rampton; Editing by Peter Cooney)']), ([u"China's Cyber Laws Could Saddle Firms With Redundant Data Centers: U.S. Lobby"], [u'BEIJING \u2014  Chinese restrictions on transferring data overseas would burden firms with building "redundant" data centers in China and hamper domestic companies expanding abroad, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said on Tuesday.', u'China has introduced a series of policies in recent years to keep financial and personal data such as credit history and health records on Chinese soil, particularly since intelligence contractor Edward Snowden disclosed details of U.S. spying.', u'China is not alone in weighing such measures, with countries including Russia, Germany and Brazil ratifying or extensively debating similar proposals in response to the spying.', u'Technology companies, on the other hand, said such localization would lead to inefficiency, with U.S. search giant Google Inc saying it would result in the "balkanisation", or fragmentation, of the Internet.', u'The U.S. chamber, which has become increasingly vocal in the past year as China implemented new cyber security regulations, said in a report on Tuesday that "the damages to economic growth ... outweigh any theoretical benefits to security."', u"The chamber cited a study by the European Centre for International Political Economy that said localization could cause China's gross domestic product to fall by 1.1 percent.", u'China has mentioned data localization in seven laws or policy papers since 2010, including in laws governing state secrets and security, according to the chamber. The U.S. and China should drop localization initiatives under a bilateral investment treaty now being negotiated, it said.', u'The same day, U.S. Secretary of Commerce Penny Pritzker, in a visit to China, said cyber security threats must be addressed without creating barriers to trade or investment.', u"Chinese officials, for their part, have repeatedly said China's cyber security regulations are in line with prevailing international standards and are no more onerous.", u'Some technology vendors have begun making changes in response to the data localization movement internationally. Microsoft Corp said it would abide by such national demands while Apple Inc said it would store Chinese user data for its iCloud service at data centers operated by China Telecom Corp Ltd.', u'(Reporting by Gerry Shih; Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'IBM Launches New Health Unit, Teams Up With Apple, J&J, Medtronic'], [u'SEATTLE \u2014  International Business Machines Corp, deepening its partnership with Apple Inc to make use of health information gathered by millions of Apple devices, is creating a unit dedicated to providing data analytics to the healthcare sector.', u'Its new Watson Health unit plans to aggregate health information from a large number of devices and providers in the cloud and offer insights to health companies such as Johnson & Johnson and Medtronic, which can then integrate results into services they sell to healthcare companies.', u'IBM said it will create headquarters for the unit in Boston with 2,000 employees, including about 75 medical practitioners. IBM also said it bought two health technology firms, Explorys and Phytel, for an undisclosed amount, to add to its skills in health data analytics.', u'IBM already has an arrangement to work with Apple on numerous enterprise applications, but is extending its co-operation in the area of health.', u"Watson Health - named for IBM's artificial intelligence creation, which beat previous champions of the U.S. quiz show Jeopardy - will bring cloud services and analytics to Apple's latest forays into the health business, HealthKit and ResearchKit.", u"HealthKit centralizes a user's health data provided by any number of fitness and health apps on a device, while ResearchKit is an open-source platform that lets researchers create diagnostic apps for use on the iPhone. One example is mPower, which measures hand tremors as a test for Parkinson's Disease.", u"Both services generate millions of points of data, and with customers' consent, IBM is looking to turn that anonymous data into meaningful signals for the treatment of illnesses or rehabilitation.", u'Johnson & Johnson, for example, said it will work with IBM on mobile-based coaching systems to help patients before or after surgery and will launch new health apps targeting chronic conditions.', u'Medical device maker Medtronic said it will use insights from Watson Health and work with IBM on personalized care plans for people with diabetes.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Dan Grebler)']), ([u"A Global Development Financier's Silicon Valley Foray"], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  San Francisco-based startup Planet Labs, a company that aims to blanket the skies with low-cost satellites, has raised nearly $140 million from investors that include Russian billionaire Yuri Milner and SpaceX backer Draper Fisher Jurvetson. Now, the company has raised an additional $20 million from an unlikely contender: the venture arm of the International Finance Corporation, a multilateral lending organization that\u2019s part of the World Bank.', u'The IFC describes its mission as "alleviating poverty and creating opportunity." Generally, that has meant investing in emerging markets, not the Silicon Valley. \xa0', u'But lately, the Washington, D.C.-based IFC has taken a broader view of its role, including funding startups it thinks might eventually benefit poverty-stricken countries, even if the companies are U.S.-based and have other funding sources.', u'The Planet Labs investment comes on the heels of the IFC\u2019s $4.5 million investment last year in cloud-connectivity company Ayla and a $5 million investment in 2013 in online-education company Coursera, both based in California. Its first Silicon Valley tech investment was NeoPhotonics, a now publicly traded networking company the IFC backed in 2006.', u'\u201cWe seek to invest in companies and help them grow into markets we\u2019re interested in,\u201d said Nikunj Jinsi, the global head of IFC\u2019s venture team. \u201cIt\u2019s not like we invest all day long in Silicon Valley companies.\u201d Any profits from the team\u2019s investments are used to fund other IFC projects, a spokeswoman said.', u'\xa0\xa0\xa0This fiscal year, the venture group expects to invest more than $100 million, most of it in the developing world. But to critics, any investment by the team in Silicon Valley startups is troubling.', u'\u201cThey should be spending more time and effort finding investments in developing countries,\u201d said Luiz Vieira, coordinator at the Bretton Woods Project, a nonprofit that monitors the World Bank. \u201cIt\u2019s not like capital is challenging to get in California.\u201d', u'The IFC launched its venture capital work about 10 years ago, and the team\u2019s annual investments have grown rapidly since then, doubling since 2013. Still, the venture operation represents only a tiny portion of the IFC\u2019s overall investments in development.', u'Last year, the IFC invested $17.3 billion of its own capital, including equity financing and loans, to fund infrastructure and other development projects in emerging markets. In addition, it coordinated about $5 billion in co-investments from other organizations.', u'But Jinsi argues that companies don\u2019t have to be based in emerging markets to help meet urgent needs there.', u'\u201cWe\u2019re getting more aggressive in looking at core technology markets that have relevance to our underlying markets,\u201d he said. Data provided quickly and cheaply by Planet Labs\u2019 satellites will help address a range of challenges in the developing world, from crop management to fire risk, he said, creating cascading benefits to businesses in poorer countries.', u'The IFC declined to disclose how big an ownership stake it holds in Planet Labs, and it would not say whether it will require the company - or other U.S. startups it has invested in - to meet specific goals that would benefit developing countries. Planet Labs is already working on initiatives targeting the developing world, including a partnership with the Rockefeller Foundation that uses Planet Labs\u2019 images to try to improve ecosystems and crisis response.', u'Planet Labs\u2019 chief executive Will Marshall, a former NASA scientist, said the IFC investment would help the four-year-old company find more partners in emerging economies, as well as give it more credibility.', u'\u201cThey validate us,\u201d he said.', u'Planet Labs is one of several startups aiming to harness technology that will lead to smaller, less expensive satellites and allow the deployment large networks of satellites at less risk and lower cost. The satellites now being launched by the company are a bit smaller than two cinder blocks.', u'Planet Labs has successfully launched 73 satellites, with 14 more scheduled to launch today.', u'Customers use data they acquire from Planet Labs as a platform on which to build related apps, such as tools to monitor oil levels, for example, or crop development. Existing customers include Woolpert, an Ohio-based engineering and design company, and Geoplex, a Melbourne, Australia-based mapping company.', u"In October, Planet Labs lost 26 satellites due for deployment via Orbital Sciences Corp.'s Antares rocket, which exploded into a fireball just after launch in Virginia.", u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Sue Horton)']), ([u"Nokia Close to Buying Alcatel's Mobile Networks Unit: Les Echos"], [u"PARIS \u2014  Finland's Nokia Oyj is close to a deal to buy Alcatel-Lucent's mobile networks unit to boost its core business especially in the United States and China, Les Echos newspaper reported on Monday.", u'The French business daily said an announcement could come "quickly," citing a source close to the matter. The paper said meetings between managers at the two companies had increased since January.', u'Alcatel and Nokia declined to comment.', u'Bloomberg reported later on Monday that the companies had examined a full takeover of Paris-based telecom equipment maker Alcatel, but that Nokia was more likely to buy the wireless business. (', u')', u'The unit generated sales of 4.7 billion euros ($4.97 billion) last year, or about one-third of the group total, Les Echos said.', u'The newspaper added that any deal would be closely watched by French politicians, as Alcatel was considered a strategic business.', u'The French economy ministry declined to comment.', u'A source familiar with the matter said on Friday that Nokia was considering selling its HERE maps business, which last year had net sales of around 969 million euros.', u"Analysts have seen little synergy between the unit and Nokia's mainstay network gear business, and Nokia has hired a financial adviser to explore a sale, the source said.", u"Shares of Nokia and Alcatel rose on Monday as analysts welcomed a possible sale of the Nokia unit as a likely precursor to consolidation of Alcatel's wireless business.", u'Alcatel and Nokia had held sporadic talks for years before the Finnish company sold its struggling handset business to Microsoft Corp a year ago, leaving Nokia to concentrate on developing the networks business.', u"Germany's Manager Magazin reported in December that the two companies had revived talks on a possible merger.", u'Alcatel Chief Executive Michel Combes has voiced confidence in his goal of achieving positive free cash flow by the end of this year.', u'Combes has pursued an aggressive restructuring plan including layoffs of 10,000 employees, sales of assets worth about 600 million euros, and increasing capital by 1 billion euros to shore up finances.', u"Alcatel competes with Sweden's Ericsson and China's Huawei in addition to Nokia. It has not achieved regular profit since its creation in 2006 because it is smaller in the mobile sector than rivals and faces tough competition from Chinese vendors.", u'(Reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru, James Regan and Jean-Baptiste Vey in Paris and Jussi Rosendahl in Helsinki; Editing by David Evans and Matthew Lewis)']), ([u'California Drought Renews Thirst for Desalination Plants'], [u"LOS ANGELES \u2014  California's 3-year-old drought has thrust seawater ", u' into the spotlight as San Diego County, Santa Barbara and other cities push ahead with treatment plants that will soon turn the Pacific Ocean into a source of drinking water.', u'Desalination has emerged as a newly promising technology in California in the face of a record dry spell that has forced tough new conservation measures, depleted reservoirs and raised the costs of importing fresh water from elsewhere.', u'But experts warn that converting seawater to drinking supplies remains an expensive, energy-intensive enterprise that has had mixed success in places like Australia and Florida.', u'The biggest ocean desalination plant in the Western Hemisphere, a $1 billion project under construction since 2012 on a coastal lagoon in the California city of Carlsbad, is nearly completed and due to open in November, delivering up to 50 million gallons of water a day to San Diego County.', u"That is enough to supply roughly 112,000 households, or about 10 percent of the county's drinking water needs, according to Poseidon Resources, the Connecticut-based company behind the facility.", u'Poseidon has a second seawater desalting project of similar size under development in Huntington Beach, south of Los Angeles, and is seeking a final permit to begin construction next year.', u'Meanwhile, the city of Santa Barbara is taking steps to modernize and reactivate a much smaller $34 million desalination plant built during an earlier drought but moth-balled after a trial run in 1992, when that water crisis abated.', u'With water supplies dwindling again and no relief in sight, Santa Barbara leaders are contracting with a firm to design upgrades for recommissioning its facility for $40 million. Annual operating expenses would run about $5.2 million.', u"If approved as expected in June by the City Council, the plant would open in the fall of 2016, initially delivering nearly 3 million gallons of water a day - about 30 percent of municipal demand - and ramping up capacity as needed, said Joshua Haggmark, Santa Barbara's water resources manager.", u'Another 15 to 17 seawater desalting plants are in the design or planning phase around the state, said Heather Cooley, water program director for research nonprofit Pacific Institute.', u'MORE CONSERVATION URGED AS ALTERNATIVE', u'But Cooley said the high costs of constructing and running such facilities pose challenges.', u'"There\'s a real risk in building a plant before you need it, or building it to meet a short-term need rather than a long-term need," she said, pointing to Santa Barbara\'s own experience two decades ago, as well as plants that were constructed and later idled or scaled back in Australia and Tampa Bay, Florida.', u'She said water managers should be looking at a range of measures that include increased conservation, wastewater recycling and stormwater recapture.', u'Poseidon executive Scott Maloni said desalination is not meant as an emergency drought solution but part of an answer to a chronic problem and a way to replace some water imports.', u'Critics of desalination have cited environmental drawbacks, such as harm to marine life from intake pipes that suck water into the treatment plants and the concentrated brine that gets discharged back into the ocean.', u'But advocates tout its potential for easing environmental consequences of diverting freshwater from rivers and streams and pumping it to urban centers.', u'The process of forcing seawater at high pressure through special membranes to remove salt requires large amounts of energy, which has long made it prohibitively expensive.', u'But costs of importing water have steadily risen to about the same as desalinated water, minimizing the impact on the household water bills, Haggmark said.', u'Cooley said, however, those rates are certain to go up with rising energy costs.', u'(Reporting by Steve Gorman; Editing by Cynthia Osterman)']), ([u'Iran, Israel Cooperate in Nuclear Test Detection Drills'], [u'JERUSALEM \u2014  Iran and Israel have been cooperating under the auspices of an international body set up to monitor a ban on nuclear bomb tests, its director said on Monday.', u'Negotiated in the 1990s, the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty enjoys wide global support but must be ratified by eight more nuclear technology states -- among them Israel and Iran, as well as Egypt and the United States -- to come into force.', u'In the interim, Middle East signatories have regularly held technical meetings, including in Jordan in November and December to practice detecting illicit testing.', u'"Iran took part in the drill. Egypt was part of this drill. I think all the Arab countries were represented in Jordan for this exercise," Lassina Zerbo, executive secretary of the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear Test Ban Treaty Organization (CTBTO), said during a visit to Israel.', u'"During the exercise, when we had our round-table discussions or dinner or lunches, you had Iranian experts and Israeli experts sitting at the same table," he told Reuters. "It\'s not unusual that we see that in the technological field we have people who don\'t necessarily get together politically but who find things to agree on in the scientific framework."', u'The CTBTO has established a system to detect any nuclear blasts, with more than 337 monitoring facilities in the world.', u'Among these are two seismic stations in Israel and another in Iran which, Zerbo said, has been inactive since 2006 when the international network was upgraded and sanctions on Tehran over its nuclear program made taking equipment there difficult.', u'An April 2 framework deal between Iran and world powers clears the way for a settlement to allay Western fears that Iran could build a nuclear weapon, with economic sanctions on Tehran being lifted in return.', u'Zerbo voiced hope of getting the Iranian site back on line, effectively putting Iran on the same detection grid as Israel, which accuses Tehran of harboring designs on nuclear weaponry.', u'Israel -- which is believed to be the only nuclear-armed state in the Middle East, but neither confirms nor denies this -- says it believes Iran is committed to its destruction.', u'Iran insists its nuclear projects are purely peaceful, a position Zerbo argued would be shored up by ratifying the Test Ban treaty. But, he said, "their approach is that diplomacy is always one step at a time."', u'By not signing the voluntary nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, to which Iran belongs, Israel has kept its main nuclear facilities away from foreign inspection.', u'(Editing by Jeffrey Heller and Janet Lawrence)']), ([u'Security Researchers Claim New Windows Security Weakness'], [u"SEATTLE \u2014  Computer security researchers said they have uncovered a new variation on an old weakness in Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system that could theoretically allow hackers to steal login credentials from hundreds of millions of PCs.", u"The vulnerability, named 'Redirect to SMB' by security firm Cylance, is similar to one found in the late 1990s that took advantage of a weakness in Windows and Microsoft's Internet Explorer browser which made it possible for attackers to trick Windows into signing on to a server controlled by hackers.", u"According to Cylance, if a hacker can get a Windows user to click on a bad link in an email or on a website, it can essentially hijack communications and steal sensitive information once the user's computer has logged on to the controlled sever.", u'In the latest variation of the technique, Cylance said users could be hacked without even clicking on a link, if attackers intercept automated requests to log on to a remote server issued by applications running in the background of a typical Windows machine, for example to check for software updates.', u'The attack takes advantage of features in Windows Server Message Block, commonly known as SMB. The new variation, discovered by Cylance researcher Brian Wallace, has so far only been recreated in the laboratory and has not been seen on computers in the outside world.', u'Microsoft said the threat posed by the purported weakness was not as great as Cylance supposed.', u'"Several\xa0factors\xa0would\xa0need to converge for a \'man-in-the-middle\' cyberattack to occur. Our guidance was updated in a Security Research and Defense\xa0blog\xa0in 2009, to help address potential threats of this nature," said Microsoft in an emailed statement. "There are also features in Windows, such as Extended Protection for Authentication, which enhances existing defenses for handling network connection credentials."', u'The CERT unit of the Software Engineering Institute at Carnegie Mellon University, a federally funded body which tracks computer bugs and internet security issues, issued a warning about the vulnerability on Monday.', u'It said it was unaware of a full solution to the problem, but suggested several ways of minimizing the vulnerability.', u'(Reporting by Bill Rigby; Editing by Marguerita Choy and Grant McCool)']), ([u'U.S. Firm CrowdStrike Claims Success in Deterring Chinese Hackers'], [u'COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. \u2014  U.S. cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Inc said Monday it had successfully prevented a Chinese hacker group from targeting a U.S. technology firm for the first time, offering promise for other companies facing cyber attacks.', u"Dmitri Alperovitch, co-founder and chief technology officer of CrowdStrike, told Reuters his company had observed a China-based hacker group called Hurricane Panda halt its attacks on a U.S. Internet technology firm in January, after the hackers detected CrowdStrike's presence on the company's networks.", u'Alperovitch said firms in the financial and cybersecurity sectors had shown interest because of the results.', u'The January incident occurred after CrowdStrike responded to a breach at another U.S. tech firm in April 2014 that also was traced to Hurricane Panda.', u'CrowdStrike later detected that the group was attempting to use a newly discovered Windows vulnerability, known as a "0-day" threat, to attack the firm.', u'After CrowdStrike reported this risk to Microsoft, which patched the vulnerability, the hacker group abandoned efforts to regain access to the network of the first firm, he said.', u'Alperovitch said CrowdStrike had a "high degree of confidence" that the hacker group was linked to the Chinese government, but gave no further details.', u"CrowdStrike was later hired by the second firm that the same Chinese group attempted to breach and expelled them from that company's networks, only to have them repeatedly seek to break back in, Alperovitch said.", u'He did not name either firm but said they worked in Internet infrastructure, which can include areas such as telecommunications, cloud computing and web hosting.', u"In January, Hurricane Panda managed to get a webshell onto the second company's server and executed commands to check if CrowdStrike was loaded in memory, Alperovitch said. Webshells, normally used by server administrators, are vulnerable to exploitation by hackers.", u"Once Hurricane Panda detected CrowdStrike's presence, the group exited that system and ceased further activity, he said.", u'"They realized that we had raised the cost and given the time and money wasted on the previous 0-day, decided it wasn\'t worth it," he said. "It was the first time we\'d seen that."', u'Alperovitch said the incident offered a new security plan for many U.S. firms facing attacks on their networks.', u'CrowdStrike uses a team of two dozen "expert hunters" around the world who monitor clients\' networks for signs of hackers and cyber attacks, he said. This enables them to leverage and learn from other incidents at relatively low cost.', u'(Editing by Bernadette Baum)']), ([u'SpaceX Rocket Launch, Landing Test, Delayed by Weather'], [u'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. \u2014  The launch of an unmanned SpaceX rocket - and an innovative attempt to land it on an ocean barge - were postponed on Monday due to poor weather at the Florida launch site, officials said.', u'The rocket, carrying a Dragon cargo ship bound for the International Space Station, had been slated to blast off Monday afternoon from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, located just south of NASA\u2019s Kennedy Space Center.', u'Thick clouds and nearby rain showers scuttled the launch less than three minutes before liftoff. The flight was rescheduled for 4:10 p.m. on Tuesday.', u'Once the rocket dispatches its upper-stage and Dragon capsule, it is programmed to flip around, fire engines to steer its descent and deploy landing legs to touch down on a customized barge stationed about 200 miles (322 km) off the coast of Jacksonville, Florida.', u'At a prelaunch press conference on Sunday, SpaceX Vice President Hans Koenigsmann put the odds of a successful landing at 75 or 80 percent.', u'During a previous landing attempt in January, the rocket ran out of hydraulic fluid for its steering fins, causing it to crash into the platform.', u'A second attempt in February was called off because of high seas, but the rocket successfully ran through its pre-programmed landing sequence and hovered vertically above the waves before splashing down and breaking apart.', u'\u201cIt looks right now like weather is significantly better. We did also upgrade the drone ship so it can keep position better,\u201d Koenigsmann said.', u'After demonstrating a successful ocean landing, SpaceX intends to bring its rockets back to a landing pad at the launch site so the boosters can be refurbished and reflown, slashing launch costs.', u'\u201cIt\u2019s a long-term goal,\u201d Koenigsmann said.', u'The primary purpose of the flight, the 16th of a Falcon 9 rocket, is to deliver more than 4,300 pounds of food, clothing, equipment - including an Italian-made espresso machine - and science experiments to the station, a $100 billion research laboratory that flies about 260 miles (418 km) above Earth.', u'SpaceX is one of two companies hired by NASA to fly cargo to the station following the retirement of the space shuttles. In addition to a recently extended 15-flight NASA contract, worth more than $2 billion, SpaceX is working on a passenger version of the Dragon capsule and has dozens of contracts to put commercial communications satellites into orbit.', u'The company also is working on a heavy-lift version of the Falcon rocket, which uses 27 engines, compared with the nine currently flying. The Falcon Heavy is expected to make its first test flight late this year.', u'(Editing by Eric Walsh, David Adams and Dan Grebler)']), ([u'Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say'], [u'(Reuters) - Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said.', u'In a report released on Monday, FireEye said the cyber espionage operations dated back to at least 2005 and "focused on targets - government and commercial - who hold key political, economic and military information about the region."', u'"Such a sustained, planned development effort coupled with the (hacking) group\'s regional targets and mission, lead us to believe that this activity is state-sponsored - most likely the Chinese government," the report\'s authors said.', u'Bryce Boland, Chief Technology Officer for Asia Pacific at FireEye and co-author of the report, said the attack was still ongoing, noting that the servers the attackers used were still operational, and that FireEye continued to see attacks against its customers, who number among the targets.', u"Reuters couldn't independently confirm any of the assertions made in the report.", u'China has always denied accusations that it uses the Internet to spy on governments, organizations and companies.', u'Asked about the FireEye report on Monday, foreign ministry spokesman Hong Lei said: "I want to stress that the Chinese government resolutely bans and cracks down on any hacking acts. This position is clear and consistent. Hacking attacks are a joint problem faced by the international community and need to be dealt with cooperatively rather than via mutual censure."', u"The Cyberspace Administration of China, the Internet regulator, didn't immediately respond to written requests for comment.", u'China has been accused before of targeting countries in South and Southeast Asia. In 2011, researchers from McAfee reported a campaign dubbed Shady Rat which attacked Asian governments and institutions, among other targets.', u'Efforts by the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) to build cyber defenses have been sporadic. While ASEAN has long acknowledged its importance, "very little has come of this discourse," said Miguel Gomez, a researcher at De La Salle University in the Philippines.', u'The problem is not new: Singapore has reported sophisticated cyber-espionage attacks on civil servants in several ministries dating back to 2004.', u'UNDETECTED', u'The campaign described by FireEye differs from other such operations mostly in its scale and longevity, Boland said.', u"He said the group appeared to include at least two software developers. The report did not offer other indications of the possible size of the group or where it's based.", u'The group remained undetected for so long it was able to re-use methods and malware dating back to 2005, and developed its own system to manage and prioritize attacks, even organizing shifts to cope with the workload and different languages of its targets, Boland told Reuters.', u'The attackers focused not only on governments, but on ASEAN itself, as well as corporations and journalists interested in China. Other targets included Indian or Southeast Asian-based companies in sectors such as construction, energy, transport, telecommunications and aviation, FireEye says.', u'Mostly they sought to gain access by sending so-called phishing emails to targets purported to come from colleagues or trusted sources, and containing documents relevant to their interests.', u'Boland said it wasn\'t possible to gauge the damage done as it had taken place over such a long period, but he said the impact could be "massive". "Without being able to detect it, there\'s no way these agencies can work out what the impacts are. They don\'t know what has been stolen."', u'Pornchai Rujiprapa, Minister of Information and Communication Technology for ASEAN member Thailand, said the government was proposing a new law to combat cyber attacks as existing legislation was outdated.', u'"So far we haven\'t found any attack so big it threatens national security, but we are concerned if there is any in the future. That\'s why we need a new law to handle it," he told Reuters.', u'(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard in BEIJING and Pracha Hariraksapitak in BANGKOK; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers.', u'Her tweet announcing her candidacy notched almost 90,000 retweets by the end of the day Sunday, her campaign video more than 1 million views on YouTube, and her Facebook campaign page almost 500,000 likes.', u'Impressive, marketing strategists say, although she did create one or two chinks for Republicans to chisel at.', u'Her 138-second campaign video featured everyday Americans amid milestones such as starting a business or having a baby, with Clinton first appearing a full 90 seconds in. It broke a million views on Facebook by Sunday evening.', u'"It\'s less "me" and more "us," which I think is very smart," said Marissa Gluck, a director at marketing firm Huge.', u'That\'s a really "big difference in tone, ego and professionalism compared to rollout videos from Rand Paul and (Ted) Cruz," said Josh Cook, a former Obama digital director and vice president of digital engagement for the political consulting firm, BerlinRosen, referring to Republican presidential hopefuls.', u'But Republicans pushed back hard and fast.', u'Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz\xa0of Texas responded to the "ready for Hillary" message in\xa0a crudely cut video asking if Americans wanted "a third Obama term."', u'A Google search for "Hillary Clinton for President" resulted in an ad for Hillary\'s campaign page, but just below it was an ad for "Pledge to Stop Hillary," a Republican-created petition.', u"The Twitter hashtag, or classification label, #whyimnotvotingforHillary caught on fast, but Clinton's campaign made little effort to respond to those tweets, a mistake, said Gretchen Fox, co-founder of social strategy agency [mto].", u'Jared Levy, founder of the marketing agency Guru Media who worked to engage young minority voters in the Obama for America campaign, called Clinton\'s social media rollout "lackluster."', u'She missed "a huge opportunity to have an organized campaign with influential supporters and advocates all rallying and empowered," he said.', u"But Michael Cornfield, a political scientist at George Washington University in Washington DC, said Clinton's first-day social media ripple doesn't matter as much as it does for the other presidential candidates, mostly because of Clinton's strong name recognition.", u'What she does need social media for is establishing a distinctive message, he said, and as a way to measure the effectiveness of her key phrases, themes, and images.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Ryan Woo)']), ([u'Florida Artist Claims Apple Stole His Style'], [u'MIAMI \u2014  A Miami artist whose work has been used in Coca-Cola, Disney and Mattel advertisements is suing Apple Inc. claiming the California-based technology giant copied his signature bold bright colors and cartoony figures in a recent marketing campaign.', u'The lawsuit, filed on April 6 in the Southern District of Florida, claims Apple and its design firm mirrored Brazilian-born Romero Britto\u2019s style in artwork used in Apple\u2019s \u201cStart Something New\u201d campaign.', u"Apple's work features a rainbow-colored hand emitting multicolor wisps of smoke on its website and at retail locations across the world, according to the lawsuit.", u'\u201cI came across them in Las Vegas in late January, and then in China three weeks later,\u201d said Britto\u2019s lawyer Robert Zarco.', u'The suit demands Apple and the design firm Craig & Karl immediately cease using the images.', u'Britto\u2019s \u201cdistinctive style of artwork has become so famous and pervasive as to constitute a distinctive trade dress that identifies the highly-coveted lifestyle brand,\u201d the complaint said.', u'A monetary demand has yet to be filed, however \u201cthe amount is going to be in the millions of dollars,\u201d Zarco added.', u'A spokesman for Apple and Craig & Karl - designers Craig Redman of New York and Karl Maier of London - couldn\u2019t immediately be reached for comment.', u'Britto\u2019s vivid work is featured across Miami where it has made its way onto tourist and lifestyle goods that have been disbursed across the world. His art has been printed on the Florida lottery tickets, Barbie dolls, and baby strollers.', u'Britto was born in 1963 in the Pernambuco region of Brazil and later immigrated to Miami with his family. He opened his main gallery on Miami Beach\u2019s Lincoln Road in 1993 as the outdoor mall was on the verge of becoming a worldwide tourist attraction.', u'The case in the Southern District of Florida is Britto Central, Inc. v. Redman et al, case number 1:15-cv-21320', u'(Editing by David Adams)']), ([u'Amazon, Google and More Are Drawn to Home Services Market'], [u'The installation of Deborah David\u2019s new kitchen faucet was a $145 job. But it lies at the heart of an expanding $400 billion commercial war.', u'Some of the biggest names in e-commerce, along with a growing pool of start-ups, are vying for a chunk of the fragmented and heretofore entirely local market of electricians, plumbers, dog walkers and other manual labor, known broadly as home services.', u'The work may be mundane but the money and stakes are huge. Angie\u2019s List, the 20-year-old subscription service that offers reviews of local service providers to members, estimates the home services industry is $400 billion. Others put it at more than $800 billion.', u'\u201cThere are few pots of gold left as big as this on the Internet,\u201d said Marco Zappacosta, chief executive and a co-founder of Thumbtack, a start-up that connects consumers with providers of a multitude of services, who then bid for their business.', u'The idea is to bring the efficiency and capabilities of the web to some of the lowest-tech and least transparent enterprises by connecting consumers with vetted service providers through online marketplaces. Most companies will then take a cut of each transaction that ensues.', u'Last summer, Thumbtack received a big lift with a $100 million investment from Google Capital. Now, ', u' is exploring entering the same business itself. How Thumbtack fits into those plans is unclear, Mr. Zappacosta said.', u'Other start-ups, like ', u', Porch and Redbeacon, are creating similar online marketplaces. Angie\u2019s List, meanwhile, is elevating its game \u2014 last year it introduced a mobile app, called SnapFix, that lets a homeowner take a photo of, say, a broken screen door and receive bids to fix it.', u'The efforts shuddered last month when ', u' announced it was starting ', u' Home Services, which provides consumers with a list of vetted and insured professionals to do things like mount a new television. Price quotes and scheduling are available during the checkout process. Jeff Bezos, Amazon\u2019s founder and chief executive, had already invested in ', u', and Amazon is working in partnership with TaskRabbit, another player.', u'Already, said Peter Faricy, vice president of Amazon Marketplace, the company has 2.4 million serve offers covering more 700 types of services. \u201cI can tell you that with 85 million customers purchasing products from Amazon that needed installation or assembly, customers have told us that Amazon Home Services fills an important need,\u201d he said.', u'Of course, this is not just about building your cat tree or mounting your TV.', u'For Amazon it is another step toward becoming the conduit through which we buy everything, not just goods but services and entertainment as well.', u'\u201cI think it is definitely a very smart move for them,\u201d said Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research.', u'For ', u', where a spokesman said the effort was still in early stages, it is a chance to move beyond the advertising dollar to become part of the transaction itself, and to challenge Amazon more directly, as it is already trying with shopping and delivery services like Google Express.', u'\u201cA lot of commerce begins with Google and has for the last decade,\u201d said Arun Sundararajan, a professor at the New York University Stern School of Business. \u201cThey have converted this into an incredibly profitable advertising business. But I\u2019ve seen them make steps to get closer to the actual retail process.\u201d', u'Still, challenges loom large, and Ms. Mulpuru noted that it had been hard for start-ups to get traction. \u201cOther than Angie\u2019s List, there really hasn\u2019t been, I think, a true competitive player in this space.\u201d', u'In the case of Ms. David\u2019s faucet, Amazon got the business \u2014 as it has with so many of her transactions over the years. In fact, the company\u2019s playbook unfolded perfectly in her situation.', u'When Ms. David discovered her faucet was leaking, she did what many in her situation would, she used Google to search for plumbers in her area. This would be Google\u2019s opportunity to come in and facilitate the transaction, analysts say. She found recommendations on Yelp and in New York magazine. She made calls, left voice mail, waited, and eventually spoke to a plumber who gave her a convoluted price estimate, she said.', u'She decided to forget about fixing the faucet and buy a new one instead. Being an Amazon Prime member, she knew where to turn.', u'After selecting a faucet on Amazon.com, she noticed a little icon offering installation services. She clicked and a small list of businesses and prices came up. She chose one, clicked and received a choice of times.', u'\u201cI thought, O.K., Amazon stands behind this,\u201d Ms. David said.', u'The technician came to her home at the appointed time and did the work smoothly and professionally, she said.', u'\u201cAll these websites now say we want you to be delighted. I always think that\u2019s ridiculous,\u201d she said. \u201cWell, this is the first time I can say I am delighted. It was just a thoroughly pleasant experience.\u201d', u'Ms. David estimates she orders all manner of goods from Amazon a couple of times a week. So it was not a big stretch to buy a service through the company, too. And that is what Amazon is counting on.', u'The other party in this transaction ', u', a little company that provides an array of home services to residents of the five boroughs of New York City. It was the company Ms. David chose to install her faucet.', u'Matt Feldman, an entrepreneur whose last venture was a video company, founded Homlux a year ago. He got a call out of the blue a couple of months ago from an Amazon representative who said his customer reviews made him eligible to apply for the company\u2019s new home services program. After supplying insurance and other documentation and making employees available for background checks, Homlux was selected.', u'The experience has upended his business, forcing him to cut his price for some services, like mounting TVs, in half to compete with other Amazon-backed providers. (Ms. David chose Homlux largely because it offered the lowest price.) But that, in turn, has brought in so much new business that it has been hard to keep up, Mr. Feldman said.', u'\u201cI look at it as an opportunity \u2014 it\u2019s Amazon,\u201d he said. But he added: \u201cI would say it\u2019s early days still. We are trying to make it work. It\u2019s a little difficult adjusting with the new prices, but there\u2019s definitely volume there. We\u2019re interested, but a little nervous about the low prices.\u201d', u'Amazon also takes a cut of each transaction, 20 percent for a TV mounting job, for example.', u'Meanwhile, the offerings are veering away from the everyday and into the wacky. Amazon\u2019s \u201cother services\u201d section lists goat grazing and \u201csilk aerialist.\u201d', u'\u201cAmazon is always focused on having the widest selection on earth,\u201d Mr. Faricy said, \u201cand we will do the same with services.\u201d']), ([u'Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say'], [u'(Reuters) - Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said.', u'In a report released on Monday, FireEye said the cyber espionage operations dated back to at least 2005 and "focused on targets - government and commercial - who hold key political, economic and military information about the region."', u'"Such a sustained, planned development effort coupled with the (hacking) group\'s regional targets and mission, lead us to believe that this activity is state-sponsored - most likely the Chinese government," the report\'s authors said.', u'Bryce Boland, Chief Technology Officer for Asia Pacific at FireEye and co-author of the report, said the attack was still ongoing, noting that the servers the attackers used were still operational, and that FireEye continued to see attacks against its customers, who number among the targets.', u"Reuters couldn't independently confirm any of the assertions made in the report.", u'China has always denied accusations that it uses the Internet to spy on governments, organizations and companies. Neither the Foreign Ministry nor the Cyberspace Administration of China, the Internet regulator, immediately responded to written requests for comment on the FireEye report on Monday.', u'China has been accused before of targeting countries in South and Southeast Asia. In 2011, researchers from McAfee reported a campaign dubbed Shady Rat which attacked Asian governments and institutions, among other targets.', u'Efforts by the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) to build cyber defenses have been sporadic. While ASEAN has long acknowledged its importance, "very little has come of this discourse," said Miguel Gomez, a researcher at De La Salle University in the Philippines.', u'The problem is not new: Singapore has reported sophisticated cyber-espionage attacks on civil servants in several ministries dating back to 2004.', u'UNDETECTED', u'The campaign described by FireEye differs from other such operations mostly in its scale and longevity, Boland said.', u"He said the group appeared to include at least two software developers. The report did not offer other indications of the possible size of the group or where it's based.", u'The group remained undetected for so long it was able to re-use methods and malware dating back to 2005, and developed its own system to manage and prioritize attacks, even organizing shifts to cope with the workload and different languages of its targets, Boland told Reuters.', u'The attackers focused not only on governments, but on ASEAN itself, as well as corporations and journalists interested in China. Other targets included Indian or Southeast Asian-based companies in sectors such as construction, energy, transport, telecommunications and aviation, FireEye says.', u'Mostly they sought to gain access by sending so-called phishing emails to targets purported to come from colleagues or trusted sources, and containing documents relevant to their interests.', u'Boland said it wasn\'t possible to gauge the damage done as it had taken place over such a long period, but he said the impact could be "massive".', u'"Without being able to detect it, there\'s no way these agencies can work out what the impacts are. They don\'t know what has been stolen."', u'(Additional reporting by Ben Blanchard; Editing by Miyoung Kim and Ian Geoghegan)']), ([u'Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch'], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers.', u'Her tweet announcing her candidacy notched almost 90,000 retweets by the end of the day Sunday, her campaign video more than 1 million views on YouTube, and her Facebook campaign page almost 500,000 likes.', u'Impressive, marketing strategists say, although she did create one or two chinks for Republicans to chisel at.', u'Her 138-second campaign video featured everyday Americans amid milestones such as starting a business or having a baby, with Clinton first appearing a full 90 seconds in. It broke a million views on Facebook by Sunday evening.', u'"It\'s less "me" and more "us," which I think is very smart," said Marissa Gluck, a director at marketing firm Huge.', u'That\'s a really "big difference in tone, ego and professionalism compared to rollout videos from Rand Paul and (Ted) Cruz," said Josh Cook, a former Obama digital director and vice president of digital engagement for the political consulting firm, BerlinRosen, referring to Republican presidential hopefuls.', u'But Republicans pushed back hard and fast.', u'Republican presidential contender Ted Cruz\xa0of Texas responded to the "ready for Hillary" message in\xa0a crudely cut video asking if Americans wanted "a third Obama term."', u'A Google search for "Hillary Clinton for President" resulted in an ad for Hillary\'s campaign page, but just below it was an ad for "Pledge to Stop Hillary," a Republican-created petition.', u"The Twitter hashtag, or classification label, #whyimnotvotingforHillary caught on fast, but Clinton's campaign made little effort to respond to those tweets, a mistake, said Gretchen Fox, co-founder of social strategy agency [mto].", u'Jared Levy, founder of the marketing agency Guru Media who worked to engage young minority voters in the Obama for America campaign, called Clinton\'s social media rollout "lackluster."', u'She missed "a huge opportunity to have an organized campaign with influential supporters and advocates all rallying and empowered," he said.', u"But Michael Cornfield, a political scientist at George Washington University in Washington DC, said Clinton's first-day social media ripple doesn't matter as much as it does for the other presidential candidates, mostly because of Clinton's strong name recognition.", u'What she does need social media for is establishing a distinctive message, he said, and as a way to measure the effectiveness of her key phrases, themes, and images.', u'(Reporting by Sarah McBride; Editing by Ryan Woo)']), ([u"Germany's Kuka Open to More Purchases After Swisslog Deal: Welt Am Sonntag"], [u'BERLIN \u2014  German industrial robot maker Kuka is open to further purchases after acquiring Swiss logistics group Swisslog last year, Welt am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Till Reuter.', u'"If it makes sense and we find an appropriate target, we can and will strike to improve our position," Reuter was quoted as saying in an interview published on Sunday.', u'Kuka, whose customers include automakers Volkswagen and Daimler, sees potential to boost sales to as much as 4.5 billion euros ($4.77 billion) by 2020 from an estimated 2.8 billion this year, the newspaper quoted the CEO as saying, citing opportunities for growth in new areas including hospital services.', u'The company is planning a second factory in China and to double sales there within three years to 600 million euros, Reuter told Welt am Sonntag.', u'(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Andrew Heavens)']), ([u'Siemens CEO Says Russia Sales Have Halved: Newspaper'], [u"BERLIN \u2014  German industrial group Siemens has seen sales in Russia plunge by about half due to the country's economic demise, Bild am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Joe Kaeser.", u"Automakers and other companies have been making cuts in Russia in response to effects of the weak rouble, which has been hammered by low oil prices, and Western sanctions imposed over Moscow's role in the Ukraine crisis.", u'"What\'s clear is that business in Russia has taken a strong hit in general and ours has declined by about half," Kaeser was quoted as saying in an interview published by the newspaper on Sunday, without being more specific.', u'A senior Siemens source told Reuters last month the Munich-based company was on track to stick to full-year forecasts when it reports quarterly results in May, even as problems at its energy business continue to weigh on earnings.', u'(Reporting by Andreas Cremer; Editing by Andrew Heavens)']), ([u'Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size \u2014 there are 54 possible configurations in all.', u'Most models come in two sizes, 38 millimeters and 42 millimeters, as measured by the height of the watch face. The larger one costs $50 more in most cases. For a few of the bands, only one size is available.', u'There are three lines to choose from:', u'\u2014 The cheapest is a "Sport" version with an aluminum case. You can get it with a silver case and choose a white, blue, green or pink band made of synthetic rubber. Or get a gray case with a black band. The smaller version costs $349, and the large one is $399. That\'s 10 configurations \u2014 five bands, each in two sizes.', u'\u2014 The regular version has a stainless steel case. The cheapest has the same band as the Sport version, except the clasp is also stainless steel to match. You choose white or black and pay $549 for the smaller model and $599 for large. Fancier bands are available \u2014 three different leather bands, a link bracelet or a Milanese loop. Prices go as high as $1,099 for a large watch with a stainless steel link bracelet. There are 20 official configurations, but once you factor in some leather bands coming in two or three sizes, you have 32 options to choose from.', u"\u2014 Edition is the luxury line with cases made of 18-karat gold alloy. It's $10,000 for a small version with the white or black band that comes with Sport models, with gold clasps to match. The large one costs $12,000. You can get a leather band for $15,000 or $17,000, again with matching gold. There are officially eight luxury configurations, or 12 if you count band sizes as choices.", u'Apple is also selling bands separately for those who like to swap designs. Prices range from $49 for the basic sport band to $449 for a link bracelet.', u'To help you choose, Apple has plenty of videos on its website and Apple Store and Apple Watch apps. The Apple Store app also has sizing guides, images of the watch cases in actual size and animation of buckles and clasps, which you can open and close by pinching in and out.']), ([u'Review: Many Choices, Indecision With Apple Watch'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Of the 13 Apple Watch models I tried over two sessions, the one I liked most cost $15,000.', u"Oops \u2014 where's my raise?", u"Both sessions at the Apple store began with indecision: What size do I want? Which band do I prefer? I didn't have good answers as my Apple Watch try-on visits started \u2014 at first modestly, with models that cost about the same as an iPhone.", u'The try-on session typically begins with making an appointment online. If you\'re looking for a luxury "Edition" made of 18-karat gold alloy, you specify that. Only some stores offer those, including the one I visited on New York\'s Upper West Side. I bypassed the appointments because Apple\'s media reps in Cupertino, California, had arranged my sessions. Stores will try to accommodate walk-ins, but appointments are encouraged.', u"As someone who can't decide what to eat for lunch, I expected to be told which watch I wanted. Sensing my indecision, the employees in both cases picked one just to get started.", u'I began with a smaller version of the stainless steel case, with a brown leather band called Modern Buckle ($749). The band looks like a leather strap you buckle, but has magnetic clasps. It felt loose, even at the tightest setting. I was told not every band is going to fit every wrist.', u'I then tried a large stainless steel case with a black leather loop ($699) \u2014 also clasped magnetically, but without the holes you normally see with a buckle. The band comes in two sizes, but only the large one was available for trying. It was too long.', u"It turns out stores don't have all 54 configurations available for trying out. Most stations have 18 watches to choose from, locked in a drawer that requires a tap from the employee's security device. You get a feel, but not necessarily in your color or length.", u'I tried the Modern Buckle again, this time in black. Still loose. That was followed by large and small cases with a classic buckle. The fit was much better. I also tried models with a synthetic-rubber sports band and a stainless steel link bracelet.', u"Bands are easily interchangeable by pressing a release button, and some are sold separately. I can use the sports band for running and a classic buckle for regular wear. Likewise, individual links on the bracelet can be removed without special tools. But the try-on visits aren't set up for that. Nor are they set up for lefties; everything will appear upside down in the watches' demonstration mode. You can change that \u2014 once you buy it.", u'I returned several hours later to meet with an Edition specialist.', u"I wasn't feted with chocolate and champagne, but I did get a more personalized experience. You're taken to a private room in some stores, but mine didn't have one, so luxury appointments are done on the main floor, to the side.", u"As the specialist assisted me, another employee went into a backroom to bring out specific models on request \u2014 in nice boxes that give the watch a luxury feel, while doubling as a charger (there's a charging port in the back). The process wasn't as quick as I expected, but what's the rush when you're ready to spend $10,000 to $17,000?", u'I tried one with a blue classic leather buckle ($15,000) and another with a white sports band ($12,000). The synthetic-rubber sports band looked out of place on a case made of gold alloy, but the gold clasp matches. Likewise, the metal on the buckle straps are also gold to match.', u"I tried four others from non-luxury lines. One also had a classic buckle to get a feel for the difference in weight. At 69 grams, or 2.4 ounces, the gold model I tried is 38 percent heavier than stainless steel. I didn't notice it, though, until someone pointed it out.", u"Apple does offer six configurations for $17,000, but my specialist says they are designed for women. The $15,000 blue buckle I tried was one of the two priciest for men. It fits nicely on my wrist and looks sharp \u2014 possibly because it just feels rich. I'm sure the other ones will work just fine, including the cheapest ones at $349 for the small case and $399 for large.", u'So which of the others to choose?', u'Urgh. Indecision.']), ([u'U.S. Patent Office Revokes Key Elements of Controversial Podcasting Patent'], [u"(Reuters) - The U.S. Patent Office on Friday revoked key elements of a Texas company's patent, which the firm deployed in high-profile legal actions to claim ownership over a method for distributing podcasts and video episodes on the Internet.", u"Personal Audio LLC has drawn criticism for demanding licensing fees under its  patent protections, which detractors like podcasters say threatens to undermine the widely used means of placing content online and were not the firm's innovations.", u'The decision by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office represents a victory for the San Francisco-based Electronic Frontier Foundation, which in 2013 filed a petition to have elements of the so-called podcasting patent invalidated.', u"It also could bolster media companies such as CBS Corp, which last year lost a $1.3 million judgment when a federal jury in Texas found the broadcaster infringed on Personal Audio's patent because of how CBS had placed television episodes on a website for online viewing.", u'Personal Audio in 1996 applied for a patent for a personal audio device, and in 2009 expanded that filing by claiming to have developed a concept for posting audio and video episodes to a regularly updated website, said Daniel Nazer, staff attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation.', u'The company later sought licensing fees from podcasters, including comedian Adam Carolla, before bringing its claims against more deep-pocketed broadcasters such as CBS, Nazer said.', u'In its decision on Friday, a U.S. Patent Office board found the Electronic Frontier Foundation had "shown by a preponderance of the evidence" that Personal Audio\'s disputed patent claims for episodic content were in fact "unpatentable."', u'A representative for Personal Audio could not be reached for comment late on Friday.', u'The Electronic Frontier Foundation, in arguing before the U.S. Patent Office, had cited examples of media entities CNN and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation placing episodic content online before 1996 in ways that Personal Audio later claimed to have developed as a patented method, Nazer said.', u'"This is a patent on updating a Web page, when you really look at it, it\'s a patent on updating a table of contents where some of the links could go to media files," Nazer said. "This is not the kind of thing that should have been patentable and it certainly wasn\'t new, even in 1996."', u'Personal Audio could appeal the U.S. Patent Office decision by taking the case to federal court, Nazer said.', u'(Reporting by Alex Dobuzinskis in Los Angeles; Editing by Curtis Skinner)']), ([u'Netflix Seeks to Raise Share Authorization in Step to Stock Split'], [u'(Reuters) - Netflix Inc is seeking to increase its share authorization by nearly 30 times, the video streaming service said in a filing with regulators.', u'The company is seeking shareholder approval to increase the number of shares authorized to 5 billion from the current 170 million, a regulatory filing showed.', u'The move by Los Gatos, California-based Netflix, whose stock has traded at above $300 for a year-and-a-half, indicates a first step toward a possible stock split.', u'Netflix, whose shares closed at $454.57 on Friday on the Nasdaq, was not immediately available for comment.', u'(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru. Editing by Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Online Excitement but No Long Lines for Apple Watch Debut'], [u'PALO ALTO, Calif. \u2014  An online rush replaced the traditional overnight queues outside Apple stores Friday as the iconic tech company began taking orders and letting shoppers get their hands on its much-vaunted smartwatch for the first time.', u"Eager customers placed online orders for the Apple Watch as soon as Apple's website began accepting them, shortly after midnight Pacific Time. Within half an hour, the company appeared to sell out the initial batch of watches that were available for the first official day of shipping on April 24. By midmorning, Apple's website was showing the earliest shipping date for many watch models would be in June or later.", u"Demand was difficult to gauge, since Apple hasn't said how many watches were available for shipping in the first wave on April 24. And in contrast with earlier releases of new Apple products, there were no big lines of shoppers waiting all night outside the company's retail stores.", u"That's because Apple encouraged customers to make appointments for a 15-minute opportunity to try on different models \u2014 which are priced starting at $349 and go up to $17,000 for a luxury edition \u2014 while specially trained employees explained their features. Apple is only accepting orders online, for now.", u'But the debut still came with some of the anticipation and marketing sizzle for which Apple Inc. is famous.', u"Apple retail staffers in New York, Atlanta and other cities clapped and cheered as the first customers streamed through their stores' signature glass doors just before 10 a.m. Eager shoppers also examined the watch at shops in London, Shanghai and Tokyo.", u"Student Victor Leung was grinning from ear to ear after finishing his watch appointment and placing his order for a lower-priced sport model at the Apple store on New York's 5th Avenue. He said he'd been waiting eagerly for the opportunity to buy one.", u'"It\'s awesome," Leung said. "You get texts on your watch, make phone calls." While he has tried other smartwatches, he thinks "Apple is different."', u'Despite Leung\'s enthusiasm, analysts said Apple may have good reasons to sell the watch through pre-orders and appointments. Online ordering should help Apple manage its inventory and manufacturing. The try-on visits should help ensure that early buyers know what to expect and how to use the watch, said Carolina Milanesi, a tech analyst at Kantar Worldpanel. She said that could build positive "word of mouth" recommendations.', u"And some analysts said the lag time in shipping may help build anticipation while the company works to convince other customers \u2014 those who aren't early tech adopters \u2014 why they should want this new category of gadget.", u'"Our view is it\'s going to take time for the consumer to adopt wearable technology," said Angelo Zino, analyst at S&P Capital IQ.', u'"We\'re very positive on the long-term trends for wearables and we think Apple is going to be a clear leader in the category," Zino said this week. But he added, "We think initial sales are going to be below expectations."', u"Apple, which is based in Cupertino, California, hasn't offered any estimates, but some analysts have predicted the company could sell 10 million to 20 million watches this year. By comparison, it sold more than 10 million of its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in the first weekend they were available last September, and a record total of 74.5 million iPhones in the fourth quarter last year.", u'Some shoppers needed no convincing on Friday. Jack Weber, a retired University of Virginia professor, said he woke up at 3 a.m. to order a $1,000 stainless steel Apple Watch online. He and his wife, Carol, were first in line for a 9 a.m. appointment to see the watches at a New York Apple store.', u"Carol Weber tried on a $15,000, 18-karat gold model that Jack thought would be nice to buy for their upcoming 50th anniversary. Carol also liked the steel, though, since it would go with her white gold wedding ring. She said she hasn't decided which to get yet, but is leaning toward both.", u'___', u'AP writers Anick Jesdanun, Barbara Ortutay reported from New York, Kathleen Foody from Atlanta, Sylvia Hui from London, Noriko Kitano from Tokyo and Fu Ting from Shanghai.']), ([u'Apple in Talks With Musicians for Exclusive Streaming Deals: Bloomberg'], [u'(Reuters) - Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including British band Florence and the Machine, in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.', u'The company is in talks with Florence and the Machine to give Apple limited streaming rights to a track from their album set to be released in June, Bloomberg said.', u'Apple has also approached Taylor Swift and others about partnerships, the report said.', u'Apple declined to comment.', u'Beats Music will be re-launched in coming months. There will be a $9.99-a-month subscription for individuals and a family plan for $14.99, according to sources, Bloomberg said.', u"Music streaming service Tidal, launched last month by rapper Jay Z, is also trying to convince artists to sign exclusive deals for their content, to fend off competition from services such as Spotify and Google Inc's YouTube.", u'Apple bought audio equipment and music streaming company Beats for about $3 billion in May 2014, hoping to catch up in fast-growing music streaming industry.', u'(Reporting by Yashaswini Swamynathan in Bengaluru; Editing by Ken Wills)']), ([u'Earthquake Warning on Your Smartphone? There Could Be an App for That'], [u'LONDON (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Countries looking for cheap earthquake warning systems might want to try apps and smartphones after scientists discovered that smartphones could be used as an affordable alternative to sophisticated earthquake monitoring networks.', u"The Global Positioning Systems (GPS) in smartphones could detect earthquakes and trigger warnings seconds before the strongest waves from the quake begin, researchers wrote in Friday's American-based journal Science Advances.", u'"Most of the world does not receive earthquake warnings, mainly due to the cost of building the necessary scientific monitoring networks," said Benjamin Brooks, USGS geophysicist and project lead.', u'Although many parts of the world are prone to earthquakes, systems that detect the start of an earthquake and send warnings to people before they feel the ground shaking are operating in only a few regions, including Japan and Mexico.', u'GPS receivers in smartphones, though less accurate than the scientific-grade equipment, could detect medium to large  earthquakes like the 7.0 magnitude quake that rocked Haiti in 2010, killing more than 200,000 people.', u'After analyzing the 2011 Japan earthquake and tsunami, the researchers concluded that lives could have been saved if GPS data had been used to send warnings before seismic waves reached Tokyo and before the deadly tsunami wave reached the shore.', u'"The speed of an electronic warning travels faster than the earthquake shaking does," said Craig Glennie, one of the authors of the report and a professor at the University of Houston.', u'The researchers found that data gathered from fewer than 5,000 smartphones in a metropolitan area could be analyzed fast enough to issue a warning for people further away from the epicenter and potentially save lives.', u"The researchers didn't specify if smartphone users would receive warnings through messages, calls or applications.", u'"Crowd-sourced data are less precise (than high-quality networks), but for larger earthquakes ... they contain enough information to detect that an earthquake has occurred, information necessary for early warning," Susan Owen, co-author of the study, said in a statement.', u'The U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID) has already agreed to test a pilot warning system comprising smartphone sensors and scientific-grade sensors along the Chilean coast.', u'(Reporting By Magdalena Mis; Editing by Tim Pearce)']), ([u'Daimler Trucks to Launch Software Services Push'], [u'STUTTGART, Germany \u2014  Daimler is preparing to expand and upgrade its software services to freight operators, the head of its trucks division said, in a move designed to ensure that big customers stick with its vehicle brands.', u'After more than a century of earning money by bashing metal, vehicle makers are looking for new revenue from connected services, which can make vehicles safer and more efficient. For large truck fleets, that can mean big savings.', u'"We\'re aiming for a major product drive which goes way beyond what we have right now," Wolfgang Bernhard said in a recent interview at Daimler Trucks headquarters in Stuttgart.', u'Daimler will expand the digital business by adding new services while rolling out current U.S. products in Europe and vice-versa, Bernhard said.', u'The German manufacturer sees digital services boosting vehicle sales rather than becoming a new profit center in their own right.', u'"I don\'t believe (we) will be making big amounts of money," Bernhard said.', u'But effective digital tools can significantly improve customer loyalty, he believes, making it harder for large clients to defect to a rival manufacturer.', u'"You create exit barriers for your customers," Bernhard said. As a fleet operator running Daimler\'s tools, he predicted, "you will be so deep in the web that removing yourself will be a very painful exercise."', u"Daimler, German rival Volkswagen  and Sweden's Volvo are battling for leadership of the truck market.", u'SPEED AND BRAKING', u'Existing Daimler products include Fleetboard, launched in 2000. The software gathers data such as average speed and braking behavior, allowing freight operators to analyze driving styles and ultimately save 10-15 percent on fuel, Daimler says.', u'The package also includes competitive fuel-efficiency rankings among drivers -- which can then be used in job applications or to cut insurance premiums on their vehicles.', u'U.S. customers use Detroit Connect Virtual Technician to handle maintenance and repairs remotely. The service catches engine faults early and can locate the nearest spare parts. Users reported a 6 percent gain in on-the-road time and a 20 percent cut in repair costs.', u'Daimler began charging clients to use Fleetboard in 2002 as its use caught on. The software is currently priced between 30 to 100 euros ($32-105) per month per vehicle.', u'Demand for digital applications has also forced the company to adopt a less hierarchical approach to suppliers and third-party services it may potentially want to offer clients.', u'"We as Daimler Trucks will not be the kingpin," Bernhard said. "It is more of a network approach - it\'s a completely different mindset."', u'(Reporting by Laurence Frost; Editing by Keith Weir)']), ([u'Nokia Explores Sale of Map Business, Source Says'], [u'NEW YORK/HELSINKI \u2014  Nokia is considering selling its maps business known as HERE, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday, pushing up shares in the Finnish company as well as its network gear rival Alcatel-Lucent.', u"After the exit from handsets, analysts have seen little synergies between the map unit and Nokia's mainstay network gear business. Nokia has hired a financial adviser to explore a sale of the unit, the source added.", u'Bloomberg first reported news of the sale on Friday.', u'A Nokia spokeswoman declined to comment.', u"Shares in Nokia closed 5.57 percent higher while those in France's Alcatel-Lucent closed 4.82 percent higher. The two companies have reportedly held on and off merger talks in recent years.", u'Shares in Dutch navigation company TomTom surged more than 11 percent after the news broke.', u'"We have estimated that HERE\'s value is around 3.3-4.8 billion euros, and in a possible deal the price should be more than that," Inderes Equity Research said on its Twitter account.', u'Nokia sold its once-dominant phone handset business to Microsoft last year, leaving it with its core network equipment business, HERE as well as its patent division.', u'HERE last year had net sales of around 969 million euros with an operating profit of 31 million euros. The unit has  signed several orders from the car industry recently.', u'Nokia bought HERE\'s predecessor Navteq for 5.7 billion euros in 2007. The Nokia website says HERE\'s maps were included in 10 million new cars sold in 2013, and that the unit\'s maps also power "mobile devices, connected devices and enterprise solutions."', u'(Reporting By Liana B. Baker in New York and Jussi Rosendahl in Helsinki; Editing by Pravin Char and David Gregorio)']), ([u"China's Tencent Hits $200 Billion Market Cap for First Time"], [u"BEIJING \u2014  China's Tencent Holdings Ltd for the first time hit a market cap of more than $200 billion on Monday, making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms like Amazon.com Inc, IBM Corp and Oracle Corp.", u"The country's biggest social networking and online entertainment firm rose 5.38 percent to close at HK$170.50 ($22) in trading in Hong Kong, giving it a market valuation of $206 billion. This is higher than Oracle's $190 billion, Amazon's $178 billion and IBM's $161 billion.", u"Tencent's shares have rocketed 52 percent from the beginning of this year, bringing its valuation close to those of U.S. peer Facebook Inc's $230 billion and Chinese arch rival Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's $210 billion.", u"The surge in the Shenzhen-based company's share price comes as Hong Kong stocks hit fresh seven-year highs on Monday. China recently allowed mutual funds to buy stocks on the Hang Seng Index under the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect scheme, fuelling the jump in already-rising Tencent shares.", u'More money is expected to pour in as investors hunt for bargains.', u"New York-listed Alibaba, the world's largest e-commerce firm, has seen its shares slide 19 percent year-to-date. This slump owes itself to investor excitement wearing off after the firm's record-setting $25 billion IPO last September, and a lacklustre set of third-quarter earnings results.", u'Facebook is up five percent since the beginning of 2015.', u'($1 = 7.7500 Hong Kong dollars)', u'(Reporting by Paul Carsten, Beijing Newsroom and Gerry Shih; Editing by Gopakumar Warrier)']), ([u'In China, Knock-Off Apple Watches Have Their Own Fans'], [u"SHENZHEN/HONG KONG \u2014  Lining the glass display cases of Shenzhen's giant tech malls, knock-off versions of Apple Inc's smartwatch were on sale at many stalls, with some Chinese consumers eager to snap them up for a fraction of the cost of the original.", u'"It came on sale in mid-March and has been constantly out of stock," said one imitation Apple Watch seller who declined to give his name. "On average we sell around 40 a day. Some customers just came and bought five or more at a time."', u"The mimic Watches, built on Google Inc's operating system, don't need a separate smartphone to work, said one merchant. At her store, one was retailing for 360 yuan ($58) - around one eighth of the cost of Apple's cheaper Watch models.", u'One version used a SIM card, could make calls, send messages, browse the Internet and take pictures, she said.', u"On Friday, Apple, the world's most valuable technology company, started previewing the Apple Watch, its first new gadget line since former CEO Steve Jobs died in 2011. Customers in China and elsewhere will be able to buy it from April 24.", u'In Hong Kong, the official Apple Store preview of the Watch was quiet. No lines stretched down the street as they normally do for Apple product launches. A handful of people waited at the door, outnumbered by Apple staff whose cheers lasted a handful of seconds.', u'Most of the shoppers from mainland China, who commonly cross the border to pick up the latest Apple must-have, were there for other gadgets.', u'"I\'m here to buy an iPad," said a shopper from the southwestern city of Chongqing, who gave her surname as Jian and said she didn\'t know the previews launched that day.', u'"I will take a look at the Watch later ... none of my friends have talked about the Watch back home."', u"But the technology bazaars in the southern Chinese boomtown of Shenzhen were chaotic on Thursday. Merchants hawked their goods to Chinese and foreign shoppers, showing off different smartwatches' various colors and models.", u"Some weren't impressed with the imitation Apple Watches.", u'"I really want to buy the original one," said Vikram Jan, an Indian businessman from New Delhi shopping in Shenzhen. "The fake one is really bad."', u'Though the knock-offs have their admirers, some merchants are doubtful about the impact on genuine Apple Watch sales.', u'"You know some want the real thing and some just want to go for the cheaper option," said the woman selling knock-off watches. "There are all kinds of customers and people who want the cheaper one would still buy our product."', u'(Reporting by Clare Jim, James Zhang and Stefanie McIntyre; Writing by Paul Carsten; Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u'Amazon Gets Green Light From U.S. Regulators for New Drone Tests'], [u'(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery ', u' outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing.', u"The Federal Aviation Administration had earlier given the green light to an Amazon prototype drone in March, but the company told U.S. lawmakers less than a week later that the prototype had already become obsolete while it waited more than six months for the agency's permission.", u"The FAA granted Amazon's request to test delivery drones in a letter dated Wednesday, posted on the agency's website.", u'Amazon must keep flights at an altitude of no more than 400 feet (120 meters) and no faster than 100 miles per hour (160 km per hour), according to the letter.', u'Seattle-based Amazon.com has been pursuing its goal of sending packages to customers by air, using small, self-piloted aircraft, even as it faces public concern about safety and privacy.', u'The company wants to use drones to deliver packages to its customers over distances of 10 miles (16 km) or more, which would require drones to travel autonomously while equipped with technology to avoid collisions with other aircraft.', u'In February, the FAA proposed long-awaited rules to try to set U.S. guidelines for drones, addressing growing interest from both individual and corporations in using unmanned aerial vehicles.', u'Amazon did not immediately respond to requests for comment.', u'(Reporting by Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u'Amazon Sues to Block Alleged Fake Reviews on Its Website'], [u'(Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake, positive product reviews.', u'In a complaint filed on Wednesday in King County Superior Court in Washington, Amazon said the bogus reviews undermine a system that the Seattle-based online retailer launched 20 years ago to help shoppers using its website decide what to buy.', u'Four- and five-star reviews can aid sales, especially if customers perceive them as unbiased.', u'But Amazon said the defendants are misleading customers, and through their activity generating improper profit for themselves and a "handful" of dishonest sellers and manufacturers.', u'"While small in number, these reviews threaten to undermine the trust that customers, and the vast majority of sellers and manufacturers, place in Amazon, thereby tarnishing Amazon\'s brand," the complaint said.', u'The defendants include Jay Gentile, a California man who allegedly runs ', u', as well as unnamed operators of ', u', ', u' and ', u', according to the complaint.', u'Amazon said the defendants have caused reviews to be posted on its website intermittently, through a "slow drip" designed to evade its detection systems, at a typical cost of $19 to $22 per review.', u'The defendants did not immediately respond on Thursday to requests for comment or could not immediately be reached.', u"Amazon's lawsuit accuses the various defendants of trademark infringement, and violations of federal anti-cybersquatting and Washington consumer protection laws.", u'It seeks a halt to the alleged fake reviews and improper use of the Amazon name, as well as compensatory and triple damages.', u'Yelp Inc, which lets consumers post reviews to its website, on Feb. 13 sued ', u"'s alleged operators, accusing them of trying to help businesses through posting positive reviews and suppressing bad reviews. The defendants have not responded to that complaint, court records show.", u'The case is Amazon.com Inc v. Gentile et al, Washington State Superior Court, King County, No. 15-2-08579-4.', u'(Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Bernard Orr)']), ([u'Latest on Apple Watch Release: Where to Try on Gold Watch'], [u'2:22 p.m. EDT.', u'The luxury versions of Apple Watch, known as Edition, have price tags ranging from $10,000 to $17,000. Watch cases are made with 18-karat gold alloys, and some of the pricier models have special band options unavailable with other models.', u"All Apple stores will have these luxury versions on display, but only a handful let customers try them on. In the U.S., 21 stores will make them available for try-ons, including three in New York City. That's out of 265 U.S. stores.", u'Edition is available in 34 stores outside the U.S., including three non-Apple department stores with sections dedicated to Apple Watch.', u'The list is here: ', u'___', u'2 p.m. EDT.', u"If you're left-handed you might wonder how you're going to wear the watch. The models being shown in stores during try-on appointments are running in demonstration mode, designed for the right-handed majority to wear on their left hands with the button and dial to the right of the watch face.", u"But If you're a leftie, you will be able to set up your watch to basically wear it upside down on your right hand, so the button and dial are on the left. When you do that, the screen will flip the right way \u2014 similar to your phone screen.", u'___', u'12:30 p.m. EDT.', u'Celebrating their 50th wedding anniversary, Carol and Jack Weber came to New York from their Charlottesville, Virginia, home to buy gifts for each other. Jack woke up at 3 a.m. to order a $1,000 stainless steel model online and the retired University of Virginia professors were first in line for a 9 a.m. appointment at the 5th Avenue store.', u"Ushered into a small, separate room to try on special edition watches that cost as much as $17,000, Carol tried on a $15,000, 18-karat gold model that Jack thought would be nice to buy for their golden anniversary. Carol also liked the steel, though, since it would go with her white gold wedding ring. She hasn't decided which to get yet, but is leaning toward both.", u'Carol said she likes the idea of getting a watch more than a piece of jewelry "because it\'s so functional as well." She\'s not worried about getting the first edition of such a new piece of technology, and says she\'s not a high-tech user, so she\'ll be content with the current apps and other functions.', u'\u2014 Barbara Ortutay, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'12:22 p.m. EDT.', u'Apple\'s early advertising promoted the watch as a fashion accessory, with elegant design and numerous options in watch faces, bands and other features. But the company is also emphasizing the new technology it\'s developed, including the "tapping" feature that signals alerts and messages, and new apps specifically designed for the watch\'s relatively small screen.', u'Software apps and Internet services were a vital part of the ', u"'s success, and Apple has made sure the new watch will have a wide range of apps available from the start. Along with a host of Apple-designed apps, such as Maps, Mail, Siri and Apple Pay, watch owners will be able to download numerous apps developed by outside companies.", u'Several media companies have developed apps to provide headlines and quick news updates for the Apple Watch. These include news outlets like CNN, NPR and the New York Times, along with the sports-focused ESPN and ', u'.  The Times promises one-sentence articles "crafted specially" for the watch, along with photographs and "short, bulleted summaries" of news developments.', u'Travel and transportation information will be available through apps developed by the car-hailing service Uber, mapping services like CityMapper and Go, and travel booking services such as TripAdvisor and Expedia. Travelers can check their flights on an American Airlines app or unlock their door with a Starwood Hotels app that turns the watch into a wireless room key. An app from Babbel promises to help wearers learn new words in foreign languages.', u'Not surprisingly, given the popularity of fitness wristbands, a number of apps are promising to help watch-owners track their health and exercise routines. Apps from Nike, Strava and Runtastic are all designed to measure workouts and physical exertion. An app called Tensio will help owners monitor their blood pressure.', u'\u2014 Brandon Bailey, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'12:11 p.m. EDT.', u"If you don't like your watch, the standard 14-day return policy applies in most cases.", u"Most Apple Watches come with Apple's standard warranty \u2014 one year for hardware, plus 90 days of free telephone support. For luxury editions, you get two years of hardware repairs and telephone support.", u'Extended coverage is available through AppleCare \u2014 $49 for the cheapest "Sport" version, $69 for the regular edition and $1,500 for the luxury version, known as Edition. For Sport and regular editions, the coverage gets you two years of repairs and support, including what comes with the warranty. With the luxury version, it\'s three years.', u"In all cases, you're also protected from two incidents of accidental damage, though you're charged a service fee each time \u2014 $69 for Sport, $79 for the regular version and $1,000 for the luxury edition. The regular warranty typically doesn't cover repairs when it's your fault.", u'You have 60 days after buying the watch to sign up for AppleCare.', u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'11:48 a.m. EDT.', u"Mark Servidio was online in New York at 3 a.m. to order two Apple Watches \u2014 Sport models with black bands in large for him and small for his wife. Six hours later, he was at the 9 a.m. opening of the Apple store on New York's Upper East Side.", u"The 30-year-old software developer wanted to check out what he just paid $349 and $399 for. He'd booked an afternoon appointment, but he decided to try out his luck after seeing there was hardly a line. Store employees were able to accommodate him quickly.", u"Servidio ended up trying some of the models he didn't buy, just to see what they'd feel like. An employee explained some features, though the watches Servidio was allowed to try on were all running in demonstration mode.", u"Servidio admits he doesn't really need an Apple Watch. But he's curious about what it can do and thinks it might make checking messages and other notifications less intrusive than pulling out his phone.", u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'11:26 a.m. EDT.', u'S&P Capital IQ analyst Angelo Zino predicts Apple will sell 10 million watches in 2015.', u'"Our view is it\'s going to take time for the consumer to adopt wearable technology," Zino said in an interview. "We\'re very positive on the long-term trends for wearables and we think Apple is going to be a clear leader in the category." He thinks initial sales are going to be below expectations, though.', u"Because the smartwatch is a new category of product, Apple will have to work harder to show customers what it can do, Zino says. The company is encouraging customers to make appointments to try the watch and some of its features, before ordering it online. That's a departure from its approach to the iPhone and ", u', which have been sold on a first-come, first-served basis to customers who often line up at Apple stores on the first day those products are available.', u'"They had to change their sales strategy," Zino said of the watch. "It\'s not a standardized product, so you need to make consumers aware of the customization that\'s available, and you can\'t take the approach you\'ve taken with other products."', u'\u2014 Brandon Bailey, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'11:11 a.m. EDT.', u"Employees of the Lenox Square Mall's Apple store in Atlanta clapped and cheered as customers streamed through its glass doors just before 10 a.m. About 20 people had lined up outside the second-floor storefront.", u'Marcus Martin, a self-described "gadget" guy from Columbus, Ohio, was first in line with his wife and smiled broadly after leaving the store with an order placed. He said it was a long-anticipated gift for his birthday on Saturday.', u'"It\'s very user-friendly, and that was a question I had in my mind," he said. He especially likes the watch\'s ability to turn off when a user\'s arm swings down, hoping that feature will save battery life.', u'Steve Kaip and his 15-year-old son Jason also were among the first in the store. On a spring break trip to Atlanta from their home in Novi, Michigan, they\'re planning to place an order when they get home, preserving their "early adopter" status.', u'"I don\'t wear a watch today, but I\'m considering wearing a watch if it did more than just tell time," Steve Kaip says. "The calendar function letting you know an event is coming up with a buzz on your wrist, instead of wherever your phone is, that\'s good."', u'\u2014 Kathleen Foody, AP writer', u'___', u'11:09 a.m. EDT.', u'Piper Jaffray\'s Gene Munster estimates that launch day supply (the models available for shipping on April 24th) was largely sold out within the first 10 to 30 minutes of going on sale. "We view this as an indication of solid demand paired with very limited supply, with supply being the most significant limiting factor," he writes in a note Friday morning.', u'___', u'10:57 a.m. EDT (7:57 a.m. PDT).', u"It's quiet outside the Apple store in downtown Palo Alto, California, which is one of the company's flagship retail locations, on University Avenue in the heart of Silicon Valley. In past years, Apple fans have held festive overnight vigils outside the store and lined up on the sidewalk to be among the first to buy the latest models of iPhones and iPads.", u'At 7 a.m. PDT, three hours before the store was scheduled to open, the only people outside were a local television crew and a couple of passersby who stopped briefly to watch the crew file a live report. Inside the store, Apple retail workers could be seen through the glass doors setting up displays, including a line of glass-topped cases containing the new watches.', u'\u2014 Brandon Bailey, AP Technology Reporter', u'___', u'10:45 a.m. EDT.', u"If you haven't already ordered an Apple Watch, don't expect to get one when it starts shipping on April 24.", u'Apple\'s store in the U.S. is citing delivery of June or "4-6 weeks" for most models, including large expensive luxury versions with leather bands. The large version of a stainless-steel model with a black link bracelet won\'t be shipping until July \u2014 for $1,099.', u'When Apple has done advance orders in the past, it makes inventory available in stores for launch day \u2014 in this case, April 24. But Apple has no plans for that this time. For the foreseeable future, all orders must be handled online, even if you visit a store to try one on.', u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'10:28 a.m. EDT.', u'Tanien "David" Wang was the first to enter Apple\'s store on New York\'s Upper West Side. Employees clapped and cheered as Wang raised both arms over his head in triumph.', u'The 48-year old plumber knew which Apple Watch he wanted \u2014 the large Sport version with a black band for $399 \u2014 but he came to an Apple store rather than order online so that staff could walk him through it.', u'Friends in China have asked him to order some watches, since they are cheaper in the U.S. (The same model costs $481 in China.) Smiling, Wang says he wants to see their money first.', u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'10:21 a.m. EDT.', u'Why is Apple insisting on online orders, even for those who come to a store to try on the watch?', u'Inventory management seems to be a big reason. Angela Ahrendts, Apple\'s senior vice president for its stores, said the company expects "strong customer demand will exceed our supply at launch. To provide the best experience and selection to as many customers as we can, we will be taking orders for Apple Watch exclusively online during the initial launch period."', u'The try-on visit "gives the air of concierge service and something extra to the process, while operationally it\'s pretty smart for them," says Anne Zybowski, vice president for retail insights at the consulting firm Kantar Retail in Boston.', u"It's not unprecedented in retail to have a sales representative walk you through your options before buying. Think wedding dresses and home furnishings.", u'These visits are "more for people who are on the fence and want to explore what it is," says Ben Bajarin, principal analyst at Creative Strategies. Those who already know what they want will likely just buy it online.', u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'10:07 a.m. EDT.', u"Apple hasn't offered any estimates of how many watches it expects to sell, but some analysts have predicted sales could reach 10 million to 20 million units in the first year. Veteran Apple watcher Gene Munster, an analyst at Piper Jaffray, has offered a more conservative estimate of 8 million. He expects about 300,000 advance orders on Friday, with about 1 million watches sold in the first weekend after they become available for shipping on April 24.", u'By comparison, Apple sold more than 10 million of its new iPhone 6 and 6 Plus smartphones in the first weekend they were available in September, and a record total of 74.5 million iPhones in the fourth quarter of last year. Munster has said he expects the Apple Watch will see healthy sales growth over the next three years. But he cautioned in a recent report that the smartwatch is still a new product category and said "it will likely take time" for the appeal to extend beyond hard-core Apple fans.', u'\u2014 Brandon Bailey, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'9:51 a.m. EDT.', u"Victor Leung is grinning from ear to ear after finishing his watch appointment at the 5th Avenue store and ordering the sport model. The student says he's been waiting for this launch since September and is the first among his friends to get the Apple Watch.", u'"It\'s awesome," Leung says. "You get texts on your watch, make phone calls." While he has tried other smartwatches, he thinks "Apple is different," more unique.', u'Andrew Klink snapped a photo of the sports watch display case. "My boyfriend wants it," says the retired American who is visiting New York from his home in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He\'s "not sure this is something anybody needs," but likes the simple design, the matte color of the sports watch strap, and the clasp.', u'"It\'s handsome, and I think reasonably priced," he says.', u'\u2014 Barbara Ortutay, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'9:03 a.m. EDT.', u"As Apple's 5th Avenue store in New York City prepares to open, journalists and Apple employees outnumber people waiting for the watch.", u'Robert Jose, who has lined up in the drizzle not for a watch but to get a charger and exchange his iPhone, thought it would be a "little crazier" given the usual hoopla around iPhone launches.', u'"It doesn\'t look like ', u' yet. No fists flying," the retail worker says. Caught up in the excitement anyway, Jose wants to "get in there" to get a glimpse at the watch.', u'Physician Asif Luqman has made an appointment to look at a steel version.', u'"I\'m not getting it, just want to try it on. I like watches a lot," he says. He wants to see it because it is the first of its kind. Apple, he believes, has put in the time and the effort to make a high-quality watch. He\'s not getting it though.', u'"I\'m waiting for the next version," he says. "I want a watch that can function on its own." Now it\'s a small screen on your wrist for your phone. "I don\'t need that."', u"As a doctor, he's also concerned about battery life. His phone already dies halfway through the day, the watch dies faster and not enough people will have it yet to have chargers laying around, he says.", u'\u2014 Barbara Ortutay, AP Technology Writer', u'___', u'7:30 a.m. EDT (12:30 p.m. in London)', u"In London's Covent Garden, a tourist hotspot, a buzz is growing in the Apple flagship store as dozens of fans come to check out the new Apple Watch.", u'Some crouch over glass counters to play with sample watches, while others who had pre-booked appointments try them on their wrists.', u'"I\'ve been waiting for this for a long time," says Carl Walsh, a 43-year-old company director. "It\'s beautifully developed, but I\'ll probably want to wait a bit and see what people say about the battery life."', u"The watch is Apple's first new product category since the iPad came out five years ago. Analysts are waiting to see how well the watch will sell beyond devoted Apple fans. Apple has a better chance at succeeding than any other smartwatch maker so far, yet it will likely take time before sales reach the kind of numbers that Apple gets for iPhones and iPads.", u'Watch prices start at $349, but can go as high as $17,000 for a luxury edition in gold. People can try the watch on in Apple stores, but for now all orders are being handled online. Shipments begin April 24.', u'Regy Selsaas, 42, is here to see if the watch would make a good gift for his wife.', u'"It\'s more like a gadget than a phone," he says, wincing at the high price tag of the luxury version. "It\'s really beautiful but expensive. I\'m not 100 percent convinced."', u'Jay Carroll, 15, needs no persuading. He and his mother Sarah placed an online order first thing Friday, but the two still wanted to try it out in store.', u'"I\'m looking forward to just having it there on my wrist, so I can be on my phone all the time," he says.', u'\u2014Sylvia Hui, AP writer', u'___', u'5:30 a.m. EDT (6:30 p.m. in Tokyo):', u'The curious in Japan form a long line in Isetan department store, where a special section was built just for the Apple watch.', u'The 70-square-meter (750-square-foot) modernist box with black floors and walls is staffed by about a dozen workers clad in black.', u'Only 20 customers are allowed in at a time, and only those with advance reservations or who showed up early enough to get one of 76 lottery tickets got to try the watch on.', u'The rest could only look at a display of 19 watches under a glass showcase. They range in price from about 43,000 yen ($360) to 2,800,000 yen ($23,300) for the luxury edition in gold.', u'\u2014 Noriko Kitano, AP writer', u'___', u'5 a.m. EDT (5 p.m. in Shanghai):', u'In central Shanghai, potential Apple watch buyers stand in lines two to five people long over their lunch hour at an Apple store to try on the watch many say they already planned to buy.', u'"It was beautifully made, like an expensive watch," says Li Hao, 27, a Web designer who owns a Mac, an iPad and an Apple TV. He has just traded up from an iPhone 4 to the new iPhone 6 Plus.', u"China was among countries where the watch had its global debut Friday, reflecting the country's fast-growing status as one of Apple's most important markets.", u'Li said he planned to buy the sport version of the watch at about 3,000 yuan ($500).', u'"I cannot do sports with the mobile phone," he said. "I need a machine to record what I did and a screen to look at."', u'Qi Tian, 26, who works in human resources for a real estate company, says he is "not a big fan" of Apple, though he owns four or five products. He says he plans to order a watch online that day.', u'"I just came to see if the size fits," says Qi.', u'\u2014 Fu Ting, AP researcher', u'___', u'3:01 a.m. EDT (12:01 a.m. in Cupertino, California):', u'Ready, set, go ...', u'Apple starts taking orders for the watch on its website and Apple Store app. Currently, this is the only way Apple is selling the watch. Even those visiting retail stores will have to order online \u2014 either at home or at a Web terminal inside the store.', u"The retail stores are meant for customers who aren't sure which watch case, band or size they want \u2014 or aren't sure they even want one. Staff will be on hand to help customers try on the watches and answer questions before buying. Customers are encouraged to make an appointment online, though walk-ins will be accepted \u2014 just expect a wait.", u"It's available in the U.S. and eight other markets around the world. In the U.S., the watch is available only in Apple stores. In some countries, select department stores and resellers also have it.", u'\u2014 Anick Jesdanun, AP Technology Writer']), ([u'U.S. Eyes Robotics, Longer-Range Weapons to Ensure Edge Over Foes'], [u'WASHINGTON \u2014  The U.S. military on Thursday announced new steps to speed up weapons development, cut red tape and tap innovation in the commercial sector, and said robotics and longer-range arms could play a key role in securing U.S. technological superiority.', u'Deputy Defense Secretary Robert Work said urgent action was needed after three years of "chronic" underinvestment in new weapons and capabilities leading to what he called a "steady erosion of our technological superiority."', u'Chief arms buyer Frank Kendall told reporters the third installment of the department\'s "Better Buying Power" initiative was focused on shoring up U.S. superiority, while further streamlining the often cumbersome defense acquisition process.', u"He said the department was about halfway done with an assessment of longer-range research and development priorities that would help shape the Pentagon's fiscal 2017 budget process.", u'Lockheed Martin Corp, Boeing Co and other companies have been waiting anxiously to see what priorities emerge from a new "Defense Innovation Initiative" announced by then-Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel in November.', u'Kendall said some key ideas had already emerged for reframing U.S. weapons priorities, including a bigger focus on automation and robotics, greater collaboration among different weapons platforms, and operating at longer ranges due to advances in missile technology by potential adversaries.', u'He said the department was being open about its eroding military edge because officials were worried about the lack of funding, and the threat of further cuts if congressional budget caps are not lifted in fiscal 2016.', u'The latest U.S. acquisition guidelines include measures to shore up the cybersecurity of U.S. weapons systems, as well as steps to make it easier to use technologies developed by commercial firms and allies overseas.', u'The guidelines acknowledged the need for companies to earn an "appropriate profit," and encouraged use of incentive fees to encourage better performance, investment in prototypes. They also aim for more performance-based logistics contracts allowing private firms to service weapons systems under fixed-price contracts.', u'(Reporting by Andrea Shalal; Editing by Christian Plumb)']), ([u'PC Sales Declined _ Again _ in First Quarter'], [u"SAN JOSE, Calif. \u2014  Weak demand for desktop computers caused PC sales to plunge again in the first quarter of this year, reflecting the industry's ongoing struggles with the shift to smartphones, tablets and other mobile gadgets.", u'One big reason for the decline was businesses buying fewer desktop computers, according to the Gartner research firm. It noted companies have mostly finished replacing older PCs that used outdated Windows XP software.', u"PC sales may get a boost later this year when Microsoft Corp. releases its next version of Windows, analysts said, but they're still expecting an overall decline in sales for this year.", u'One bright spot identified by Gartner was an increase in sales of laptop computers and hybrid models that combine features of tablets and laptops. That could help drive a gradual return to growth by next year, said Gartner analyst Mikako Kitagawa.', u'Gartner estimates PC makers shipped 71.7 million computers in the first quarter, down 5.2 percent from a year earlier. A second research firm, the International Data Corp., used different methods to estimate a decline of 6.7 percent.', u"By IDC's count, PC makers shipped 68.5 million PCs in the quarter \u2014 the lowest quarterly number in six years, according to senior researcher Jay Chou.", u'"It\'s still a pretty tough market out there," Chou said. While his firm had forecast a slightly bigger decline, he said, "it\'s really nothing to celebrate."', u"Some computer makers are doing better than others. China's Lenovo Group Ltd., the world's biggest PC company, saw an increase in worldwide sales, as did its nearest competitor, California-based Hewlett-Packard Co. Smaller companies, including Texas-based Dell, saw sales decline.", u'Apple increased its sales in the United States, although it does not rank among the five biggest computer-makers worldwide.', u'Global PC sales have fallen steadily over the last three years, but IDC and Gartner are projecting a return to growth in 2016. While many computer users now prefer portable devices, analysts say some people who bought tablets are finding that laptop PCs are more practical for certain activities, such as extended typing.', u'The slow-down in PC sales has rippled through Silicon Valley. Intel Corp., which makes the microprocessors used in most PCs, lowered its revenue forecast last month while citing weak demand for desktop PCs. Intel will report first-quarter earnings on Tuesday.']), ([u"Review: New MacBook Brings iPad's Minimalism to Laptop"], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  From the moment I took it out of the box, Apple's new MacBook looked and felt like an iPad.", u"The laptop is Apple's lightest and thinnest yet and borrows many of the iPad's designs, including the lack of a fan. The result is a 2-pound (0.92 kilogram) laptop that feels almost non-existent on my lap. Yet it packs in a lot of power, including a high-resolution display and a sturdier keyboard.", u"The new MacBook goes on sale Friday starting at $1,299 in silver, gold or gray (the same choices as the iPad). Its box even resembles the iPad's.", u'___', u'NEW KEYBOARD', u"To make the MacBook as thin as it is \u2014 a half-inch (13.1 millimeters) at the thickest point \u2014 Apple had to redesign the keyboard. Traditional keys need to be tall to properly strike the mechanism that records the keystroke. Otherwise, you'd need to strike at the center, which many people don't do. With the redesign, you can strike shorter keys from the edge. Those shorter keys help keep the laptop thin.", u"The new keyboard takes getting used to, even after a week of testing. I feel as though I need to press more firmly. But taller, old-style keys on some keyboards have started to feel flimsy by comparison, as though about to come off their springs. The new keyboard does get more comfortable over time\u2014 just don't expect to write a novel on Day One.", u'Although it\'s small, the new MacBook retains a full-size keyboard. In fact, that\'s why the screen is 12 inches \u2014 it matches how much space the keyboard needs. (The screen, incidentally, is stunning \u2014 compared with MacBook Air\'s lower-resolution screen. The fish in "Finding Nemo" look colorful and sharp.)', u'___', u'NEW TOUCHPAD', u"Also contributing to thinness is a new touchpad that Apple calls Force Touch. On earlier MacBooks, the touchpad acts like a springboard. When you press it, you're physically moving it to activate the sensor. You also have to press harder toward the back, near the springboard's hinge, than you do in front. In the new MacBook, sensors are embedded, so you can get the same response anywhere.", u"There's also a second sensor now to record the amount of pressure you're applying. A click followed by a firm press activates a number of features. Press on a document icon, and a preview pops out. Press on an address in an email, and a map opens up. On some video apps, the pressure determines how quickly you forward or rewind. These gestures primarily work with Apple apps for now, but other app developers can incorporate the functionality.", u"The MacBook does all this magically without the touchpad actually moving. Apple added a haptic engine to replicate the feeling of clicking and pressing. It isn't needed technologically, but will help keep things familiar for users.", u'Apple also updated its high-resolution, 13-inch version of the MacBook Pro with this new touchpad. I imagine future models getting it, too.', u'___', u'MINIMALISM', u"Most of the expansion ports have disappeared. In its place is a single charging port that's also used for accessories and video output. It uses a new standard called USB-C.", u"The problem is most gadgets still use older USB ports, so you'll need a $19 adapter for a single device. It's likely outside parties will soon make adapters to connect multiple USB devices simultaneously, but if you use USB regularly, you might consider getting an Air or Pro model instead.", u'A $79 adapter gives you video output, with a USB port thrown in. You also might need a $19 extender for the power cord, as the box no longer comes with it. I find the included cord too short. Cord extenders from older MacBooks will work, too.', u"Speaking of power, I got eight to 11 hours of battery life on a single charge, which is impressive given that the high-resolution screen requires more power than regular screens. Apple saved energy by having individual pixels on the screen let through more light. It also squeezed in more battery by shrinking the circuit board and using odd shapes to fit into all remaining space. The battery life isn't as good as what you get on a 13-inch Air, but it should be adequate for most days."]), ([u'Google Anti-Trust Foes See Friend in New EU Competition Chief'], [u'BRUSSELS \u2014  After waiting more than four years for Brussels to resolve his anti-trust complaint against Google while traffic to his website plunged by 80 percent, Michael Weber of German online mapping service ', u' held out little hope of success. Until now.', u'He says a meeting with the new competition chief of the European Commission has left him with newfound hope that Brussels will take action at last to curb behavior by the U.S. Internet giant, which he blames for hurting his business.', u'Danish politician Margrethe Vestager, who took over the EU competition portfolio in November, inherited an anti-trust complaint by more than a dozen companies against Google, left unresolved by her Spanish predecessor Joaquin Almunia.', u'Almunia launched an investigation in 2010 and initially concluded that Google may have hurt competitors by favoring its own products and services in search results and blocking advertisers from moving their campaigns to rival platforms.', u'Since then, Google has offered three settlement proposals to resolve the case. Most recently, just over a year ago, it offered to give competing products and services bigger visibility on its website, let content providers decide what material it can use for its own services and make it easier for advertisers to move their campaigns to rivals.', u'Almunia initially accepted that deal, only to reverse his decision six months later and demand more concessions, leaving the ultimate decision to his successor.', u'So far, Vestager has said nothing in public that would explicitly signal what course she is considering.', u'She has also indicated that she will not rush into a decision. Asked whether enforcement regulators should emphasize quick action in cases involving fast-moving technologies, Vestager told Reuters: "I don\'t think that speed should be the priority. We should be even handed and open minded in interpretation of the facts. Of course it is better to be fast than slow but it\'s even better to be just."', u'Nevertheless, executives from some of the companies that brought the complaint against Google say they are more optimistic now than they have been for years, and that they believe action is finally coming soon.', u'"With Almunia, there was no real dialogue. With Vestager, it is different. The questions she asked us show that she understands the complainants\' problems," said Weber.', u'Another of the complainants, who spoke on condition of anonymity because a meeting with Vestager was confidential, said: "The first thing she said at the meeting was that she understands the harm we have suffered."', u'The European Commission declined to comment on the case.', u'Google also would not comment. Spokesman Al Verney said he would not discuss anti-trust issues.', u'HIGH STAKES', u'The stakes are high for Google which faces a fine of as much as $6.6 billion if found guilty of anti-competitive behavior. Even more disruptive, it may have to modify its business practices.', u"Google's dominant positions in markets like online search, advertising and smartphone operating systems have drawn regulatory scrutiny in various jurisdictions around the globe.", u'Its longstanding position is that competition is "just a click away" - a phrase meant to indicate that users have easy access to use rival services - and that its products are popular because people find them useful.', u'Vestager, 46, was a free-trading economy minister in Denmark who jolted Danes with deep cuts to the social welfare system, earning a reputation as a firm negotiator before coming to Brussels.', u'She has spoken in general terms of the need to keep fast-changing industries open and contestable and said both large and small players should be able to compete on the merits of their products, comments that some of the Google complainants have interpreted as sympathetic toward their case.', u"They also note that she met some of the complainants before seeing Google's executive chairman Eric Schmidt and general counsel Kent Walker last month.", u'In one sign of movement in recent weeks, the European Commission has asked some of the Google opponents to allow regulators to declassify some of the confidential data they submitted to justify their accusations, a step that would be necessary to present the data to Google for its response.', u'Wilko van Weert, a partner at law firm McDermott Will & Emery and specialist in the field, said Vestager could push for a settlement that would require Google to provide more information about its search ranking formula.', u'"Coming from a Scandinavian culture where transparency is very important, I would not be surprised if she pushes for maximum transparency in the way Google organizes and manages its search results," he said.', u"Any ruling by Vestager might have to be able to survive a potential court challenge from Google, which could be tougher to withstand because of Almunia's previous reversals.", u"Vestager may initially want to play hard ball, but that does not mean she will close the door to a settlement, said Mario Mareniello, a former economist at the Commission's competition unit and now an expert at think tank Breugel.", u'\u201cIf at a certain point in the process effective remedies addressing her objections would be offered by Google, I guess it would be hard for her to say no,\u201d he said.', u'(Reporting by Foo Yun Chee; Editing by Peter Graff)']), ([u'How to Verify if That Port Is Indeed a USB 3.0'], [u' ', u' If you do not have the manual or specifications sheet that come with the computer, there are a few other ways to check if you have the higher-speed USB port. The support area of the manufacturer\u2019s website should also have the information on your model.', u'But sometimes you can tell just by looking at the USB ports along the edge of the laptop. Compared with ordinary older UBS ports, USB 3.0 ports usually have ', u'. Some laptop makers will also label the faster port with a \u201c3.0\u201d or sometimes \u201cSS,\u201d which stands for ', u'.', u'If you do not see any physical evidence pointing to USB 3.0, you can look in the Windows Device Manager to see what is listed. To ', u' from the Start screen, point the cursor to the lower-right corner of the screen and then move it up to summon the Charms bar so you can click on the Search icon. (As a shortcut to open the Charms bar, press the Windows and C keys on the keyboard.) Type in Device Manager and hit the Enter key.', u'If you are already working in the Windows 8.1 desktop mode, one fast way to get there is to press the Windows key and the Pause/Break key in the top row to open the System control panel. Click Device Manager on the left side.', u'On the manager screen, click Universal Serial Bus Controllers and look for a USB 3.0 controller listed. Additionally, when you have a USB 3.0 peripheral plugged into a USB 3.0 port, ', u' that the device is connected to a USB 3.0 port or that it is operating at SuperSpeed.', u' ', u' Cable connections use coaxial cable (insulated copper wire) to send data through electrical signals. As one might guess, fiber is short for fiber optic, and fiber-optic networks are wired with cables made from thin strands of glass or plastic that ', u' over long distances. These cables can also be referred to as optical fiber and can carry much more data at faster speeds than traditional copper-based coaxial. (Some cable-based networks also use hybrid fiber coaxial cables, which combine the glass and copper strands to move data.)', u'Because of the widespread use of cable television, which uses the same coaxial wiring, cable Internet service is usually less expensive and easier to get. Data speeds tend to be slower than with fiber networks, partly because of shared resources with other subscribers in the area. Depending on the company and your location, you might see tiered monthly plans offering download speeds of 1.5 megabits per second on the low end, to 100 megabits per second for the deluxe service.', u'Fiber connections are newer, faster and often more expensive. The service can be harder to get because the networks are not as widespread as cable, and your area may not have been wired with optical fiber. If the service is available, you may also need to have extra equipment installed in your home. A variety of speed packages are also available with fiber; ', u', for example, has plans starting at 25 megabits per second and go on up to 500 megabits per second; the listed speeds are for downloading and uploading data.', u'Other fiber-network services are even more robust. ', u' and ', u' service claim data speeds of 1 gigabit per second (or 1,000 megabits per second), which is fast enough to download about 25 average pop songs in one second or an entire high-definition movie in 36 seconds. These gigabit networks are available in only a few cities, but are expanding slowly.', u'Not to be outdone, some cable companies are adding fiber to their data networks to increase their speed and capacity. Comcast, for example, ', u' its new Gigabit Pro Internet service in the Atlanta area; Gigabit Pro speeds are advertised at 2 gigabits per second.']), ([u"Flipkart Ties Up With Mumbai 'Dabbawalas' to Navigate City Streets"], [u"(Reuters) - India's biggest e-commerce company, Flipkart, has tied up with Mumbai's lunchbox delivery men, famous for navigating cramped and confusing streets, as it tries to smooth the often difficult last stretch of its delivery to customers.", u"Dabbawalas have for decades collected hot lunches from customers' often distant homes and, using a complex delivery system and overladen bicycles, carried them to offices and schools across the city.", u'"Their unique delivery system has been smooth, reliable and has survived the test of time - even under extreme conditions," Neeraj Aggarwal, senior director for last mile delivery at Flipkart said in a statement on Thursday evening.', u"Under the deal - part of a plan by the e-commerce firm to explore new delivery channels - dabbawallas will make deliveries assigned from a Flipkart hub while collecting hot meals from customers' homes.", u"Privately held Flipkart leads India's e-commerce industry, selling everything from cellphones to suitcases and competing with Amazon's India unit and other home grown rival Snapdeal for a chunk of the fast growing industry.", u"Online retailing is growing at a breakneck pace in India, which has the world's third-largest population of Internet users even with only a fifth of its population online.", u'Mumbai\'s dabbawalas - often semi-literate deliverymen from rural Maharashtra, the state where Mumbai is located - deliver about 200,000 "tiffin," or lunch, boxes every day, according to their website.', u"Their coding system has been recognized with the Six Sigma level of accuracy, meaning they make only one mistake in 6 million chances, attracting them admirers from Britain's Prince Charles to entrepreneur Richard Branson.", u"Flipkart said the dabbawalas had undergone training at the company's delivery centers and would start with a\xa0paper-based tracking system, moving on to apps and wearable technology.", u'(Reporting by Nivedita Bhattacharjee in Mumbai; Editing by Jeremy Laurence)']), ([u'Intel, Altera End Takeover Talks Due to Price Disagreement: Source'], [u'(Reuters) - Discussions on a takeover by Intel Corp of smaller chip maker Altera Corp have ended as the companies were unable to agree on price, a person familiar with the matter said, but Altera shares rose, suggesting it is still a potential target.', u"Altera's shares closed up 3.2 percent at $43.33 on the Nasdaq after earlier falling as much as 8 percent. Intel shares closed down slightly at $31.24 after dropping earlier in the day.", u"Intel's offer was in the neighborhood of the low-$50 per share range, CNBC reported earlier on Thursday. (", u") That represented a 50 percent premium to Altera's price before news of the talks was first reported on March 27.", u'Intel declined comment. Altera did not immediately respond to requests for comment.', u"Altera's apparent refusal to do a deal puts pressure on its board, said RBC Capital Markets analyst Doug Freedman.", u'"Investors are going to demand some explanations," he said. "If the board and management can\'t show a plan that would create a value at or above what Intel is offering, they are going to have to justify why they are saying no."', u'Late last month, Intel was reported to be in talks to buy Altera in a deal that could have topped $10 billion.', u'Altera had a market capitalization of $12.6 billion as of Wednesday. Its shares had surged more than 20 percent since merger talks were first reported by the Wall Street Journal.', u"Had the deal gone through, the takeover would have been Intel's largest acquisition, topping its $7.7 billion purchase of security software maker McAfee in 2011.", u'Altera would appeal to Intel for its line of programmable chips, increasingly used in data centers and customized for functions such as providing web-search results or updating social networks.', u"Deals in the chip sector have been expected after NXP Semiconductors' $12 billion purchase of Freescale Semiconductor was announced last month.", u'Worldwide semiconductor mergers and acquisitions were worth $31 billion last year, the most since 2011, Thomson Reuters data shows. In the 12 months through March 2, four hundred seventy-two chip M&A deals were made worldwide, up from 383 in the previous year.', u'Market analysts said they expect the chip M&A boom to continue despite the end of the Altera-Intel talks.', u'"Perhaps it impacts those two stocks but I don\'t see it offsetting the major trend, which is certainly for more deals," said Peter Jankovskis, co-chief investment officer at OakBrook Investments LLC.', u'(Additional reporting by Dan Burns, Sagarika Jaisinghani, Rodrigo Campos and Bill Rigby; Editing by Meredith Mazzilli,  Saumyadeb Chakrabarty, Bernadette Baum and Steve Orlofsky)']), ([u'Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size \u2014 there are 54 possible configurations in all.', u'Most models come in two sizes, 38 millimeters and 42 millimeters, as measured by the height of the watch face. The larger one costs $50 more in most cases. For a few of the bands, only one size is available.', u'There are three lines to choose from:', u'\u2014 The cheapest is a "Sport" version with an aluminum case. You can get it with a silver case and choose a white, blue, green or pink band made of synthetic rubber. Or get a gray case with a black band. The smaller version costs $349, and the large one is $399. That\'s 10 configurations \u2014 five bands, each in two sizes.', u'\u2014 The regular version has a stainless steel case. The cheapest has the same band as the Sport version. You choose white or black and pay $549 for the smaller model and $599 for large. Fancier bands are available \u2014 three different leather bands, a link bracelet or a Milanese loop. Prices go as high as $1,099 for a large watch with a stainless steel link bracelet. There are 20 official configurations, but once you factor in some leather bands coming in two or three sizes, you have 32 options to choose from.', u"\u2014 Edition is the luxury line with cases made of 18-karat gold alloy. It's $10,000 for a small version with the white or black band that comes with Sport models. The large one costs $12,000. You can get a leather band for $15,000 or $17,000, depending on the size. There are officially eight luxury configurations, or 12 if you count band sizes as choices.", u'Apple is also selling bands separately for those who like to swap designs. Prices range from $49 for the basic sport band to $449 for a link bracelet.', u'To help you choose, Apple has plenty of videos on its website and Apple Store and Apple Watch apps. The Apple Store app also has sizing guides, images of the watch cases in actual size and animation of buckles and clasps, which you can open and close by pinching in and out.']), ([u'China Is Said to Use Powerful New Weapon to Censor Internet  '], [u'SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Late last month, China began ', u' in an apparent effort to take out services that allow China\u2019s Internet users to view websites otherwise blocked in the country.', u'Initial security reports suggested that China had crippled the services by exploiting its own Internet filter \u2014 known as the Great Firewall \u2014 to redirect overwhelming amounts of traffic to its targets. Now, researchers at the University of California, Berkeley and the University of Toronto say China did not use the Great Firewall after all, but rather a powerful new weapon that they are calling the Great Cannon.', u'The Great Cannon, the researchers said in a ', u', allows China to intercept foreign web traffic as it flows to Chinese websites, inject malicious code and repurpose the traffic as Beijing sees fit.', u'The system was used, they said, to intercept web and advertising traffic intended for ', u' \u2014 China\u2019s biggest search engine company \u2014 and fire it at GitHub, a popular site for programmers, and GreatFire.org, a nonprofit that runs mirror images of sites that are blocked inside China. The attacks against the services continued on Thursday, the researchers said, even though both sites appeared to be operating normally.', u'But the researchers suggested that the system could have more powerful capabilities. With a few tweaks, the Great Cannon could be used to spy on anyone who happens to fetch content hosted on a Chinese computer, even by visiting a non-Chinese website that contains Chinese advertising content.', u'\u201cThe operational deployment of the Great Cannon represents a significant escalation in state-level information control,\u201d the researchers said in their report. It is, they said, \u201cthe normalization of widespread and public use of an attack tool to enforce censorship.\u201d', u'The researchers, who have previously done extensive research into ', u', found that while the infrastructure and code for the attacks bear similarities to the Great Firewall, the attacks came from a separate device. The device has the ability not only to snoop on Internet traffic but also to alter the traffic and direct it \u2014 on a giant scale \u2014 to any website, in what is called a \u201cman in the middle attack.\u201d', u'China\u2019s new Internet weapon, the report says, is similar to one developed and used by the National Security Agency and its British counterpart, GCHQ, a system outlined in classified documents leaked ', u'. The American system, according to the documents, which were published by The Intercept, can deploy a system of programs that can intercept web traffic on a mass scale and redirect it to a site of their choosing. The N.S.A. and its partners appear to use the programs for targeted surveillance, whereas China appears to use the Great Cannon for an aggressive form of censorship.', u'The similarities of the programs may put American officials on awkward footing, the researchers argue in their report. \u201cThis precedent will make it difficult for Western governments to credibly complain about others utilizing similar techniques,\u201d they write.', u'Still, the Chinese program illustrates how far officials in Beijing are willing to go to censor Internet content they deem hostile. \u201cThis is just one part of President Xi Jinping\u2019s push to gain tighter control over the Internet and remove any challenges to the party,\u201d said James A. Lewis, a security expert at the Center for Strategic Studies in Washington.', u'Beijing continues to increase its censorship efforts under its State Internet Information Office, an office created under Mr. Xi to gain tighter control over the Internet within the country and to clamp down on online activism. In a series of recent statements, Lu Wei, China\u2019s Internet czar, has called on the international community to respect China\u2019s Internet policies.', u'Sarah McKune, a senior legal adviser at the Citizen Lab at the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto and a co-author of the report, said, \u201cThe position of the Chinese government is that efforts to serve what it views as hostile content inside China\u2019s borders is a hostile and provocative act that is a threat to its regime stability and ultimately its national security.\u201d', u'The attacks also show the extent to which Beijing is willing to sacrifice other national goals, even economic ones, in the name of censorship. ', u' is China\u2019s most visited site, receiving an estimated 5.2 million unique visitors from the United States in the last 30 days, according to Alexa, a web ranking service.', u'Kaiser Kuo, a Baidu spokesman, said that Baidu was not complicit in the attacks and that its own networks had not been breached. But by sweeping up Baidu\u2019s would-be visitors in its attacks, researchers and foreign policy experts say, Beijing could harm the company\u2019s reputation and market share overseas.', u'Beijing has recently said that it plans to help Chinese Internet companies extend their influence and customer base abroad. At a meeting of the National People\u2019s Congress in China last month, Premier Li Keqiang announced a new \u201cInternet Plus\u201d action plan to \u201cencourage the healthy development of e-commerce, industrial networks and Internet banking and to guide Internet-based companies to increase their presence in the international market.\u201d', u'Yet the latest censorship offensive could become a major problem for Chinese companies looking to expand overseas. \u201cThey know one of their biggest obstacles is the perception that they are tools of the Chinese government,\u201d Mr. Lewis said. \u201cThis is going to hurt Baidu\u2019s chances of becoming a global competitor.\u201d', u'Researchers say they were able to trace the Great Cannon to the same physical Internet link as China\u2019s Great Firewall and found similarities in the source code of the two initiatives, suggesting that the same authority that operates the Great Firewall is also behind the new weapon.', u'\u201cBecause both the Great Cannon and Great Firewall are operating on the same physical link, we believe they are both being run under the same authority,\u201d said Bill Marczak, a co-author of the report who is a computer science graduate student at the University of California, Berkeley and a research fellow at Citizen Lab.', u'Mr. Marczak said researchers\u2019 fear is that the state could use its new weapon to attack Internet users, particularly dissidents, without their knowledge. If they make a single request to a server inside China or even visit a non-Chinese website that contains an ad from a Chinese server, the Great Cannon could infect their web communications and those of everyone they communicate with and spy on them.', u'Ultimately, researchers say, the only way for Internet users and companies to protect themselves will be to encrypt their Internet traffic so that it cannot be intercepted and diverted as it travels to its intended target.', u'\u201cPut bluntly,\u201d the researchers said, \u201cunprotected traffic is not just an opportunity for espionage but a potential attack vector.\u201d']), ([u'Your Guide to Trying on, Ordering Apple Watch'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  Buying an Apple Watch won't be as simple as walking into an Apple store and handing over your credit card.", u"The smartwatch is Apple's first new product category in five years and comes in 54 configurations \u2014 more than any other Apple gadget. So starting Friday, Apple stores will have staff trained to help you choose. You'll then have to place your order for shipping starting April 24. Even after that date, there's no walking in and walking out with a watch.", u'Of course, you can bypass all this by ordering online.', u'No smartwatch has gotten as much attention as the Apple Watch, given Apple\'s devoted fan base and the company\'s knack for designing products consumers can\'t live without. By insisting on customers ordering ahead of time, Apple says it can "provide the best experience and selection to as many customers as we can."', u'Prices range from $349 to $17,000 depending on the watch case, band and size. A standard model with the cheapest band costs $549 for the 38-millimeter model and $599 for the 42-millimeter version, as measured on the watch face from top to bottom.', u"Here's what you need to know about buying one.", u'___', u'ORDERING ONLINE', u"If you know the specific configuration you want, you're best off ordering it online, starting at 12:01 a.m. PDT Friday (3:01 a.m. EDT). They will start to ship on April 24. Popular models might not be available right away if you're not among the first to order. Your watch will get shipped to you. There won't be an in-store pick-up option.", u'Besides the United States, the watch is available to customers in Australia, Canada, China, France, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan and the United Kingdom.', u'___', u'VISITING A STORE', u'Starting Friday, Apple Store staff will be able to help you choose from the array of options. Apple recommends that you make a reservation to see a sales representative. Apple will start taking reservations through its website at 12:01 a.m. PDT Friday as well. Appointments will be in 15-minute increments, though you can take more time at the store if needed. You might be able to walk in and try one out, but initially there will likely be a long wait.', u"Once you choose, you'll still need to place the order online, though you can do that at a Web terminal inside the store. Again, your only option is to have the watch shipped, at least for the foreseeable future.", u"For the most part, watches will be available for viewing when stores open Friday, so many overseas stores will actually show the watch before orders are accepted. Apple's 24-hour store on New York's Fifth Avenue will close temporarily to set up the displays; it will reopen at 9 a.m. Friday.", u'___', u'LUXURY MODELS', u"Only some stores will carry the 18-karat gold luxury models known as Edition. When you make the try-on reservation, you'll have to specify whether you're looking for these models or the cheaper ones. Specialists will handle these luxury appointments. If you're just interested in seeing them, all stores will have them available for viewing in glass cases.", u'___', u'BEYOND APPLE STORES', u"You won't be able to visit Best Buy or your wireless carrier. Apple will handle most of the sales directly. However, the watch will be available to try on at Galeries Lafayette in Paris, Isetan in Tokyo, Selfridges in London and some Apple resellers in China and Japan starting Friday. Once the watch goes on sale on April 24, it will be available in additional retail outlets, such as select department stores and boutiques, including Maxfield in Los Angeles. It's not known whether those stores will have similar requirements to order ahead of time.", u'___', u'GETTING YOUR WATCH', u"If you need help, you can come back to the store for staff to walk you through the setup and answer any other questions. Assistance will also be offered online. You'll need an iPhone 5 or later with at least iOS 8.2, which was released in March. The latest, iOS 8.3, is recommended.", u"The watch will come with a standard one-year warranty for hardware and 90 days of free telephone support. Extended coverage is available through AppleCare, but prices haven't been announced.", u'___', u'CHANGE YOUR MIND?', u'The general 14-day return policy is expected to apply, but expect some restrictions on the luxury models. Until you know for sure, don\'t count on "borrowing" a $17,000 watch for a weekend party and expecting a full refund.']), ([u'Baltimore Police Used Secret Cell Phone Surveillance Tech: Newspaper'], [u'(Reuters) - Baltimore police used secret cell phone surveillance technology more than 4,000 times in recent years under directions from the FBI not to tell courts about its use, an officer testified on Wednesday according to media reports.', u'The news comes as courts wrestle with cellphone privacy and potential violations of the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution that protects citizens from unreasonable searches and seizures of property by the government.', u'Baltimore police detective Emmanuel Cabreja testified that the FBI told prosecutors to drop cases involving the "stingray" technology if they were pressed too hard about the device, the Baltimore Sun reported.', u'Stingray devices imitate cell phone towers, making phones send identifying information.', u'Cabreja also said the police department was instructed to contact the FBI if judges or lawmakers began to ask questions, according to the Sun. He said the department had used the latest version of the stingray -- dubbed Hailstorm -- about 4,300 times since 2007, the newspaper reported.', u'Reuters could not independently verify the report. The FBI and Baltimore Police Department were not immediately available for comment.', u'The Sun published online what it said was a copy of the non-disclosure agreement between the FBI and police department outlining terms for using the technology.', u'The document said revealing details of the device -- even in criminal trials -- would "adversely impact criminal and national security investigations."', u"Florida's Supreme Court ruled in October that police must get warrants to track criminal suspects by monitoring their cellphone location signals.", u'(Reporting by Curtis Skinner in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Heavens)']), ([u'LinkedIn to Buy Online Education Company Lynda.com for $1.5 Billion'], [u'(Reuters) - Professional social network operator LinkedIn Corp said it would buy privately held online education company ', u' in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $1.5 billion.', u'Lynda.com offers courses in a number of languages aimed at improving business, technology and creative skills. Subscription fees for its courses range between $250 and $375 per year, according to its website.', u"With the integration of lynda.com and LinkedIn, users will know what skills are needed for the available jobs in their desired city, Ryan Roslansky, LinkedIn's head of content, wrote in a blog.", u'LinkedIn said it would pay about 52 percent in cash and about 48 percent in stock for the acquisition.', u"The deal will bolster LinkedIn's hiring business, which has clocked revenue growth of nearly 50 percent in each of the last three quarters, helped by rapid expansion in international markets such as China.", u'LinkedIn shares edged up 0.1 percent at midday.', u'(Reporting by Devika Krishna Kumar and Subrat Patnaik in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr and Saumyadeb Chakrabarty)']), ([u"Austrian Student's Lawsuit vs Facebook Bogged Down in Procedure"], [u'VIENNA \u2014  Facebook presented a long list of procedural objections to an Austrian court on Thursday trying to halt a class action lawsuit for 25,000 users that accuses the social media giant of  violating their privacy.', u"The first day of hearings began with a four-hour session in which Facebook's lawyers tried to convince the judge not to admit the suit brought by law student Max Schrems, 27, who is claiming 500 euros ($538) in damages for each user.", u"The suit is the latest of several legal challenges in Europe and the United States to Facebook for the way it shares users' personal data with businesses or governments. Schrems has said this may become a test case for European data protection laws.", u'"The lawsuit is inadmissible on the procedural level - the court is not responsible," Facebook\'s lawyer Nikolaus Pitkowitz told the judge. "It is unjustified in terms of content."', u'Schrems accused Facebook of engaging in delaying tactics. "This is a typical strategy, because most consumers will run out of time and money," he said.', u'The judge said a written decision on whether the court can handle the suit will come before the summer.', u'In the first hearing, attorneys for Schrems and Facebook battled on technical grounds about whether the student has the status of a private Facebook consumer and if the 25,000 plaintiffs are legally allowed to confer their rights on him.', u'Schrems is claiming damages for alleged data violations by Facebook, including by aiding the U.S. National Security Agency in running its PRISM program, which mined the personal data of Facebook users.', u'"I think we can heighten data protection with this lawsuit," Schrems\' lawyer Wolfram Proksch told reporters after the session.', u"Facebook's lawyers did not address the details of the privacy concerns mentioned in his suit and declined to comment further outside of the court room.", u'A specialist financier will bear the legal costs if Schrems loses the case and will take 20 percent of the damages if he wins, meaning users can join the case at no financial risk.', u'Schrems also has a case pending at the European Court of Justice, financed by crowdsourcing, which mainly relates to the so-called Safe Harbor agreement governing data transfers from Europe to the United States.', u"There, the European Data Protection Supervisor told the court that Safe Harbor needed to be changed to safeguard European consumers' rights and that corresponding requests for such changes had been made to the United States.", u'British regulators have investigated if Facebook, with more than 1 billion users, has violated their data protection law.', u'($1 = 0.9286 euros)', u'(Additional reporting by Julia Fioretti in Brussels; Editing by Tom Heneghan)']), ([u'Toyota to Start Tokyo Trial of Electric Three-Wheeler in Green Mobility Push'], [u"TOKYO \u2014  Tokyoites will get a chance to zip around town on Toyota Motor Corp's three-wheeled ", u'-motorbike from Friday, in a trial aimed at crafting a global business model to reduce gridlock and pollution.', u"The world's top-selling automaker will partner Japanese car-sharing service operator Park24 Co Ltd for a six-month experiment leasing the i-Road concept vehicle, with a view to setting up a green car-sharing business akin to Daimler AG's car2go service.", u'The pint-sized i-Road has two front wheels that move up and down independently of each other, allowing it to lean like a motorcycle but retain the stability of a car. Toyota has not yet decided whether to mass-produce it.', u'"Our concept was to offer something that\'s both fun and convenient for city driving," i-Road chief engineer Akihiro Yanaka told Reuters.', u'Devising smarter ways to get around - known in the industry as "smart mobility" - looks set to become a new battleground for automakers as urbanization grows, pollution worsens, and more cars clog up cities in emerging markets.', u"Germany's Daimler has taken the lead with car2go, where its 1 million-plus members in 30 European and North American cities use a mobile app to reserve the tiny Smart Fortwo car, many of which are zero-emission. Drivers pay by the minute and can drop the car off at various spots around town.", u'Ford Motor Co in January announced the Ford Smart Mobility initiative that would involve various types of trials around the world including a car-sharing service in London.', u"Toyota also has car-sharing experiments underway in its namesake city as well as in France's Grenoble, but Tokyo would be its first in a major metropolis, which it says would benefit most from the i-Road.", u'"Data shows that about 70 percent of cars in big cities are occupied by one person, with most traveling less than 10 km (6.2 miles)," said Toshiya Hayata, group manager of Toyota\'s Smart Community department. "That means the mode of transportation doesn\'t have to be a car."', u'In the upcoming trial, users can lease one of five i-Roads from the upmarket Ginza shopping district for 412 yen ($3) per 15 minutes, dropping it off at any of five spots in the capital.', u'To turn the trial into a viable business, Toyota said it would need to slash costs both for the i-Road and for operating a car-sharing network.', u'"But Daimler doesn\'t have anything smaller than the Smart," Yanaka said. "If we can make it work, the i-Road could have an advantage."', u'(Editing by Christopher Cushing)']), ([u"Apple Watch Isn't the Only Gadget Out This Week"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The public will have its first chance to see, touch and buy the Apple Watch on Friday, as Apple stores in the U.S. and eight markets abroad start previews and online orders commence.', u'Prices start at $349, but can go as high as $17,000 for a luxury edition in gold. Apple store employees will show you the range of options, including different watch cases, bands and sizes. Reservations are recommended.', u"But you won't be able to walk out with a watch. Watches will be shipped, starting April 24, with no in-store pickup option. The same applies even after the 24th, at least for the foreseeable future.", u"Although Samsung, Motorola, Sony and other companies already have been selling smartwatches, none has been a hit beyond a small group of tech devotees. The market will be watching to see if Apple's device changes the game.", u'Apple Watch requires an ', u" 5 or later with at least iOS 8.2. But iOS 8.3 is recommended. Released Wednesday, that update offers more than 300 new emojis including different skin tones and depictions of families with two moms or two dads. And no surprise, there's an Apple Watch as a character now. (Friends who haven't updated their iPhones yet will see substitute emojis, though).", u"The Apple Watch isn't the only gadget available this week. Here are five other new devices and services targeting your wallet.", u'___', u"DON'T FORGET THE MACBOOK", u"Apple's new laptop, simply called MacBook, debuts Friday. It's the company's lightest and thinnest laptop so far, making the ultra-thin MacBook Air appear bulky by comparison. Apple borrowed many design techniques from the ", u', including eliminating the fan.', u'The new MacBook comes in silver, gold or gray \u2014 the first time there has been a color choice since Apple ditched plastic for metal on its laptops. The base model is $1,299. You get double the storage and a faster processor for $1,599.', u'___', u'. OR THE NEW ANDROID PHONES', u"Samsung's Galaxy S6 phones and the HTC One M9 make their general U.S. debut in retail stores. (Online orders have been accepted for a few weeks). Samsung swapped its plastic back cover for more stylish metal and glass to better compete with the iPhone. It also improved the camera and software interface. HTC also improved its camera and has added home-screen personalization based on location. Prices vary by carrier. No-contract versions generally start at about $650.", u'___', u'HBO ONLINE', u'In time for the return of "Game of Thrones" this Sunday, HBO launched its stand-alone streaming service, HBO Now, priced at $15 a month. Initially, it\'s available only to owners of an Apple TV, iPhone or iPad, or to Cablevision\'s Internet-access subscribers. HBO Now offers the same content as HBO Go, the companion app to HBO\'s cable channels. The difference is you don\'t need a cable or satellite TV subscription.', u"You could also pay $15 a month to watch HBO shows online through Dish's Sling TV service. That's on top of Sling TV's $20 monthly fee for nearly two dozen other cable channels, including ESPN and CNN. Sling TV made HBO available Thursday.", u'___', u'SPEAKING OF STREAMING .', u"CBS' $6-a-month streaming service, All Access, is now available on Roku \u2014 the first streaming TV device for the network. The subscription offers live feeds of CBS stations in some markets \u2014 14 with CBS-owned stations, plus 56 represented by affiliates under deals announced Thursday. All Access also offers a bigger library of on-demand content than what's available for free.", u"Meanwhile, the Roku 3 player now has a new remote control with a voice search button that customers can use to see what's available across multiple streaming services such as Netflix. Another feature tracks when a movie you're interested in becomes available for streaming or gets a price cut.", u'___', u'LIVE TV ON XBOX', u'Attention cord-cutters and cord-nevers \u2014 you\'ll be able to watch free live local TV stations like CBS, Fox, NBC and PBS through Microsoft\'s Xbox One. You\'ll need an $80 dongle that connects your digital TV antenna to the game console\'s USB port. Shows will show up in the Xbox\'s TV guide and be integrated into the console\'s dual-screen "Snap" mode so users can play games and watch TV at the same time. With the Hauppage WinTV-955Q dongle, gamers can also stream the local feed to a tablet computer and pause live shows. The feature is rolling out now to Xbox One Preview members in the U.S. and Canada, and will be available to all Xbox gamers there over the next few months.', u'___', u'GOODBYE', u'OnLive, which streams high-end video games over an Internet connection (like a Netflix for games), is shutting down April 30 following Sony Corp.\'s purchase of "important parts" of the company. The service had promise, but never gained much usage. Sony purchased its rival, Gaikai, in 2012 and lets PlayStation owners stream games either for a monthly flat fee or through individual rentals. Refunds are being offered to those who bought OnLive since Feb. 1.', u'___', u'AP Technology Writers Ryan Nakashima in Los Angeles and Barbara Ortutay in New York contributed to this report.']), ([u'Phone Cameras and Apps Help Speed Calls for Police Reform'], [u'The video of the fatal shooting of an ', u' in South Carolina is seen by some advocates of police reform as evidence of the rising power of technological weapons in their fight.', u'That includes the smartphone camera, and with it, a growing number of apps produced by activists that streamline the process of capturing and broadcasting videos of police interacting with citizens.', u'\u201cA lot of times, until these videos show up, the officer is going to walk,\u201d said Darren Baptiste, the creator of Cop Watch, an iPhone app that automatically begins recording when you tap its icon and automatically uploads the video to YouTube when the recording is stopped.', u'Mr. Baptiste, 47, is an app developer in Toronto, where several episodes of force by police \u2014 some of them eventually deemed unlawful \u2014 have been captured by citizens wielding cameras over the last few years. He said that when photographing the police during intense situations, people often get flustered \u2014 they may forget to hit record, or may not know how, or where, to upload a video. There have also been cases in which police, sometimes in violation of the law, confiscated cameras or phones containing stored recordings.', u'The app, which Mr. Baptiste created with the ', u', an advocacy group based in Toronto, is meant to make recording the police easier and to make the footage less vulnerable to confiscation by the authorities. Once a user uploads a video, the group is notified, and its staff can review and, if necessary, alert the news media and authorities of any apparent wrongdoing by police.', u'Though it is only the latest in a string of cases in which amateur photography has been used to document officers\u2019 use of force, the South Carolina shooting demonstrates the power of citizen-captured video in the most salient way. Michael T. Slager, the officer in the case, initially said that Walter L. Scott, a driver who had been stopped for a broken taillight, had taken his stun gun during a scuffle. The video, captured on a cellphone by a bystander, instead showed the officer shooting Mr. Scott eight times while he ran away. On Tuesday, Mr. Slager was charged with murder.', u'Cop Watch is one of a number of programs for smartphones aimed at helping citizens broadcast encounters with the police. In 2011, during the height of the Occupy Wall Street movement, Jason Van Anden, an artist and technologist, created ', u'an app that could automatically send text messages to a list of prepopulated close contacts with the push of a button. Later, inspired by Mr. Van Anden\u2019s app, the New York Civil Liberties Union developed the ', u' app, a response to a line of policing tactics championed by then-mayor Michael Bloomberg\u2019s administration.', u'The N.Y.C.L.U. app allows a bystander to record from an Android-based phone or iPhone by just pressing a button on the phone\u2019s frame. The app can send a report of a police encounter directly to the group for evaluation.', u'\u201cWe, sadly, thought the technology would be equally useful for young men of color in New York City,\u201d said Jennifer Carnig, the director of communications for the N.Y.C.L.U. \u201cOf course, in New York City if you touch your pocket to get your phone during an encounter with the police, you can end up dead.\u201d', u'Mrs. Carnig said the app was used heavily last year during the protests surrounding the #BlackLivesMatter movement, which was spurred by the ', u', an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Mo.', u'The episodes also brought greater interest in police-worn body cameras, which record every police interaction with a citizen and upload the video to a server, where it would be available for later review. The Obama administration has called for $263 million in funding for police departments to outfit their officers with cameras.', u'At least some police advocates are comfortable, to a degree, in outfitting officers with body cameras and wearable technology to monitor police encounters with citizens. But the details of how that process might go have, in some states, slowed overall adoption of the process.', u'\u201cThere are privacy concerns for officers, victims and members of the community that need to be fully vetted,\u201d said Ryan Alphin, executive director of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Officers\u2019 Association, who is currently lobbying the state Legislature on two bills that would incorporate body camera technology into the rank-and file law enforcement agencies in the state.', u'Two of the largest police departments in the country, Los Angeles and Houston, are in the early stages of deploying body cameras to all of their field officers and dozens of smaller departments are well underway in their plans.', u'Scott Greenwood, a civil rights lawyer who focuses on police misconduct and who has consulted with police departments on how to deploy cameras, said that the rise of smartphone cameras had spurred police interest in body cameras.', u'\u201cLaw enforcement should not hope to rely on the existence of external video of witnesses,\u201d he said. \u201cIt is best for the profession, community relations, and solid, constitutional policing to have the police departments create that record itself, and the best way to do that is on the officer.\u201d', u'When it comes to citizen-captured video, there are few questions regarding legality, said Mickey Osterreicher, general counsel of the National Press Photographers Association. Mr. Osterreicher said that he talked to people on a weekly basis who had been told by police to stop recording their activities. In almost all cases, the police are wrong to do so.', u'\u201cIf you are in a public place, you have the right to record anything you see,\u201d he said. \u201cThat is the First Amendment.\u201d', u'There are exceptions for safety and for interference with police work. An officer can tell a camera-wielding bystander to step back a few feet, or to step out of a dangerous place, like a busy street. Mr. Osterreicher said that he frequently conducted training sessions with police departments on their responsibilities when being filmed.', u'\u201cThe younger officers get it \u2014 they\u2019re used to being filmed,\u201d he said, and some also see the footage as a way to clear up any accusations of wrongdoing. \u201cThe older officers are the ones who sometimes see it as questioning their authority.\u201d', u'So far, the Cop Watch app has not garnered evidence of police misconduct. Usage has been low. In the year that the app has been available, Mr. Baptiste said that about 2,000 people have signed in to the program, and about 1,000 videos have been uploaded, most of which show people trying out the program.', u'\u201cThis is truly one of those things that you hope people wouldn\u2019t want to use it,\u201d Mr. Baptiste said. \u201cThe main point of this app is to make people talk about why we have an app like this in the first place.\u201d']), ([u'HBO Now Makes \u2018Game of Thrones\u2019 Easier to See, if Not Follow'], [u'THE popular television show \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d has become harder to follow, with all the characters that come and go. But it has also become much easier to watch online.', u'This week, ', u', the premium cable channel that broadcasts \u201cGame of Thrones,\u201d released an app, ', u' Now, for streaming its programs with no cable subscription required.', u'Read that again. No cable subscription required \u2014 and no contract or commitment. For cord-cutters, those of us who have abandoned cable television plans, this is a huge coup and a stark contrast from the situation just a few years ago.', u'The problem facing cord-cutters was depicted in 2012, when ', u' ', u', ridiculed HBO for making it difficult to watch \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d online. In the strip, a boy who gets his TV from Internet sources like Netflix fails to find a way to download the show legally and ends up watching pirated episodes.', u'The cheeky comic strip was somewhat prescient. In 2012, \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d was the ', u', with 4.3 million downloads for a single episode, according to the website TorrentFreak.', u'With the HBO Now app, HBO is adding to the new array of options available to people who want to give up their cable subscriptions and choose only the movies and TV shows they actually want to see. (My colleague Emily Steel gave a ', u' last month.)', u'Before this week, the primary method to watch HBO on a streaming device was through the HBO Go app, which required a cable subscription. And even that was a bit complicated \u2014 some cable providers chose not to support the app on certain devices even if their customers did subscribe to the channel.', u'But enough of the old regime \u2014 let\u2019s move on to the new one. The HBO Now app is, for the most part, available on ', u' devices for the time being. On Tuesday, ahead of Sunday\u2019s premiere of Season 5 of \u201cGame of Thrones,\u201d HBO Now was released for ', u' devices, including the iPhone, iPad and Apple TV. ', u'\u2019s broadband customers can also get access to the service through an Apple device or computer web browser. The HBO Now service costs $15 a month, though the first month is free.', u'So how do cord-cutters tune in? Apple and HBO began pushing out the HBO Now software on Tuesday, and HBO listed the ', u' for signing up for the service on its website.', u'To summarize: Customers with black Apple TV set-top boxes should have automatically received the new HBO Now app by now. (The devices should be running the latest version of Apple TV\u2019s software.)', u'Apple customers with an iPhone or iPad will be able to download the HBO Now app from the App Store. They can subscribe to the service through the App Store\u2019s in-app payment system, or through an iTunes account on the Apple TV. Then they tune in on those Apple devices by using the HBO Now app, or by opening ', u' on a computer web browser.', u'\u2019s Internet subscribers can order the service on the company\u2019s website, ', u' ', u', or by calling 866-262-9329. Cablevision customers can then log into the HBO Now app on Apple devices, or through a web browser by visiting ', u'.', u'Apple has a loose exclusive on HBO Now. For 90 days, Apple will be the only digital device maker offering the app. But the terms of the exclusive partnership do not apply to cable providers like Comcast or Time Warner Cable. Those providers could offer HBO Now today, though neither of those companies has announced plans to support it yet. Right now the only options are Apple or Cablevision.', u'All that said, overseas customers are out of luck: The HBO Now app is available only in the United States. Jeff Cusson, a spokesman for HBO, said the company \u201chas no plans at this time to go overseas with it.\u201d He noted, however, that the network has a broad international business, offering its programming in more than 60 countries and licensing its content in over 150 markets.', u'There is one more way to watch the \u201cGame of Thrones\u201d premiere this weekend without a standard cable subscription: Sling TV. That is Dish Network\u2019s $20-a-month Internet TV service, which includes a slimmer bundle of channels.', u'Last week, Dish ', u' it would offer Sling TV users access to HBO for an extra $15 a month. Sling TV users will get HBO\u2019s live channel, as well as on-demand content, and the overall service does not require a contract commitment.']), ([u'French Broadcaster TV5Monde Hacked: Yahoo News'], [u'(Reuters) - French television network TV5Monde was hacked late on Wednesday by individuals claiming they support Islamic State, Yahoo News reported, citing a report by Agence France-Presse (AFP).', u'The network was not able to broadcast from any of its channels and its social media sites and websites were "displaying claims of responsibility by Islamic State," TV5Monde\'s Director General Yves Bigot told AFP, according to the Yahoo report.', u'(Reporting by Ankush Sharma in Bengaluru)']), ([u'Diagnosing a Syncing Problem With iTunes'], [u' ', u' ', u'\u2018s iTunes software can automatically ', u' on iPads, iPhones and iPod Touch players with Mac and Windows computers, but even if the feature is enabled in the iTunes settings, a few other conditions apply. For instance, the iOS devices need to be plugged in to a power source and iTunes must be open on the computer, even if the mobile devices are not nearby. Everything must be on the same wireless network, too.', u'Even if you do not have the iPad or iPhone plugged in for recharging, you should be able to manually sync it. Open iTunes on the computer, click the ', u', select the iOS device you want to use and click the Sync button at the bottom of the window.', u'If everything appears to be set up correctly and you still cannot sync wirelessly, ', u' suggests ', u'.', u'These include quitting and reopening iTunes, ', u' the iOS devices, checking your Wi-Fi connections (including checking for interference from other wireless hardware like cordless phones) and rebooting your network router. You should also make sure your computer\u2019s firewall settings are not blocking the connection.', u' ', u' According to ', u', the Internet Explorer browser will still be available to use in the coming ', u' operating system this year, but it will not be the default browser anymore.', u'The company is introducing a new program, ', u' which will be the main browser for Windows 10.', u'If you want or need to use Internet Explorer on Windows 10, you should be able to ', u' area on the new system. ', u'\u2019s development team will ', u' for the older browser, but do not expect new features because the company\u2019s focus will be on Project Spartan. This new browser will include faster performance, the ability to mark up web pages and ', u', Microsoft\u2019s voice-activated assistant software.', u' Have you ever wanted to rename a whole group of files at once? Although earlier versions of Mac OS X did not make it easy (without extra software or scripts), OS X 10.10 Yosemite can ', u'.', u'Just select all the files you want to change (like a folder of vacation pictures), and right-click the selected group to see the contextual menu; you can also hold down the Control key while clicking to get the menu. Choose Rename Items from the menu. The box that appears offers multiple ways to rename the selected files, including replacing part of the existing name, adding text to the file name or creating a new name format and numbering system that changes the camera\u2019s numeric photo titles to more descriptive file names like \u201cParis (1).jpg,\u201d \u201cParis (2).jpg\u201d and so on.', u'Windows has included the ability to easily rename a batch of files since at least ', u'. In ', u' and later, you can rename multiple files after you select them by right-clicking and choosing Rename from the menu. In the desktop mode of ', u', you can also rename selected files by clicking the Home tab at the top of the window. Select the Rename icon there and type in the new group name for the files.']), ([u'Zynga CEO Resigns, Founder Mark Pincus Steps Back In'], [u'(Reuters) - In an abrupt changing of the guard, Zynga has announced that Chief Executive Don Mattrick will step down and founder Mark Pincus will return to lead the company as it struggles to adapt to the changing tastes of gamers.', u"Zynga Inc's shares, which have been below $5 for over a year, were down as much as 11 percent at $2.58 in extended trading following the news.", u'Sterne, Agee & Leach analyst Arvind Bhatia said the leadership change had sent the "wrong message" because the San Francisco-based company was beginning to move in the right direction under Mattrick.', u'Mattrick, who Zynga said will receive a $4 million payout, was given the top job in 2013 to help turn around the company\'s waning fortunes after it failed to capitalize on the popularity of its "FarmVille" game with new hits. As chief executive, he focused on accelerating Zynga\'s mobile game efforts.', u"Pincus stayed on as Zynga's chairman and chief product officer at the time and relinquished the last of his operational duties last year.", u'The company said he has requested an annual salary of $1 as CEO.', u"Mattrick, who headed Microsoft Corp's Xbox business before joining Zynga, will also leave the board, the company said.", u'"I plan to return to Canada to pursue my next challenge," Mattrick said in a statement.', u'Barclays analyst Chris Merwin said Zynga now needs "to prove they\u2019re able to execute even during yet another leadership transition if they hope to regain investor\u2019s confidence."', u'Zynga suffered a dramatic reversal of fortune in 2012 as gamers dropped its lucrative, Facebook-based desktop games for mobile offerings from rivals such as King Digital Entertainment Plc, maker of "Candy Crush Saga.', u"Pincus founded Zynga, once one of Silicon Valley's fastest growing companies, in 2007, and the path to recovery has been tortuous. It posted a loss of $226 million last year and non-GAAP revenue dwindled to $694 million from $1.15 billion in 2012.", u'In February, Zynga said it would launch six to 10 new mobile titles this year after it reported bookings of $182.4 million, about $19 million less than expected, according to research firm StreetAccount.', u'The company is also facing a U.S. lawsuit that accuses it of defrauding shareholders about its prospects before and after its December 2011 initial public offering.', u'(Reporting by Lehar Maan and Sai Sachin R in Bengaluru and Malathi Nayak in New York; Editing by Don Sebastian and Andre Grenon)']), ([u'Video Feature: Take On the World With Trivia Game Apps'], [u'WHEN I\u2019m out with friends I sometimes challenge them with a few trivia questions for fun. But plenty of trivia quiz smartphone apps can do a much better job than I do, and they have social media features too.', u'Trivia Crack is probably the hottest trivia quiz app, and for good reason: It\u2019s fun and satisfying to play and keeps you coming back to play more.', u'Think of the game as equivalent to the kind of general-knowledge-based quiz show on TV. You compete against an opponent to see who can better answer a string of questions from categories like science, sports, art and more. You win by gathering \u201ccharacters\u201d representing each category quicker than your opponent does.', u'The gameplay is wonderfully simple. But don\u2019t assume the game is overly basic or boring, because it adds some nice touches. You can play against random opponents from around the world or challenge Facebook friends, which makes the game more personal: Everyone likes being able to beat friends at a silly game.', u'As well as answering questions, you can also submit your own questions \u2014 and if you\u2019re lucky other users will see your questions alongside those from the game\u2019s developers.', u'Its interface makes Trivia Crack easy to use, the graphics are cheerful and the questions will really puzzle you from time to time. It\u2019s not perfect, however, and you can often encounter questions that seem too easy or that you have seen before.', u'Be careful of the in-app purchases, too. These are tempting because they let you buy things like extra turns, so you are going to want to disable in-app buying if you let a youngster play Trivia Crack on your phone. Since the app is free on ', u', ', u' and ', u', you can see how much fun it is without spending a penny.', u'Despite Trivia Crack\u2019s runaway popularity, I actually prefer another trivia game app, QuizUp, because it is slightly more sophisticated in design and I find the questions and game mechanics more interesting.', u'QuizUp also lets you challenge a friend from Facebook or play against a random opponent. But the game rules are different from Trivia Crack\u2019s: You play against the clock and win by correctly answering questions more swiftly than your opponent.', u'There are just seven rounds per game, and when you win you increase your \u201cexperience points\u201d score in the question category you\u2019ve chosen. A higher score brings rewards like complimentary nicknames that match your category. If you are very clever, you can earn trophies, like becoming the best in your country in a category.', u'The app\u2019s home page offers new categories to test your knowledge, shows game challenges your friends have made and suggests categories based on what you have played most frequently and most recently. There is also the option to chat with other players, which can be fun and interesting if your opponent is a stranger.', u'QuizUp\u2019s interface is polished and easy to use, the questions can be challenging depending on the category and each game is swift. You will encounter overly easy questions occasionally and if you play a particular category often enough you will definitely see questions repeated. But there are hundreds of categories, so the app can remain interesting.', u'QuizUp is free for ', u' and ', u', but again watch out for those in-app purchases \u2014 they\u2019re not critical for gameplay, but tempt you by letting you rise through the ranks more swiftly.', u'TriviaBurst is an alternative to these two apps, available for ', u', ', u', ', u' and ', u' (The BlackBerry and Windows Phone editions haven\u2019t been updated in a long time, so their reliability may not be great. The BlackBerry version is $1; the others are free.)', u'TriviaBurst is a more stripped-down entry in this category. It has a more basic interface and a much smaller question pool, 70,000 questions. But this app still offers a good challenge, and like QuizUp and Trivia Crack you can play against strangers or take on Facebook friends.', u'I like this app\u2019s uncluttered design. But I do find the menus to be a little inconsistent and confusing. Also, while it is always nice to get questions right, somehow it doesn\u2019t feel very rewarding when you win a game in TriviaBurst.', u'Lastly, if you\u2019re a movie buff, you\u2019ll love Movie Cat 2, a quiz app covering just one category: films. I\u2019m fond of this app because of its cute graphics and clever gameplay. It also has a nice two-player mode. The app costs $2, is only on ', u', and has only a few thousand questions, but they come in the form of visual puzzles as well as straightforward questions and answers.', u'Microsoft\u2019s scanner app Office Lens, previously only for Windows Phone, is now available for ', u' and Android devices. The app lets you \u201cscan\u201d paper documents with a phone\u2019s camera; it automatically recognizes the text on them, so documents like business cards and receipts can be edited and stored. The app is free, though on ', u' it\u2019s in a beta test edition.']), ([u'Apple Watch Review: Bliss, but Only After a Steep Learning Curve'], [u'It took three days \u2014 three long, often confusing and frustrating days \u2014 for me to fall for the ', u' Watch. But once I fell, I fell hard.', u'First there was a day to learn the device\u2019s initially complex user interface. Then another to determine how it could best fit it into my life. And still one more to figure out exactly what ', u'\u2019s first major new product in five years is trying to do \u2014 and, crucially, what it isn\u2019t.', u'It was only on Day 4 that I began appreciating the ways in which ', u'. By notifying me of digital events as soon as they happened, and letting me act on them instantly, without having to fumble for my phone, the Watch became something like a natural extension of my body \u2014 a direct link, in a way that I\u2019ve never felt before, from the digital world to my brain. The effect was so powerful that people who\u2019ve previously commented on my addiction to my smartphone started noticing a change in my behavior; my wife told me that I seemed to be getting lost in my phone less than in the past. She found that a blessing.', u'The Apple Watch is far from perfect, and, starting at $350 and going all the way up to $17,000, it isn\u2019t cheap. Though it looks quite smart, with a selection of stylish leather and metallic bands that make for a ', u', the Apple Watch works like a first-generation device, with all the limitations and flaws you\u2019d expect of brand-new technology.', u'What\u2019s more, unlike previous breakthrough Apple products, the Watch\u2019s software requires a learning curve that may deter some people. There\u2019s a good chance it will not work perfectly for most consumers right out of the box, because it is best after you fiddle with various software settings to personalize use. Indeed, to a degree unusual for a new Apple device, the Watch is not suited for tech novices. It is designed for people who are inundated with notifications coming in through their phones, and for those who care to think about, and want to try to manage, the way the digital world intrudes on their lives.', u'Still, even if it\u2019s not yet for everyone, Apple is on to something with the device. The Watch is just useful enough to prove that the tech industry\u2019s fixation on computers that people can wear may soon bear fruit. In that way, using the Apple Watch over the last week reminded me of using the first ', u'. Apple\u2019s first smartphone was revolutionary not just because it did what few other phones could do, but also because it showed off the possibilities of a connected mobile computer. As the ', u' and its copycats became more powerful and ubiquitous, the mobile computer became the basis of a wide range of powerful new tech applications, from messaging to ride-sharing to payments.', u'Similarly, the most exciting thing about the Apple Watch isn\u2019t the device itself, but the new tech vistas that may be opened by the first mainstream wearable computer. On-body devices have obvious uses in health care and payments. As the tech analyst Tim Bajarin has written, Apple also seems to be pushing a vision of the Watch as a ', u', a nearly bionic way to open your hotel room, board a plane, call up an Uber or otherwise have the physical world respond to your desires nearly automatically.', u'These situations suggest that the Watch may push us to new heights of collective narcissism. Yet in my week with the device, I became intrigued by the opposite possibility \u2014 that it could address some of the social angst wrought by smartphones. The Apple Watch\u2019s most ingenious feature is its \u201ctaptic engine,\u201d which alerts you to different digital notifications by silently tapping out one of several distinct patterns on your wrist. As you learn the taps over time, you will begin to register some of them almost subconsciously: incoming phone calls and alarms feel throbbing and insistent, a text feels like a gentle massage from a friendly bumblebee, and a coming calendar appointment is like the persistent pluck of a harp. After a few days, I began to get snippets of information from the digital world without having to look at the screen \u2014 or, if I had to look, I glanced for a few seconds rather than minutes.', u'If such on-body messaging systems become more pervasive, wearable devices can become more than a mere flashy accessory to the phone. The Apple Watch could usher in a transformation of social norms just as profound as those we saw with its brother, the smartphone \u2014 except, amazingly, in reverse.', u'For now, the dreams are hampered by the harsh realities of a new device. The Watch is not an iPhone on your wrist. It has a different set of input mechanisms \u2014 there\u2019s the digital crown, a knob used for scrolling and zooming, and a touch screen that can be pressed down harder for extra options. There is no full on-screen keyboard, so outbound messages are confined to a set of default responses, emoji and, when you\u2019re talking to other Watch users, messages that you can draw or tap.', u'The Watch also relies heavily on voice dictation and the voice assistant Siri, which is more useful on your wrist than on your phone, but still just as hit-or-miss. I grew used to calling on Siri to set kitchen timers or reminders while I was cooking, or to look up the weather while I was driving. And I also grew used to her getting these requests wrong almost as often as she got them right.', u'The Watch also has a completely different software design from a smartphone. Though it has a set of apps, interactions are driven more by incoming notifications as well as a summary view of some apps, known as glances. But because there isn\u2019t much room on the watch\u2019s screen for visual cues indicating where you are \u2014 in an app, a notification or a glance \u2014 in the early days, you\u2019ll often find yourself lost, and something that works in one place won\u2019t work in another.', u'Finding nirvana with the watch involves adjusting your notification settings on your phone so that your wrist does not constantly buzz with information that doesn\u2019t make sense on the Watch \u2014 like Facebook status updates, messages from Snapchat, or every single email about brownies in the office kitchen. Apple\u2019s notification settings have long been unduly laborious; battling them while your hand is buzzing off the hook is an extra level of discomfort.', u'Other problems: Third-party apps are mostly useless right now. The Uber app didn\u2019t load for me, the Twitter app is confusing and the app for Starwood hotels mysteriously deleted itself and then hung up on loading when I reinstalled it. In the end, though, it did let me open a room at the W Hotel in Manhattan just by touching the watch face to the door.', u'I also used the Watch to pay for New York cabs and groceries at Whole Foods, and to present my boarding pass to security agents at the airport. When these encounters worked, they were magical, like having a secret key to unlock the world right on my arm. What\u2019s most thrilling about the Apple Watch, unlike other smartwatches I\u2019ve tried, is the way it invests a user with a general sense of empowerment. If Google brought all of the world\u2019s digital information to our computers, and the iPhone brought it to us everywhere, the Watch builds the digital world directly into your skin. It takes some time getting used to, but once it clicks, this is a power you can\u2019t live without.', u'The ', u' last week that it had created \u201cone-sentence stories\u201d for the Apple Watch, so let me end this review with a note that could fit on the watch\u2019s screen: The first Apple Watch may not be for you \u2014 but someday soon, it will change your world.']), ([u'Dear Diary: My Week Wearing an Apple Watch'], [u'I ', u' last Wednesday at ', u' headquarters in Cupertino, Calif. After interviewing some of the designers and engineers who worked on the device, I was given a guided tour of the watch, similar to what customers will receive when they buy one at an Apple Store.', u'The device that Apple lent me was the 42-millimeter stainless steel watch with a Milanese loop band, which sells for $699. The Apple Watch\u2019s bands are interchangeable; I was also given an extra leather band (bright blue, $149) and a sport band made of a kind of rubbery plastic that sells for $49.', u'Over a week, I took notes of the highs and lows of using Apple\u2019s new device. Here\u2019s my diary:', u'In Cupertino, an Apple guide walked me through how easy it is to pair the watch with my ', u' (the device gets its Internet connection from a nearby iPhone) and then showed me the watch\u2019s interface. While the demo looked simple, there are unseen depths to the watch. Figuring out what it can do, and how, takes a few days of adjusting.', u'There are two primary input methods for the watch, the touch screen and the digital crown, or the little knob on the side of the device. The screen is similar to any touch screen you\u2019ve used. The main difference is that it does not accept some actions you know from your phone, including pinch-to-zoom. It also accepts a novel gesture not found on phones, called Force Touch. With that gesture, you press the screen harder than you normally do to unearth extra controls on certain screens.', u'The crown, which turns with the weighty precision you would expect of a fine watch, performs a few functions. You press the crown in to switch between the clock face and your home screen of apps; sometimes, pressing the crown also acts as a back button. If you press and hold down the crown, you invoke the Siri voice assistant. You can also call up Siri by holding your wrist up and saying, \u201cHey Siri!\u201d \u2014 which is awkward in public but addictive in private.', u'The crown\u2019s main functions involve scrolling and zooming. When you\u2019re on a screen with a list of items or a long screed of text, turning the crown will scroll up or down.', u'Although you can also scroll by flicking the screen, scrolling with the crown can be faster and more precise than using the touch screen, and your finger isn\u2019t covering what you\u2019re trying to look at. When you\u2019re on a screen with images or icons \u2014 like your home screen of apps, or the Photos or Maps app \u2014 turning the crown will zoom in and out of the image.', u'In addition to these primary input methods, you\u2019ve also got to remember four types of screens from which different functions can be performed. These are the clock face, the notifications panel, apps and glances.', u'Let\u2019s go over them here:', u'The face is just what it sounds like, one of 10 different timepiece screens you can choose from that show the time, and, on some screens, lots of extra information, including the date, calendar entries, or the position of the sun in the sky. As with most smartwatches, the Apple Watch\u2019s screen is usually off. It turns on to show the clock face when you turn your wrist toward your face.', u'If you swipe down from the clock face, you\u2019ll see the notifications panel. Think of it as you would the list of notifications on your phone \u2014 tiny missives from apps seeking to get your attention. Some notifications will also trigger alerts that will cause the watch to make a sound or to buzz its \u201ctaptic engine,\u201d the mechanism that causes the watch to tap on your wrist.', u'Apps on the watch are similar to those on a phone: They\u2019re little programs that perform discrete functions. The watch comes with more than a dozen apps made by Apple, and many third-party developers, including The New York Times, have also built watch apps that are companions to their iPhone apps. The watch apps are packaged with iPhone apps; when you install them on your phone, they automatically become available for your watch.', u'The final primary interface element \u2014 and the one that feels the least Apple-y, because it adds a layer of confusion without much attendant utility \u2014 is something called a glance. Glances are quick, summary views of certain apps that you can see by swiping up from the watch face. For instance, the glance for the Weather app shows you the current temperature and your location; the Calendar glance shows you your next appointment.', u'If all this sounds complicated, you\u2019re right. It is slightly difficult to get the hang of the Apple Watch, at least at first. The biggest problem is figuring out which types of actions are available on which screens. For instance, if you get an email notification, you can\u2019t swipe left on the message to archive it, because that quick action is available only from the Mail app, not the notification for the Mail app \u2014 which is confusing, because the two screens are nearly identical visually. Or, if you\u2019re in the glance for the Maps app, you can\u2019t move the map around; to do that, you\u2019ve got to go to the full Maps app, which looks initially just like the glance.', u'It took me at least a day to feel confident at shuttling around the different parts of the watch. Since it\u2019s a brand-new device, it stands to reason there will be a bit of a learning curve involved. Still, the Apple Watch presents an uncharacteristic first impression, one that many may find daunting.', u'For several years, some techies have argued that the best way to separate us from our phones is to add some new device to our lives, preferably something attached to our bodies. This was the main justification for ', u', and in the last few weeks it has become one of the major ', u' of the Apple Watch. The theory goes like this: Because it is fixed on your wrist, and because its interface is tuned for quick interaction rather than complex tasks, a smartwatch can let you take care of digital demands faster than your phone.', u'This idea is nice, but to get it to work, you\u2019ve got to decide which notifications you want to get on your watch, and which you don\u2019t. When you first set it up, the watch generally mirrors the notifications you\u2019ve set for your phone: If you now get an iPhone alert when a friend changes her Facebook profile photo, you\u2019ll get one on your Apple Watch. (The system is smart enough to alert you in just one place \u2014 it doesn\u2019t buzz your watch if you\u2019re looking at your phone.) But because the phone and the watch are such different devices, mirroring notifications between them often makes little sense.', u'For instance, since there\u2019s isn\u2019t (yet) a Facebook app for the Apple Watch, notifications for Facebook on the watch are essentially useless \u2014 your wrist buzzes with a note that your friend has changed her profile photo, but when you tap the Facebook notification, nothing happens.', u'Even for apps that are available for the watch, mirroring the phone\u2019s notifications is not necessarily the best decision. Do you want every email to buzz your wrist, or just those from your VIPs? How about social apps like Twitter \u2014 when should you let them ring your watch?', u'I spent many hours pondering such questions, and there was a lot of fine-tuning in the notification screen on my phone. In other words, it didn\u2019t just work.', u'On your wrist, the Apple Watch feels like any other watch. It isn\u2019t too big, it isn\u2019t too heavy, and it is handsomely elegant without being flashy. The shiny Milanese band was my favorite of the three I tried, even though its magnetic clasp periodically loosens up during the course of the day, requiring adjustment. Like anything you wear for the first time, you\u2019ll notice the watch in the early hours after you put it on, but you\u2019ll quickly forget it\u2019s there until you need it.', u'I was surprised to discover that the Apple Watch didn\u2019t command much notice from others, either. I used it in public in the San Francisco Bay Area and in Manhattan for a week, and only a handful of people asked what it was.', u'Even when I made a show of using it, like holding it up to pay for groceries at Whole Foods or to present my digital boarding pass at San Francisco International Airport, nobody really said anything.', u'By the way, it worked perfectly at Whole Foods and at the security checkpoint at the airport, but there was a hitch before boarding the plane \u2014 my wrist couldn\u2019t fit under Virgin America\u2019s scanner, so, like a time traveler visiting from the olden days, I had to access the boarding pass on my phone. #Firstworldproblems.', u'When Apple unveiled the watch last year, it did not specify how long the battery would last between charges. For me, the battery consistently lasted at least a full day. On a day of heavy use it got to about 10 percent of power left by bedtime. But on most days I noticed robust battery life, with 20 to 30 percent remaining on the battery bar at the end of a day, which is far better than I fare with my phone. The watch\u2019s charger, a little magnetic disc that sits on your bedside table, is excellent. The watch attaches and detaches from it with ease, so charging it nightly isn\u2019t difficult.', u'Another unexpectedly nice feature was making phone calls from my wrist. It sounds dumb. It looks dumb. But when I got a call in the middle of something else \u2014 cooking, slumping on the couch \u2014 tapping my wrist and chatting was easier than searching for the phone. You don\u2019t have to hold your wrist up to your face like Dick Tracy; the microphone is powerful enough to pick up sound while you use your hands normally. In a strange way, the watch makes phone calling \u2014 which smartphones have been killing in favor of messaging \u2014 more interesting than texting, because the watch has no alphanumeric keyboard.', u'You can send messages from the watch, but it\u2019s limited. One way is to dictate your message, but that isn\u2019t perfect. You can also send emoji or default responses (things like \u201cO.K.\u201d or \u201cI\u2019m on the way!\u201d), but those options aren\u2019t often sufficient to get across a range of emotions.', u'For similar reasons, Apple has restricted outbound email. You can triage your messages \u2014 archive them, mark them as read or unread, flag them \u2014 but you can\u2019t respond, not even with emoji or canned responses like my standard response to most emailers, \u201cThanks but no thanks, chump.\u201d I found this less than stellar: I would have loved at least a set of canned responses. In general, I found the Mail app to be something of a pain to use, and I\u2019m hoping that Apple or some third-party creates the perfect mailbox for the watch.', u'There is something magical about having a computer that no one notices right there on your wrist. I first experienced this magic while at lunch with a colleague. I\u2019m usually a wreck at such meetings, because while I try to refrain from looking at my phone, my mind is constantly jonesing for the next digital hit.', u'Lunch today is different. My iPhone remains hidden deep in my pocket, and to all the world I am the picture of the predigital man. It is the middle of the workday, the busiest time for digital communication. Yet with the Apple Watch on my wrist, my mind remains calm, my compulsion to check the phone suddenly at bay. After spending the last few days customizing my notification settings, my watch is a hornet\u2019s nest of activity. It buzzes every few minutes to indicate incoming email and texts, tweets or Slack messages.', u'The buzzes aren\u2019t annoying. They go completely unnoticed by my colleague, while to an addict like me they\u2019re little hits of methadone \u2014 just enough contact with the digital world to whet my appetite, but not nearly as immersive, and socially disruptive, as reaching for my phone and eyeing its screen. I not only register the watch\u2019s buzzes, but several times while we\u2019re chatting, I surreptitiously check its screen. I scan some incoming messages and tweets, and even flag a couple of emails for later.', u'At the end of the meal, I ask my colleague if she\u2019s noticed me checking my watch. She is surprised; she hasn\u2019t seen it.', u'The Apple Watch has two ways of measuring physical activity. One way is passive: In the background, it constantly measure your steps, how often you stand up and, periodically, your heart rate. It displays these three activities ingeniously; there is a diagram depicting three rings that become fully-closed circles as you get closer to completing your daily activity goals. As you go through the day, the watch prompts you to move around more often if you start to feel slothful. Every hour, it reminds you to stand up.', u'I found the prompts helpful. There\u2019s nothing revolutionary about it; I\u2019ve tried lots of activity trackers in the past, and the watch doesn\u2019t do much more than the cheapest ones. But as part of a device that you\u2019ll wear for other reasons, having a general-purpose health app is pretty handy.', u'The Apple Watch can also measure more strenuous exercise. There\u2019s a dedicated app to track your runs, bike rides and other physical activity. After some initial calibration with your phone, the watch can measure your workout distance even when you leave the phone at home. I would love to tell you that the app put me through its paces, but that would be a lie. I spent most of the week as I normally do \u2014 with slight but hardly strenuous daily activity, and never quite approaching the level of an actual workout.', u'The cynic might point out that even if the Apple Watch does liberate you from your phone, your escape is only illusory \u2014 you\u2019re still attached to the digital world, and you\u2019re only escaping for yet another screen. Is that really a positive direction either for you or for society? And to the extent that the watch begins to replace your phone, won\u2019t you just start spending more of your time on its tinier screen, eventually rebuffing the real world again, just like you did on your smartphone?', u'Surely smartwatches aren\u2019t going to be a panacea for tech-induced antisocial behavior.', u'But after a few days with the Apple Watch, I get a sense that they do more good than harm. It\u2019s not just that interactions on the watch are speedier and less socially intrusive than those on the phone. The Apple Watch also has another, hidden benefit: It is far less immersive than a phone. There just isn\u2019t that much to do on such a tiny screen, so you rarely feel yourself getting sucked in and lost.', u'Consider this: The Apple Watch has no web browser. If you come upon a web link in an email message, a tweet or some other app, tapping it does nothing. This absence eliminates whole avenues of procrastination \u2014 there\u2019s no Google, Wikipedia or BuzzFeed.', u'While there are some news and entertainment apps for the watch, they consume precious little time.', u'And that, to me, is the biggest difference between this device and a phone. The watch, for now, is all business, aimed solely at improving your productivity. For some users, that alone might be worth several hundred dollars.']), ([u'U.S. FCC Imposes $25 Million Fine on AT&T Over Customer Data Breach'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  The Federal Communications Commission reached a $25 million settlement with AT&T Inc over a consumer data breach at call centers in Mexico, Colombia and the Philippines, the U.S. communications regulator said on Wednesday.', u'The breaches led to unauthorized disclosure of names and full or partial ', u' numbers and illegal access to account information of about 280,000 U.S customers of AT&T, a senior FCC official told reporters on a conference call.', u'The data was used by call center employees to request handset-unlock codes for AT&T phones and shared with third parties who seem to have been trafficking stolen cell phones, the official said. The breaches occurred in 2013 and 2014.', u'AT&T said in a statement: "We are terminating vendor sites as appropriate. We\u2019ve changed our policies and strengthened our operations."', u'The $25 million civil penalty levied on the No. 2 wireless carrier is the largest data security enforcement action to date, the FCC official added.', u'In October, the FCC imposed a $10 million fine on telecom companies TerraCom and YourTel for consumer privacy breaches.', u"The FCC launched an investigation into improper disclosure of customer information at AT&T's Mexico call centers in May. Shortly after that AT&T informed the agency of additional data breaches in Colombia and Philippines, the official said.", u'AT&T has been taking steps to inform affected customers, the company said.', u'(Reporting by Malathi Nayak; editing by Matthew Lewis and Andrew Hay)']), ([u'Hillary Clinton Hires Google Executive as Tech Chief'], [u"WASHINGTON \u2014  Likely 2016 Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hired a Google executive to serve as her chief technology officer, a person familiar with the campaign's planning said on Wednesday.", u"Clinton hired Stephanie Hannon, Google's director of product management for civic innovation and social impact, to run her technology operations, according to the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity.", u'Clinton, the former secretary of state, U.S. senator and first lady, is widely seen as the frontrunner for the Democratic nomination for president even though she has not formally announced her candidacy. She is expected to do so this month and has signed a lease for a Brooklyn, New York, office building to house her campaign.', u'Likely presidential candidates from both parties are hiring digital advisors who can help them build websites and apps to interact with voters and try new fundraising techniques.', u'Hannon previously worked on Google Maps and Gmail and worked shorter stints at Facebook and event organizing site Eventbrite, according to her LinkedIn profile.', u'A Google spokesman did not immediately reply to a request for comment.', u'The Washington Post first reported the hire.', u'(This verion of the story adds confirmation from person familiar with planning)', u'(Editing by Will Dunham)']), ([u'3D Virtual Objects That Can Be Touched and Felt'], [u"British company Ultrahaptics has developed a unique technology that enables users to receive tactile sensations from invisible three dimension objects floating in mid-air. Using ultrasound to precisely project sensations through the air, users can 'feel' and interact with virtual objects.", u"Professor Sriram Subramanian, who co-developed the haptic technology at the University of Bristol's Computer Science Department, explained that their device applies the principles of acoustic radiation force, whereby sound waves produce forces on the skin which are strong enough to generate tactile sensations.", u'"If you go to a night club or a rock concert, you feel the music in your chest. And it\'s the same principal - you feel the sound vibrating your chest. And instead of using the bass sounds, what we use is low frequency ultrasound - about 40 kHz - and that way we can target it at a precise point on your finger tip or on your palm, and then you feel the palm vibrate and it feel precise as well."', u'By focusing complex patterns of ultrasound emanating from a specially designed pad, the air disturbances can be manipulated into floating 3D shapes that can be felt.', u'The Bristol-based company recently announced the closing of a \xa3600,000 (approx. 918,000 USD) seed round of investment. The financing allowed the company to accelerate the development of the Ultrahaptic device, including substantially improving the computing power and performance of the technology.', u'"Typically what we\'ve done is try to create one focal point at a time. And that\'s been computationally quite expensive until now. What we\'ve doubled up right now is a way we can speed up this process substantially. And that means that, instead of doing one at a time, I can do hundreds at a time. And when I do hundreds at a time and put a hundred focal points around your finger tip or around your palm, those hundred feel like a circle. And if I track your palm and move them up and down, and if I change the diameter of these focal points, you start feeling like you are going through a sphere. And this is how we generate shapes," said Subramanian.', u"While the team's device is still in the prototype stage, they believe it has a diverse range of potential real world applications; with touchable holograms, immersive virtual reality that you can feel and complex touchable controls in mid-air all possible applications of the system. They say it could even enable surgeons to explore a CT letting them to feel a disease, such as a tumour, using haptic feedback.", u"Touchless technologies, including virtual and augmented reality (AR), have become increasingly advanced in delivering a multi-sensory experience to the user. But while sight and sound can be replicated using gadgets such as Facebook's Oculus Rift virtual reality headset and Google Glass, the sense of touch has long been seen as a step too far into science fiction. But the team at Ultrahaptic hopes to change all that and say their device could offer the crucial sense of touch to existing virtual technologies.", u'"You can see the object and maybe you can interact with this object visually, but you don\'t feel anything. What we\'re offering is that missing feeling these holographic objects. That I think is the crucial distinction as well as the advantage of what we\'re offering. We\'re not saying get rid of the holographic display. What we\'re saying is, attach our system to it and then you can start feeling objects as well as seeing them. This gives you better finesse, control," said Subramanian.', u"He added that as the trend towards touchless technologies continues, there will be a need for some sort of tactile, sensory feedback. For example, if you push a virtual button that can't be felt, how can you be sure that the button has actually been pushed? Ultrahaptics believe they have the solution.", u'"There is a tendency towards doing things touchless. One of the advantages of having a touchless system is that the interaction comes to you; instead of going and touching the light switch, you just wave your hand and the light comes on. And this is going to be ubiquitous, and as it becomes ubiquitous people are going to need this kind of tactile feedback."', u'Ultrahaptics is currently running an evaluation programme to determine applications for its device, with several component manufacturing companies enrolled. The company plans to license the technology to a diverse array of markets including consumer electronics, home appliance and automotive.']), ([u'Rights Group Sues DEA Over Bulk Collection of Phone Records'], [u"(Reuters) - Opening another front in the legal challenges to U.S. government surveillance, a human rights group has sued the Drug Enforcement Administration for collecting bulk records of Americans' telephone calls to some foreign countries.", u'Lawyers for Human Rights Watch filed the lawsuit on Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles. The lawsuit asks a judge to declare unlawful the DEA program, which ended in September 2013 after about 15 years, and to bar the DEA from collecting call records in bulk again.', u'U.S. spying programs have come under court scrutiny since former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked details of them in 2013.', u'Justice Department spokesman Patrick Rodenbush said on Wednesday the DEA program is not active.', u'"All of the information has been deleted," he said in an email to Reuters. "The agency is no longer collecting bulk telephony metadata from U.S. service providers."', u"The DEA's Special Operations Division collected data in bulk about international calls from the United States to certain countries determined by the government to have a nexus to drug trafficking.", u'The data included phone numbers and the date, time and duration of each call, but not the content, according to the DEA.', u'Human Rights Watch, a nonprofit based in New York, said the database threatened the confidentiality of its sources worldwide, such as people who have witnessed rights abuses.', u'"These individuals often fear for their physical safety or their life, and the mere fact of contacting an international human rights organization, like HRW, can put them in harm\'s way," the lawsuit said.', u'Because of the DEA program, it said, the group "cannot assure its associates abroad that their communications records will not be shared with American law enforcement or the government of another country."', u'DEA shared the information with other law enforcement agencies, including the FBI and intelligence agencies, according to records reviewed by Reuters.', u'The program targeted Mexico, Colombia, Afghanistan and several other unidentified Central American countries, a former senior DEA official told Reuters. Another country was Iran, court records show.', u'Elements of the previously secret DEA program were disclosed in 2013 by Reuters and then the New York Times.', u'The Justice Department confirmed its existence in court papers in January, after a judge in Washington requested details about it in a criminal case about export controls.', u'The case is Human Rights Watch v. Drug Enforcement Administration, et al, U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, No. 2:15-cv-02573.', u'(Reporting by David Ingram in New York, and Doina Chiacu and John Shiffman in Washington; Editing by Will Dunham and Ted Botha)']), ([u'Digital Ally Shares Rise in Wake of South Carolina Shooting'], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  Shares of digital video and surveillance technology firm Digital Ally rose on Wednesday in heavier-than-average trading, after a white police officer was caught on video fatally shooting a 50-year-old black man in South Carolina.', u'While the recording of the South Carolina shooting was captured by a bystander on an unspecified device, many view the body cameras made by Digital Video as a means of increasing law-enforcement accountability.', u'The company also received heavy interest last year in the aftermath of the fatal shooting by a police officer of an unarmed black teenager in Ferguson, Missouri.', u'The stock rose 12.7 percent to $14.30. Just over 1 million shares exchanged hands by late afternoon trading, well above its 50-day average volume of about 387,000 shares.', u'In December, U.S. President Barack Obama pledged funds for the purchase of body-worn cameras; subsequently, Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti announced a plan to equip 7,000 police officers with body cameras in 2015.', u'Image Sensing Systems, which makes video and radar image processing products, rose 2.3 percent on Wednesday, while Taser International, whose products are viewed as a non-lethal tool for law enforcement, rose 1.9 percent to $24.97.', u'About 254.32 million shares of Digital Ally changed hands over 2014, compared with fewer than 9 million shares in 2013.', u'(Reporting by Ryan Vlastelica; Editing by Alan Crosby)']), ([u'Alibaba to Help Bigcommerce Clients Tap China Supplier Network'], [u"SAN FRANCISCO \u2014  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has forged a deal to allow online shopping startup Bigcommerce's 70,000-plus clients to more easily buy from top-ranked Chinese suppliers and manufacturers on ", u'.', u"The tie-up helps round off Bigcommerce's services, a startup which helps clients from Gibson Guitars to Ubisoft Entertainment SA create and market e-commerce websites.", u"The Chinese company and Bigcommerce have created a software app to help Bigcommerce's customers better navigate Alibaba.com, the companies said in a statement on Wednesday.", u"Alibaba.com is the Chinese ecommerce giant's original product, a service through which millions of merchants around the world source cheap parts, components and products from Chinese suppliers.", u'It caters primarily to smaller businesses looking for manufacturing partners in China and elsewhere but often lack the financial resources to secure reliable suppliers on their own.', u'Clients of six-year-old Bigcommerce, which counts Softbank Capital, American Express Co and General Catalyst among its investors, will start out with access to 300 "gold suppliers" on Alibaba\'s service.', u"That partnership may eventually extend to thousands more suppliers, and Bigcommerce's customers will also have the option of selling their products to Alibaba.com users.", u'"For many of our merchants, Alibaba.com represents a tremendous opportunity to tap into the world\'s largest supplier network - whether to start selling or expand an existing business - without taking on unnecessary risk or sacrificing margins," Bigcommerce co-founder and CEO Eddie Machaalani said in a statement.', u'(Reporting by San Francisco newsroom; Editing by Lisa Shumaker)']), ([u"India's IT Services Exporters Whipped by Currency Headwinds"], [u"BENGALURU, April 8 \u2014  The dollar's biggest quarterly rise against other major currencies since 2008 has undermined sales of India's IT services firms in non-U.S. markets, including Europe, in what was already a seasonally slow period.", u"The greenback rose 9 percent against currencies including the euro in January-to-March from a quarter earlier, driven by the diverging outlook for U.S. monetary policy and economies such as Europe - the second-biggest market of Indian IT services exporters. The euro's decline coincided with the rupee's strength - bad news for Indian exporters to the euro zone. The euro fell 12.4 percent against the rupee in its biggest quarterly drop ever.", u"The rupee found support in a market view that the U.S. will tighten monetary policy at a slower pace than thought, lowering the chances of capital outflows from emerging markets including India. The resulting cross-currency headwinds crimped quarter-on-quarter revenue growth of India's $146 billion IT industry by 2.25 to 3.00 percentage points in the final three months of the fiscal year ended on March 31, according to a report by brokerage and investment group CLSA this week. Tata Consultancy Services said last month that currency fluctuations would reduce its margins by 40 basis points quarter-on-quarter.", u"The non-U.S. businesses of Indian IT companies have grown significantly in recent years as they sought to diversify their revenue streams after the 2008 crisis saw a plunge in U.S. business. The firms have enlarged their footprint in Europe through acquisitions and local offices. Revenues from Europe have nearly doubled in the last five years for India's top six IT companies by market value, including Infosys, Wipro and HCL Technologies, outpacing revenue growth from the United States in\xa0that period.", u'The six companies may report revenue growth of 13.2 percent in the fiscal year ended on March 31, according to estimates compiled by Thomson Reuters, the slowest in five years. "In the March quarter, revenue growth will be down by 2 to 2.5 percent quarter-on-quarter, but the currency impact should be less in the coming quarters due to reduced volatilities in the cross currencies," said Sarabjit Kour Nangra, vice president of research at Mumbai-based Angel Broking.', u'(Additional reporting by Shilpa Murthy in BENGALURU; Editing by Ryan Woo)']), ([u'Mark Pincus, Zynga\u2019s Founder, Returns as C.E.O.'], [u'When Mark Pincus hired a new executive to run ', u', the online game company he founded, ', u' calling the executive, Don Mattrick, an \u201cInternet treasure.\u201d', u'Now, less than two years later, ', u'\u2019s Internet treasure has left the company, and Mr. Pincus has returned as chief executive.', u'The departure of Mr. Mattrick was not altogether surprising to many in the industry, since a long-running turnaround plan that he set in motion at Zynga had yet to take flight. The return of Mr. Pincus to the top job, though, was unexpected since he had seemed to have largely disengaged from the business of running Zynga, best known for early Facebook games like Zynga Poker and FarmVille.', u'The abrupt change in leadership was another setback for a company that was once poised to be a leader in a new era of games and the Internet. Other Internet darlings of the same era, like Groupon, have also faded after their growth fizzled and profits proved elusive.', u'The changes were effective immediately, the company said. In a statement, Mr. Mattrick said he would return to Canada, where is he from.', u'\u201cI believe the timing is now right for me to leave as C.E.O. and let Mark lead the company into its next chapter, given his passion for the founding vision and his ability to couple our mobile progress with Zynga\u2019s unique strengths,\u201d Mr. Mattrick said.', u'In an interview, Mr. Pincus said that the company did not fire Mr. Mattrick, but that the two agreed it was time for Mr. Pincus to return as chief executive.', u'\u201cDon and I share a deep commitment to this company achieving its potential,\u201d Mr. Pincus said, adding that he would continue to receive guidance from Mr. Mattrick.', u'Founded in 2007, Zynga, based in San Francisco, was among the first companies to bring free-to-play games to a mass audience in the United States. That approach to the business, pioneered by companies in Asia, opened up games to huge new online audiences, a small portion of whom spent money on virtual currency and other goods that enhanced their game experiences.', u'For a time, Zynga\u2019s growth sent tremors throughout the games business, as it siphoned talent from established companies like Electronic Arts.', u'Quickly though, Zynga found itself disrupted by technology changes. It initially found success by publishing its games on Facebook, as the social network was taking off. But with the advent of the iPhone in 2007 and other smartphones, momentum quickly shifted to mobile games.', u'Facebook, too, initially struggled with the rise of mobile, but it eventually adapted to the changes and now has thriving business from smartphones. Zynga has not made the leap as effectively.', u'Word of Mr. Pincus\u2019s return was puzzling to some and suggested that the transition was sudden. Mr. Pincus has not been a visible presence in Zynga\u2019s offices over the last year, though he occasionally emailed staff with his thoughts about the company\u2019s games, according to one employee, who asked for anonymity because internal communications are confidential.', u'While he had left daily operations at Zynga, Mr. Pincus still wielded tremendous influence through a share structure that gave him 63 percent of the voting power of its outstanding capital stock, as of the end of last year.', u'Mr. Mattrick, a longtime Electronic Arts executive who later ran Microsoft\u2019s Xbox business, reoriented the company toward mobile and reduced its reliance on Facebook. Still, 51 percent of Zynga\u2019s revenue last year came from Facebook games, according to company filings.', u'Games are a hit-driven business, and Zynga titles in recent years were never able to capture the cachet of games from mobile-centered companies, like Candy Crush Saga from ', u' and Clash of Clans by Supercell.', u'The company\u2019s finances continued to worsen under Mr. Mattrick. Revenue last year was $690 million, down from $1.28 billion in 2012, the year before Mr. Mattrick took over. The company\u2019s net loss rose to $226 million last year from $209 million in 2012.', u'As growth slowed at Zynga, and the tech job market around it in San Francisco boomed, the company has struggled to retain talent. At the end of last year, about 42 percent of the company had been with Zynga for less than a year and 55 percent for less than two years. \u201cWe have experienced significant turnover in our head count over the last year, which has placed and will continue to place significant demands on our management and our operational, financial and technological infrastructure,\u201d the company said in a filing.', u'Last year, the company botched the introduction of a new Zynga Poker game for mobile. Use and revenue declined from the previous game, which Zynga was then forced to bring back.', u'Investors have lost interest in the company. Its stock is almost unchanged since the day before Mr. Mattrick joined.', u'In February, Richard Greenfield, a media and Internet analyst at BTIG Research, published a report highly critical of Mr. Mattrick\u2019s leadership, titled \u201cZynga Needs a New Leader \u2014 Time for Don Mattrick to Go.\u201d', u'With Mr. Pincus\u2019s return, the company is likely to reinstate his data-driven approach to creating games, focusing on metrics about how and why people are playing Zynga\u2019s games, and using that information to tweak production.', u'That is in sharp contrast to the approach of Mr. Mattrick, who has typically been less focused on analytics and has championed game quality over all.', u'\u201cWe need to get back to being the leader in mobile data and analytics, which leads to the best product management in our games,\u201d Mr. Pincus said. \u201cI think I bring a DNA and passion, in that respect.\u201d']), ([u'Review: New Apple Photos App Makes Fixing, Cropping Easy'], [u"NEW YORK \u2014  If you're like most people, those hundreds of photos you took on vacation are still on your camera or phone. You shared a handful on Facebook or Instagram, and tell yourself that you'll sift through the others \u2014 one day.", u"Procrastinate no more. Apple's new Photos app for Mac computers, available Wednesday as a free software update, makes it easy to organize and edit your pictures. The app, which replaces iPhoto, bundles professional-level tools such as granular color correction into one free consumer package.", u"Like other free apps such as Google's Picasa, Photos is good for auto-enhancing, cropping and other basic touches such as lightening underexposed shots. But it goes further by also including some of the advanced fine-tuning you'd find in a tool like Adobe Lightroom, which costs $149.", u'___', u'BETTER-LOOKING SHOTS', u'If you already use Photos on your ', u' or ', u", you'll see many similarities. Images are organized automatically, partly using location information embedded in the pictures. You can also view photos on a map. The Mac's app goes further in using face-detection technology to group photos by the people in them.", u'Click on any photo to begin editing. The Enhance button alone will improve many shots. The Adjust tool enhances lighting, color and other attributes separately. Each attribute has an auto button along with a slider you can adjust. Click an arrow to unveil the advanced controls.', u'I like to adjust something called white balance to compensate for, say, the yellowish glow of indoor lighting. Cameras do this automatically, but not always correctly. In pictures taken on a recent trip, a friend\'s baby looked too blue, and a waterfall looked too yellow. Photos fixed those quickly, just by hitting "auto." Lightroom usually requires more steps to correct similar issues.', u"Photos has a lot of cropping options, though my favorite is the auto button. It straightens photos based on the horizon, among other features. My only complaint is it takes a few extra steps to make sure the cropped image retains the original's dimensions. I hope a future update will let me set that as the default.", u'___', u'SYNCING DEVICES', u"With a new iCloud Photo Library online-storage service, all your mobile photos will sync to the Mac app, along with your iPhoto albums. You can import additional photos, including those in cameras' proprietary RAW formats, which many pros prefer using. All images are stored online in high resolution, whether they were taken on an iPhone or imported from another camera. Your entire library is then accessible on all your devices, and any edits you make will sync.", u"By storing full-resolution images online, Photos can free up space on your Mac or mobile device by substituting a lower-quality version. You can still get the original whenever you need it, but it's not taking up room if you don't. Photos figures all that out for you and takes into account how much space you have.", u"Any photo you delete disappears from all your devices simultaneously, but don't fear, you have about a month to retrieve it from the cloud.", u'___', u'HOW TO GET THE APP', u"Check the Mac's App Store for version 10.10.3 of the Mac system. Turn on iCloud Photo Library on your Mac and mobile devices when you see the prompts. You may need to buy more iCloud storage through Apple, as the 5 free gigabytes only translates to roughly 3,000 iPhone photos, not to mention video or larger files from stand-alone cameras."]), ([u'Singtel Buying U.S. Cyber Security Firm Trustwave for $810 Million'], [u"SINGAPORE \u2014  Singapore Telecommunications, Southeast Asia's largest telecommunications operator by revenue, is buying U.S.-based cyber-security firm Trustwave for $810 million, marking its biggest acquisition outside the main telecoms sector.", u'The deal comes as Singtel is moving away from being a pure-play telecoms company and pursues expansion in areas such as  "digital life", which includes mobile video and digital advertising, and cyber security through partnerships with FireEye Inc and Akamai, among others.', u'It also comes as the managed security services industry - which refers to the management of an IT system by a third party - is forecast to grow 15 percent annually from 2014 to reach $24 billion in 2018, according to IT consultancy Gartner.', u"That growth potential has already stoked other acquisitions in the cyber-security business, including BAE Systems's $232.5 million deal to buy SilverSky and FireEye's $1 billion takeover of Mandiant Corp, both in 2014.", u'"Today\'s acquisition of Trustwave is a critical step to capturing global opportunities in the cyber security market," Singtel CEO Chua Sock Koong told reporters at a briefing.', u"Before Wednesday's deal, Singtel spent about S$900 million ($663 million) on acquisitions since 2012, mainly to build its digital life business.", u"Singtel, which owns stakes in regional operators including India's Bharti Airtel and Thailand's Advanced Info Service PCL, will buy a 98 percent equity stake in the company from a group of investors assembled by Trustwave's chairman and chief executive officer, Robert McCullen. He will hold the remaining 2 percent.", u'Trustwave will continue to operate as a stand-alone business unit, Singtel said.', u'Trustwave, which has over 3 million business subscribers, offers a range of services, including scanning of databases, risk identification and payment compliance. Singtel declined to provide names of specific clients.', u'Trustwave reported revenue of $216 million in 2014, with the North American market contributing 75 percent.', u'Last year, Trustwave withdrew its application with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission to sell shares in an initial public offering, citing unfavorable market conditions.', u'Singtel expects the deal, which will be funded through debt and cash, to be completed in three to six months. It forecast the transaction to add to earnings from the third year.', u'The Asian unit of U.S. investment bank Evercore advised Singtel on the deal.', u'Singtel shares were trading down 0.9 percent on Wednesday morning in a broader Singapore market that was down 0.3 percent.', u'($1 = 1.3582 Singapore dollars)', u'(Editing by Muralikumar Anantharaman)']), ([u'Xiaomi Ties Up With India Retail Chain to Boost Sales'], [u"MUMBAI \u2014  Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc has decided to sell devices through a leading electronics retail chain in India, part of its effort to move away from online-only sales and boost growth in the world's third-largest smartphone market.", u'Xiaomi [XTC.UL] launched its India operations with online marketplace Flipkart.com in July, selling its phones through flash sales where availability is limited to short timeframes.', u'The company this year decided to sell its Redmi Note fourth-generation (4G) handsets through shops of carrier Bharti Airtel Ltd, but that would still need an online registration.', u'On Tuesday, Xiaomi said it would sell its phones through The Mobile Store retail chain, as well as expand its online retail presence by adding online retailers Snapdeal and the Indian unit of ', u'.', u'"Some people said we were generating artificial demand. We are trying to increase our supply, to bring more goods into India and to supply them in a free manner to all our partners," Xiaomi\'s India head, Manu Jain, told Reuters.', u'Xiaomi, which was not among the top five smartphone makers in India at the end of the December quarter, is under pressure to gain market share in the country, analysts say.', u'Of the 22 million smartphones shipped to distributors in the fourth quarter, Samsung contributed 27.4 percent while Xiaomi stood sixth at 4.1 percent, according to Neil Shah, director at Counterpoint Technology Market Research.', u'"India is their growth market now. They have to go offline to scale in India," Shah said, adding the retail expansion was likely to boost Xiaomi\'s ranking in the country.', u"With the The Mobile Store partnership, Xiaomi handsets will be available in stores, like products from rivals Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, Motorola, and India's Micromax Informatics Ltd.", u'Xiaomi\'s offline foray is in addition to the 100 "service and experience stores" it is opening across India this year to help customers touch and feel its devices, which are sold under the Mi brand. The company does not plan to sell devices at these stores.', u'"By tomorrow Mi phones are to be available in about 30 to 35 stores. Customers at some point need to touch and feel and they need to buy phones when they need to buy them," said Himanshu Chakrawarti, chief executive of The Mobile Store.', u"Xiaomi's Jain said the Chinese company was also planning to hire aggressively in India as it plans to invest in the country, starting with a new office and a research and development center.", u"The Bangalore R&D center would be Xiaomi's first such hub outside China, he said.", u'(Additional reporting by Aman Shah in MUMBAI and Paul Carsten in BEIJING; Editing by Sumeet Chatterjee and Mark Potter)']), ([u"Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company to Begin Suborbital Test Flights This Year"], [u'CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. \u2014  A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship and expects to begin flight tests this year, Blue Origin officials said on Tuesday.', u'The so-called New Shepard spaceship is designed to fly three people and/or a mix of passengers and payloads to altitudes about 62 miles (100 km) above Earth. It will launch from Blue Origin\u2019s west Texas facility near Van Horn, Texas, southeast of El Paso.', u'Testing and development of the rocket engine, called BE-3, has been completed, the last major milestone before the liquid oxygen- and liquid hydrogen-fueled motor is attached to the New Shepard capsule for flight, Blue Origin President Rob Meyerson told reporters on a conference call.', u'Privately owned Blue Origin has not started selling tickets for flights on New Shepard or released pricing information.', u'\u201cThe engine is ready for flight ... and ready for other commercial users,\u201d Meyerson said. He declined to be more specific about when New Shepard would fly, except to say \u201csoon.\u201d', u'The capsule will fly dozens of times unmanned before the test flights include pilots, Meyerson added.', u'Blue Origin is among a handful of companies planning to offer commercial spaceflight services. New Shepard is a suborbital system, like Virgin Galactic\u2019s SpaceShipTwo, a six-passenger, two-pilot space plane that is expected to resume test flights later this year following a fatal accident in Mojave, California, on Oct. 31, 2014.', u'Another company, privately owned XCOR Aerospace, is working on a two-seater space plane called Lynx that also is slated to debut this year, founder and chief technology officer Jeff Greason said.', u'Other companies, including Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX, and Boeing, are skipping suborbital spaceflight and developing systems to carry people into orbit.', u'Blue Origin intends to parlay its suborbital New Shepard vehicle into an orbital launch system, expected to begin flying later this decade. That vehicle will be powered by a liquefied natural gas motor, called the BE-4, that is being developed with United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Lockheed Martin Corp and Boeing.', u'The recently completed BE-3 engine also will be modified to serve as an upper-stage motor to fly satellites into orbit, Meyerson said.', u'(', u')']), ([u'Swiss Army Knife Maker Plans Foray Into Smartwatches: CEO'], [u'ZURICH \u2014  Swiss army knife maker Victorinox plans to unveil its version of a smartwatch by the start of next year, its chief executive said on Tuesday.', u"Swatch, the world's largest watchmaker, announced plans last month to put programmable chips in watches so wearers can make payments with a swipe of the wrist, while Tag Heuer, French luxury group LVMH's biggest watch maker, will launch a smartwatch later this year to compete with the Apple Watch.", u'"Our concept is something approaching a smartwatch," Victorinox Chief Executive Carl Elsener told Reuters by phone, confirming comments reported in a Swiss newspaper.', u'Elsener, whose great-grandfather Karl founded Victorinox in 1884, told the Aargauer Zeitung the firm would present the new watch at the end of the year or early 2016 at the latest.', u'"We\'re looking ... for the opportunity to expand the functions of our watches. But at the same time the watch must have a long lifespan compared to a mobile phone or a computer," Elsener was quoted as saying in an interview published on Tuesday.', u"Elsener also said Victorinox had raised prices by up to 10 percent in the euro zone, responding to the Swiss franc's surge in January when the central bank abruptly abandoned its efforts to cap the currency.", u'(Reporting by Joshua Franklin; Editing by Ruth Pitchford)']), ([u'New Aluminum Battery for Smartphones Can Be Charged in a Minute'], [u'LONDON \u2014  U.S. scientists said they have invented a cheap, long-lasting and flexible battery made of aluminum for use in smartphones that can be charged in as little as one minute.', u'The researchers, who detailed their discovery in the journal Nature, said the new aluminum-ion battery has the potential to replace lithium-ion batteries, used in millions of laptops and mobile phones.', u'Besides recharging much faster, the new aluminum battery is safer than existing lithium-ion batteries, which occasionally burst into flames, they added.', u'Researchers have long tried but failed to develop a battery made of aluminum, a lightweight and relatively inexpensive metal that has high charging capacity.', u'A team lead by chemistry professor Hongjie Dai at Stanford University in California made a breakthrough by accidentally discovering that graphite made a good partner to aluminum, Stanford said in a statement.', u'In a prototype, aluminum was used to make the negatively-charged anode while graphite provided material for the positively charged cathode.', u'A prototype aluminum battery recharged in one minute, the scientists said.', u'"Lithium-ion batteries can be a fire hazard," said Dai. "Our new battery won\'t catch fire, even if you drill through it."', u'The new battery is also very durable and flexible, the scientists said.', u'While lithium-ion batteries last about 1,000 cycles, the new aluminum battery was able to continue after more than 7,500 cycles without loss of capacity. It also can be bent or folded.', u'Larger aluminum batteries could also be used to store renewable energy on the electrical grid, Dai said.', u'(Reporting by Eric Onstad, editing by David Evans)']), ([u"Things to Know About Apple's New Photo-Storage Service"], [u'NEW YORK \u2014  On Wednesday, Apple is expected to release a free update to its Mac operating system. The update will bring a new Photos app for Mac computers and launch an online photo-storage service called iCloud Photo Library. The service lets you sync photos among various personal computers and mobile devices. It also saves storage space by moving full-resolution versions online.', u'Here are some things to know.', u"\u2014 To get it, go to the Mac App Store and check for updates. You'll need the new version of the Mac operating system, 10.10.3. On phones and tablets, you need at least version 8.0 of iOS, though 8.2 is recommended. You can also access your photos on Windows computers with Apple's free iCloud for Windows software. (Sorry, it's not available for Android.)", u'\u2014 If you don\'t see prompts to turn on iCloud Photo Library, go to "Preferences" on the Mac Photos app and check "iCloud Photo Library." On iPhones and iPads, go to "Photos & Camera" in the settings. In both cases, choose the option to optimize storage to save space on your device.', u"\u2014 Why optimize? That will always keep the full-resolution version online, and what you see on your device will depend on how much space you have left. If it's running low, the Photos software will replace full-resolution images with smaller files, particularly for older shots. They will be fine to view on that device, but you might notice degradation when you zoom or crop. As long as you're online, the software will download originals automatically when you need them, such as for printing.", u'\u2014 Photos on the Mac gives you the option to store photos and videos in folders, but the preferred way is for Photos to import copies into its library. You need to keep this default option for iCloud Photo Library to work. But you will lose control over organization, as Photos takes over managing that for you.', u"\u2014 The 5 gigabytes of free storage on iCloud won't get you far. You can get a total of 20 gigabytes for $1 a month, 200 GB for $4, 500 GB for $10 and 1 terabyte for $20.", u'\u2014 When you delete a photo on one device, it will delete across all of your others as well. But, the new Photos app gives you a warning first and then about a month to retrieve the image from iCloud. Previously, photos deleted from iPhones and iPads disappeared immediately \u2014 bad for parents with small children who like to haphazardly delete things.', u"\u2014 If you change your mind and want to stop using iCloud Photo Library, you'll be able to retrieve all your originals first."]), ([u'Uber Asks U.S. Court to Dismiss Lawsuit in Alleged Delhi Rape'], [u"(Reuters) - Uber asked a U.S. court to dismiss a lawsuit filed by an alleged rape victim in India's capital, saying the ride-sharing company could not be held legally responsible for the driver's acts.", u'The passenger, who reported being raped and beaten after hailing a ride with the Uber driver in Delhi in early December, sued the online car service in a U.S. federal court in January, claiming the company failed to maintain basic safety procedures.', u'In a filing late on Monday, Uber said the court should dismiss the lawsuit as the victim had sued the wrong party.', u'"While Plaintiff undoubtedly can state a claim against her alleged assailant, she cannot state a claim against Uber U.S., which is the wrong party. Nor does California law govern a dispute involving an alleged wrong committed by one Indian citizen against another Indian citizen, in India," Uber said in the filing.', u'Uber said it had no relationship with the alleged assailant who had a contract with Uber B.V., a Netherlands-based entity with no U.S. operations and which is not party to the lawsuit.', u"The victim's attorney, Douglas Wigdor, has represented high-profile plaintiffs, including a hotel maid who accused former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn of sexual assault.", u'"The motion is yet another attempt at deflecting responsibility and we are confident that Uber will ultimately be held accountable for its actions," Wigdor said in an email.', u'Charges against a Chicago Uber driver who was accused of raping a female passenger late last year were dropped on Monday.', u"Uber, the world's most valuable venture-backed start-up, has been dogged by controversies surrounding its business practices and safety policies at a time when it has been growing rapidly around the world.", u'The case in U.S. District Court, Northern District of California is Doe vs. Uber Technologies Inc, 15-424.', u'(Reporting by Supriya Kurane in Bengaluru and Dan Levine in San Francisco; Editing by Anupama Dwivedi and Marguerita Choy)'])]