[(u'N.B.A. Finals: Cavaliers\u2019 Supporting Cast Has Been Overlooked', u'LeBron James\u2019s unheralded teammates are playing their roles well, both offensively and defensively. LeBron James\u2019s unheralded teammates are playing their roles well, both offensively and defensively. N.B.A. Finals: Cavaliers\u2019 Supporting Cast Has Been Overlooked'), (u'N.B.A. Finals: LeBron James\u2019s Dominance Is Historic', u'An advanced statistic estimating how much of a team\u2019s offense goes through a single player shows how crucial James has been to the Cavaliers in the N.B.A. playoffs. An advanced statistic estimating how much of a team\u2019s offense goes through a single player shows how crucial James has been to the Cavaliers in the N.B.A. playoffs. N.B.A. Finals: LeBron James\u2019s Dominance Is Historic'), (u'J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, a Top FIFA Official, Says He Authorized $10 Million Transfer', u'Mr. Valcke denied wrongdoing over the payment, which has widely been seen as a bribe to gain support for South Africa\u2019s bid to host the 2010 World Cup. Mr. Valcke denied wrongdoing over the payment, which has widely been seen as a bribe to gain support for South Africa\u2019s bid to host the 2010 World Cup. J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, a Top FIFA Official, Says He Authorized $10 Million Transfer'), (u'Support for Boston\u2019s 2024 Olympic Bid Slips', u'A new poll shows that just 39 percent of voters statewide support the bid, while 49 percent oppose it. A new poll shows that just 39 percent of voters statewide support the bid, while 49 percent oppose it. Support for Boston\u2019s 2024 Olympic Bid Slips'), (u'Steel Set for New Arthur Ashe Stadium Roof to Cover US Open', u"A final steel beam has been put into place over Arthur Ashe Stadium as the U.S. Open's center court moved closer to being covered by a retractable roof. A final steel beam has been put into place over Arthur Ashe Stadium as the U.S. Open's center court moved closer to being covered by a retractable roof. Steel Set for New Arthur Ashe Stadium Roof to Cover US Open"), (u'Montgomerie, Calcavecchia Bring Plenty of Putters to Boston', u'Local pro shops had better be stocked up on putters for the Senior Players Championship, the third Champions Tour major of the season. Local pro shops had better be stocked up on putters for the Senior Players Championship, the third Champions Tour major of the season. Montgomerie, Calcavecchia Bring Plenty of Putters to Boston'), (u'Swiss Attorney General Seizes Evidence From FIFA Offices', u"The Swiss attorney-general's office says it has seized more evidence from FIFA headquarters for its investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests. The Swiss attorney-general's office says it has seized more evidence from FIFA headquarters for its investigation into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup bidding contests. Swiss Attorney General Seizes Evidence From FIFA Offices"), (u'NASCAR: Scott Expects Smooth Transition With Bowyer', u"Billy Scott sounds prepared to step into the role of Clint Bowyer's new crew chief and perk up the sluggish Michael Waltrip Racing team. Billy Scott sounds prepared to step into the role of Clint Bowyer's new crew chief and perk up the sluggish Michael Waltrip Racing team. NASCAR: Scott Expects Smooth Transition With Bowyer"), (u'Swiss Authorities Say FIFA Has Handed Over IT Data', u"Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General said soccer's governing body FIFA had handed over IT data on Wednesday. Switzerland's Office of the Attorney General said soccer's governing body FIFA had handed over IT data on Wednesday. Swiss Authorities Say FIFA Has Handed Over IT Data"), (u'The FIFA That Blatter Built', u'For a graphic look at the FIFA that its President Sepp Blatter was instrumental in developing, see: For a graphic look at the FIFA that its President Sepp Blatter was instrumental in developing, see: The FIFA That Blatter Built'), (u'Factbox-Newcastle United Manager Steve McClaren', u'Factbox on Steve McClaren, who was appointed manager of Newcastle United on Wednesday Factbox on Steve McClaren, who was appointed manager of Newcastle United on Wednesday Factbox-Newcastle United Manager Steve McClaren'), (u'Tony Stewart Trying to Catch the Big One in Victory Lane', u'Dressed in a Bass Pro T-shirt and cap, Tony Stewart was all set to take his turn as a commercial fisherman. Dressed in a Bass Pro T-shirt and cap, Tony Stewart was all set to take his turn as a commercial fisherman. Tony Stewart Trying to Catch the Big One in Victory Lane'), (u'FIFA\u2019s Valcke on $10 Million Transfer', u'J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, the secretary general of FIFA, on Wednesday dismissed allegations of wrongdoing over $10 million in bank transactions at a news conference in Samara, Russia. J\xe9r\xf4me Valcke, the secretary general of FIFA, on Wednesday dismissed allegations of wrongdoing over $10 million in bank transactions at a news conference in Samara, Russia. FIFA\u2019s Valcke on $10 Million Transfer'), (u'FIFA Scandal Splits Former Star Players in Brazil', u'The arrest of one former Brazilian soccer boss, and an investigation into at least one other, has divided some of the country\'s soccer giants.&#160; &#160; Former top stars Romario, Ronaldo and Cafu have all chimed in about the FIFA corruption... The arrest of one former Brazilian soccer boss, and an investigation into at least one other, has divided some of the country\'s soccer giants.&#160; &#160; Former top stars Romario, Ronaldo and Cafu have all chimed in about the FIFA corruption scandal since the former head of the Brazilian Football Confederation (CBF), Jose Maria Marin, was one of seven FIFA executives jailed in Switzerland late last month.&#160; &#160; &#160;Marin, also a member of the FIFA organizing committee for soccer in the Olympics, is in a Zurich prison, where he faces possible extradition to the U.S. to face racketeering and bribery charges.&#160; &#160; &#160;Ricardo Teixeira, the man who was president of the CBF for 23 years before Marin, is also under investigation by Brazil\'s federal police for alleged money laundering and tax evasion, a police source told Reuters last week.&#160; &#160; &#160;Romario, the former Barcelona striker who is now a Senator, has taken the lead in calling for Marin\'s successor, Marco Polo Del Nero, to resign, saying the organization needs a fresh start.&#160; &#160; &#160;"Del Nero should call the press in and announce he is leaving the CBF," Romario said via Facebook and Twitter. "The truth is that the CBF today has no commitment to soccer, grass roots soccer, women\'s soccer, the state championships."&#160; &#160; Del Nero left Switzerland for Brazil within hours of the arrests, not even staying to vote in the election for FIFA president.&#160; &#160; "Resigning doesn\'t exist for me, because there is no reason to resign," he said at a news conference upon returning to Brazil.&#160; &#160; Teixeira\'s lawyer told Reuters that Teixeira had not been formally accused of any crime. Lawyers for Marin could not be reached for comment.&#160; &#160; Teixeira and Del Nero could not be reached for comment. FIFA Scandal Splits Former Star Players in Brazil'), (u'Bobby Rahal Enjoys Watching Son Drive, Team Do Its Thing', u'Bobby Rahal loves going to the track these days to watch his son drive while letting his team do its job without any meddling from the boss. Bobby Rahal loves going to the track these days to watch his son drive while letting his team do its job without any meddling from the boss. Bobby Rahal Enjoys Watching Son Drive, Team Do Its Thing'), (u'West Ham Sign Spanish Midfielder Obiang', u'West Ham United have signed Spanish midfielder Pedro Obiang from Sampdoria on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, the Premier League club announced on Wednesday. West Ham United have signed Spanish midfielder Pedro Obiang from Sampdoria on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, the Premier League club announced on Wednesday. West Ham Sign Spanish Midfielder Obiang'), (u"Amid Fight Over Olympic Bid, U.S. Brewer Seeks 'Boston 2024' Mark", u'Even as backers of Boston\'s embattled bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games struggle to overcome public opposition, the maker of the city\'s Sam Adams beer has jumped into the fray by applying for a "Boston 2024" beer trademark. Even as backers of Boston\'s embattled bid to host the 2024 Olympic Games struggle to overcome public opposition, the maker of the city\'s Sam Adams beer has jumped into the fray by applying for a "Boston 2024" beer trademark. Amid Fight Over Olympic Bid, U.S. Brewer Seeks \'Boston 2024\' Mark'), (u'Tevez Would Fit in Well at Atletico-Simeone', u"Juventus striker Carlos Tevez would be a perfect fit for Atletico Madrid and the La Liga club are in talks with the Argentine's agents, coach Diego Simeone said. Juventus striker Carlos Tevez would be a perfect fit for Atletico Madrid and the La Liga club are in talks with the Argentine's agents, coach Diego Simeone said. Tevez Would Fit in Well at Atletico-Simeone"), (u'Big-Serving Karlovic Reaches Quarterfinals at Topshelf Open', u'Fifth-seeded Ivo Karlovic of Croatia smacked 25 aces as he beat Tatsuma Ito of Japan 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to reach the Topshelf Open quarterfinals on Wednesday. Fifth-seeded Ivo Karlovic of Croatia smacked 25 aces as he beat Tatsuma Ito of Japan 7-6 (5), 7-6 (3) to reach the Topshelf Open quarterfinals on Wednesday. Big-Serving Karlovic Reaches Quarterfinals at Topshelf Open'), (u'India to Kick-Off Busy Home Schedule for Zimbabwe', u'India will play three one-day internationals and two Twenty20 matches in Zimbabwe during a two-week limited overs tour next month, the managing director of Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) said on Wednesday. India will play three one-day internationals and two Twenty20 matches in Zimbabwe during a two-week limited overs tour next month, the managing director of Zimbabwe Cricket (ZC) said on Wednesday.  India to Kick-Off Busy Home Schedule for Zimbabwe'), (u'IOC Members: Almaty Narrows Gap in 2022 Race With Beijing', u'Almaty managed to win the attention of IOC members. The next challenge is to win their votes. Almaty managed to win the attention of IOC members. The next challenge is to win their votes. IOC Members: Almaty Narrows Gap in 2022 Race With Beijing'), (u'Azerbaijan Blocks Critical Amnesty Visit Before European Games', u'Azerbaijan has blocked a visit by Amnesty International at which it planned to highlight human rights abuses in the south Caucasian republic as it prepares to host the inaugural European Games, Amnesty said on Wednesday. Azerbaijan has blocked a visit by Amnesty International at which it planned to highlight human rights abuses in the south Caucasian republic as it prepares to host the inaugural European Games, Amnesty said on Wednesday. Azerbaijan Blocks Critical Amnesty Visit Before European Games'), (u"FIFA's Woes Could Be Clubs' Gain, Says Fox", u"Leading clubs could benefit from the corruption storm engulfing FIFA if the world soccer body fails to clean up its act convincingly, Aston Villa's American chief executive Tom Fox suggested on Wednesday. Leading clubs could benefit from the corruption storm engulfing FIFA if the world soccer body fails to clean up its act convincingly, Aston Villa's American chief executive Tom Fox suggested on Wednesday. FIFA's Woes Could Be Clubs' Gain, Says Fox"), (u'One Soccer Official Appeals Swiss Detention in FIFA Probe', u"One of seven FIFA officials arrested two weeks ago in a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich has appealed his detention during extradition proceedings tied to U.S. corruption charges, Switzerland's Federal Office of Justice said on Wednesday. One of seven FIFA officials arrested two weeks ago in a dawn raid on a luxury hotel in Zurich has appealed his detention during extradition proceedings tied to U.S. corruption charges, Switzerland's Federal Office of Justice said on Wednesday. One Soccer Official Appeals Swiss Detention in FIFA Probe"), (u"Haas Proves You Can't Keep a Good Man Down", u"Tennis's great survivor Tommy Haas begun yet another injury comeback this week after a year out following shoulder surgery. Tennis's great survivor Tommy Haas begun yet another injury comeback this week after a year out following shoulder surgery. Haas Proves You Can't Keep a Good Man Down"), (u'Groth Upsets Lopez to Advance to Mercedes Cup Quarterfinals', u'Sam Groth of Australia rallied to upset third-seeded Feliciano Lopez 3-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (6) in the second round of the Mercedes Cup on Wednesday. Sam Groth of Australia rallied to upset third-seeded Feliciano Lopez 3-6, 7-6 (5), 7-6 (6) in the second round of the Mercedes Cup on Wednesday. Groth Upsets Lopez to Advance to Mercedes Cup Quarterfinals'), (u'Villa Will Offer Benteke a New Contract, Says CEO', u"Aston Villa will offer Belgium striker Christian Benteke a new deal and are confident they can make the signings they need despite uncertainty over the club's ownership, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday. Aston Villa will offer Belgium striker Christian Benteke a new deal and are confident they can make the signings they need despite uncertainty over the club's ownership, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday. Villa Will Offer Benteke a New Contract, Says CEO"), (u'Games-Cash-Strapped Dutch Drop Hosting of 2019 European Games', u'Netherlands on Wednesday surprisingly pulled out of hosting the 2019 European Games two days before the inaugural continental multi-sports competition gets underway in Azerbaijan, saying it would cost too much. Netherlands on Wednesday surprisingly pulled out of hosting the 2019 European Games two days before the inaugural continental multi-sports competition gets underway in Azerbaijan, saying it would cost too much. Games-Cash-Strapped Dutch Drop Hosting of 2019 European Games'), (u'Messi Helped Convince Me to Stay at Barca, Says Alves', u'Lionel Messi helped convince Barcelona fullback Dani Alves tostay at the European champions when he was feeling undervalued at the club, the Brazilian defender said on Wednesday. Lionel Messi helped convince Barcelona fullback Dani Alves tostay at the European champions when he was feeling undervalued at the club, the Brazilian defender said on Wednesday. Messi Helped Convince Me to Stay at Barca, Says Alves'), (u'German FA Suggests Ending One Country, One Vote System', u'German soccer federation president Wolfsgang Niersbach has suggested changing the one-country, one-vote system used to elect the president of FIFA. German soccer federation president Wolfsgang Niersbach has suggested changing the one-country, one-vote system used to elect the president of FIFA. German FA Suggests Ending One Country, One Vote System'), (u'Dutch FA Reviewing 1996 Sponsorship Deal With Nike', u'The Dutch Football Association KNVB said on Wednesday it was reviewing its 1996 national team sponsorship deal with Nike after corruption allegations by U.S. investigators against a U.S. sportswear company with details matching a Nike deal in Brazil. The Dutch Football Association KNVB said on Wednesday it was reviewing its 1996 national team sponsorship deal with Nike after corruption allegations by U.S. investigators against a U.S. sportswear company with details matching a Nike deal in Brazil. Dutch FA Reviewing 1996 Sponsorship Deal With Nike'), (u'Tibetan Protesters Disrupt Beijing Bid at Lausanne Hotel', u"A small group of Tibetan protesters on Wednesday disrupted a display of Beijing's bid plans for the 2022 Winter Olympics. A small group of Tibetan protesters on Wednesday disrupted a display of Beijing's bid plans for the 2022 Winter Olympics. Tibetan Protesters Disrupt Beijing Bid at Lausanne Hotel"), (u"India's Dhawan Returns With Ton vs. Bangladesh", u"India's Shikhar Dhawan celebrated his test comeback against Bangladesh with an unbeaten 150 as they cruised to 239 for no loss at stumps after dominating the rain-marred opening day of the one-off clash on Wednesday. India's Shikhar Dhawan celebrated his test comeback against Bangladesh with an unbeaten 150 as they cruised to 239 for no loss at stumps after dominating the rain-marred opening day of the one-off clash on Wednesday. India's Dhawan Returns With Ton vs. Bangladesh"), (u"England's Women Display Same Old Failings", u"England's women were praised for their work rate but the old failings that so often dog their male counterparts, namely a lack of flair, were all too evident as they lost to France in their World Cup opener on Tuesday. England's women were praised for their work rate but the old failings that so often dog their male counterparts, namely a lack of flair, were all too evident as they lost to France in their World Cup opener on Tuesday. England's Women Display Same Old Failings"), (u"Aston Villa CEO Says Dyke's Quota Plan Lacks Support", u"Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the quota of home-grown players in the Premier League could 'decimate' the academy system at clubs like Aston Villa, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday. Greg Dyke's proposal to increase the quota of home-grown players in the Premier League could 'decimate' the academy system at clubs like Aston Villa, chief executive Tom Fox said on Wednesday. Aston Villa CEO Says Dyke's Quota Plan Lacks Support"), (u'Croatia and Italy Clash in Empty Stadium', u'Croatia and Italy will lock horns behind closed doors in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday after the Balkan nation were given a crowd ban following repeated offences by their fans. Croatia and Italy will lock horns behind closed doors in a Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday after the Balkan nation were given a crowd ban following repeated offences by their fans. Croatia and Italy Clash in Empty Stadium'), (u"Robots Could Restore 'Made in Germany' Label to Adidas Shoes", u"German cobbler Adi Dassler revolutionized running when he started hammering spikes into track shoes almost a century ago. Today most of the 258 million pairs of shoes produced each year by his firm Adidas are made in low-cost Asia. German cobbler Adi Dassler revolutionized running when he started hammering spikes into track shoes almost a century ago. Today most of the 258 million pairs of shoes produced each year by his firm Adidas are made in low-cost Asia. Robots Could Restore 'Made in Germany' Label to Adidas Shoes"), (u'Dutch Success Now Anything but Guaranteed', u'Victory for the Netherlands in Friday&#8217;s Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia would have been seen as practically guaranteed after a successful World Cup in Brazil but a faltering qualifying campaign has precipitated a confidence crisis. Victory for the Netherlands in Friday&#8217;s Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia would have been seen as practically guaranteed after a successful World Cup in Brazil but a faltering qualifying campaign has precipitated a confidence crisis.      Dutch Success Now Anything but Guaranteed'), (u"UEFA's Platini Wades Into French Political Row", u"Europe's football chief said on Wednesday he had officially invited French Prime Minister Manuel Valls to watch last Saturday's Champions League final in Berlin, after a row exploded about Valls' use of a government jet to get there. Europe's football chief said on Wednesday he had officially invited French Prime Minister Manuel Valls to watch last Saturday's Champions League final in Berlin, after a row exploded about Valls' use of a government jet to get there.     UEFA's Platini Wades Into French Political Row"), (u'U.S., Serbia Lead Way Into U-20 World Cup Quarters', u"Rubio Rubin's blistering strike and a penalty save by Zackary Steffen ensured the United States advanced to the quarter-finals of the under-20 World Cup for the first time since 2007 with a 1-0 win over Colombia on Wednesday. Rubio Rubin's blistering strike and a penalty save by Zackary Steffen ensured the United States advanced to the quarter-finals of the under-20 World Cup for the first time since 2007 with a 1-0 win over Colombia on Wednesday. U.S., Serbia Lead Way Into U-20 World Cup Quarters"), (u'From Startled Rabbits, England Roar Like Lions', u'England\'s transformation from "startled rabbits" at this year\'s World Cup to record-breakers against New Zealand on Tuesday has left fans and pundits shaking their heads in disbelief. England\'s transformation from "startled rabbits" at this year\'s World Cup to record-breakers against New Zealand on Tuesday has left fans and pundits shaking their heads in disbelief. From Startled Rabbits, England Roar Like Lions'), (u"Japan Striker Ando Ruled Out of Women's World Cup", u"Japan striker Kozue Ando has been ruled out of the women's World Cup in Canada after fracturing her ankle in the holders' opening 1-0 win over Switzerland, the country's football association said on Wednesday. Japan striker Kozue Ando has been ruled out of the women's World Cup in Canada after fracturing her ankle in the holders' opening 1-0 win over Switzerland, the country's football association said on Wednesday. Japan Striker Ando Ruled Out of Women's World Cup"), (u'Bidding for 2026 World Cup to Be Postponed-FIFA Official', u"FIFA will postpone the start of bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup following the launch of a corruption investigation, a senior official in football's governing body said on Wednesday. FIFA will postpone the start of bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup following the launch of a corruption investigation, a senior official in football's governing body said on Wednesday. Bidding for 2026 World Cup to Be Postponed-FIFA Official"), (u'Alenichev Named New Spartak Moscow Coach', u'Dmitry Alenichev has been appointed head coach of Spartak Moscow, the Russian Premier League club has announced. Dmitry Alenichev has been appointed head coach of Spartak Moscow, the Russian Premier League club has announced. Alenichev Named New Spartak Moscow Coach'), (u'Emotional FIFA Official Hits Back Over Payments Scandal', u"FIFA President Sepp Blatter's right-hand man acknowledged on Wednesday signing off on $10 million in bank transactions at the centre of an FBI investigation but said he had done nothing wrong. FIFA President Sepp Blatter's right-hand man acknowledged on Wednesday signing off on $10 million in bank transactions at the centre of an FBI investigation but said he had done nothing wrong. Emotional FIFA Official Hits Back Over Payments Scandal"), (u'Russia Sees No Threat to World Cup, Valcke Says Plans on Track', u'Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Wednesday he saw no threat to Russia hosting the World Cup in 2018 and that its successful bid to host the tournament was in line with the law. Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Wednesday he saw no threat to Russia hosting the World Cup in 2018 and that its successful bid to host the tournament was in line with the law. Russia Sees No Threat to World Cup, Valcke Says Plans on Track'), (u'Ex-England Boss McClaren Named Newcastle Manager', u'Former England manager Steve McClaren was appointed Newcastle United head coach on Wednesday after the club earlier said interim boss John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone had left. Former England manager Steve McClaren was appointed Newcastle United head coach on Wednesday after the club earlier said interim boss John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone had left. Ex-England Boss McClaren Named Newcastle Manager'), (u"Cavs' Dellavedova Hospitalized With Cramping", u"Cleveland Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova was hospitalized after experiencing 'severe cramping' following his team's victory over the Golden States Warriors in Game Three of the NBA Finals on Tuesday. Cleveland Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova was hospitalized after experiencing 'severe cramping' following his team's victory over the Golden States Warriors in Game Three of the NBA Finals on Tuesday. Cavs' Dellavedova Hospitalized With Cramping"), (u'Unlikely Gem: Rookie Chris Heston Leads Giants Over Mets 5-0', u'Chris Heston handled the New York Mets with ease. Explaining his accomplishment was the hard part. Chris Heston handled the New York Mets with ease. Explaining his accomplishment was the hard part. Unlikely Gem: Rookie Chris Heston Leads Giants Over Mets 5-0'), (u'Factbox-Facts About the Inaugural European Games in Baku', u"Azerbaijan's capital Baku is set to stage the inaugural European Games, the continent's first major multi-sports event. Here are some facts: Azerbaijan's capital Baku is set to stage the inaugural European Games, the continent's first major multi-sports event. Here are some facts: Factbox-Facts About the Inaugural European Games in Baku"), (u"Baku Will Be 'Big Bang Moment' for Games-Clegg", u"The European Games will provide the momentum for the first major continental multi-sports event to establish itself in the international sports calendar, Baku 2015 chief operating officer Simon Clegg said on Wednesday. The European Games will provide the momentum for the first major continental multi-sports event to establish itself in the international sports calendar, Baku 2015 chief operating officer Simon Clegg said on Wednesday. Baku Will Be 'Big Bang Moment' for Games-Clegg"), (u'Final Auditions for Wallabies Hopefuls in Super Rugby', u'The race for the Super Rugby playoffs reaches its climax in the final round of the regular season this weekend, but the competition between Wallabies hopefuls for World Cup places shapes as an intriguing sub-plot in Australia. The race for the Super Rugby playoffs reaches its climax in the final round of the regular season this weekend, but the competition between Wallabies hopefuls for World Cup places shapes as an intriguing sub-plot in Australia. Final Auditions for Wallabies Hopefuls in Super Rugby'), (u'Cavaliers Have the Lead but Work to Do in the NBA Finals', u'The lead in the NBA Finals belongs to Cleveland, though some momentum may be with the Warriors. The lead in the NBA Finals belongs to Cleveland, though some momentum may be with the Warriors. Cavaliers Have the Lead but Work to Do in the NBA Finals'), (u'FIFA to Elect Blatter Successor on December 16-BBC', u'Scandal-hit FIFA is likely to elect a new president at a Dec. 16 emergency meeting in Zurich, the BBC reported on Wednesday. Scandal-hit FIFA is likely to elect a new president at a Dec. 16 emergency meeting in Zurich, the BBC reported on Wednesday. FIFA to Elect Blatter Successor on December 16-BBC'), (u'FIFA Shelves Bidding for 2026 World Cup, Seeks Blatter Replacement', u'Scandal-plagued FIFA postponed the bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup on Wednesday and embarked on the search to find a replacement for outgoing President Sepp Blatter. Scandal-plagued FIFA postponed the bidding for the right to host the 2026 World Cup on Wednesday and embarked on the search to find a replacement for outgoing President Sepp Blatter. FIFA Shelves Bidding for 2026 World Cup, Seeks Blatter Replacement'), (u"Oakland A's 3B Brett Lawrie Sends Flowers to Injured Fan", u"Athletics third baseman Brett Lawrie has sent flowers to the woman who was seriously injured when she was hit in the head by Lawrie's broken bat at Fenway Park last week. Athletics third baseman Brett Lawrie has sent flowers to the woman who was seriously injured when she was hit in the head by Lawrie's broken bat at Fenway Park last week. Oakland A's 3B Brett Lawrie Sends Flowers to Injured Fan"), (u"Cavs' James Comfortable Playing 'Outside the Box'", u"With two All Star team mates missing from the NBA Finals due to injury, LeBron James carried the Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over Golden State on Tuesday and upstaged the league's Most Valuable Player in the process. With two All Star team mates missing from the NBA Finals due to injury, LeBron James carried the Cleveland Cavaliers to victory over Golden State on Tuesday and upstaged the league's Most Valuable Player in the process. Cavs' James Comfortable Playing 'Outside the Box'"), (u'U.S. Declines Comment on Ex-FIFA Chief and Haiti Earthquake Funds', u'The United States declined comment on Tuesday over whether it has investigated former FIFA president Jack Warner about the disappearance of money he raised for the Haiti earthquake. The United States declined comment on Tuesday over whether it has investigated former FIFA president Jack Warner about the disappearance of money he raised for the Haiti earthquake. U.S. Declines Comment on Ex-FIFA Chief and Haiti Earthquake Funds'), (u'Cavs Guard Matthew Dellavedova Out of Hospital', u'Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova has been released from the hospital after being treated for dehydration following Game 3 of the NBA Finals. Cavaliers guard Matthew Dellavedova has been released from the hospital after being treated for dehydration following Game 3 of the NBA Finals. Cavs Guard Matthew Dellavedova Out of Hospital'), (u'Sleepwalking Warriors Must Bringing Aggression to Game Four', u'The Golden State Warriors stressed a need to be more aggressive in their NBA Finals with the Cleveland Cavaliers if they want to have any chance of capping a brilliant season with a title. The Golden State Warriors stressed a need to be more aggressive in their NBA Finals with the Cleveland Cavaliers if they want to have any chance of capping a brilliant season with a title. Sleepwalking Warriors Must Bringing Aggression to Game Four'), (u"Moreland Homers, Martinez Pitches Rangers Past A's 2-1", u"Mitch Moreland hit a long home run and Nick Martinez outpitched Sonny Gray as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 2-1 on Tuesday night. Mitch Moreland hit a long home run and Nick Martinez outpitched Sonny Gray as the Texas Rangers beat the Oakland Athletics 2-1 on Tuesday night. Moreland Homers, Martinez Pitches Rangers Past A's 2-1"), (u'Dodgers Beat Diamondbacks 3-1 Behind Howie Kendrick', u'Howie Kendrick homered and snapped a seventh-inning tie with a two-run single, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers past Arizona 3-1 Tuesday night for their sixth consecutive win against the Diamondbacks. Howie Kendrick homered and snapped a seventh-inning tie with a two-run single, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers past Arizona 3-1 Tuesday night for their sixth consecutive win against the Diamondbacks. Dodgers Beat Diamondbacks 3-1 Behind Howie Kendrick'), (u'China FA Off-Side After Race-Based World Cup Qualifier Poster', u'The Chinese Football Association has drawn criticism for publishing a promotional poster that warns not to underestimate Hong Kong\'s team of "black, white and yellow" players ahead of their World Cup qualifiers. The Chinese Football Association has drawn criticism for publishing a promotional poster that warns not to underestimate Hong Kong\'s team of "black, white and yellow" players ahead of their World Cup qualifiers. China FA Off-Side After Race-Based World Cup Qualifier Poster'), (u'Tanaka, Drew, Yankees Top Scherzer, Nats for 7th Win in Row', u'On a day of prime pitching in the Big Apple, Masahiro Tanaka did more than his part. On a day of prime pitching in the Big Apple, Masahiro Tanaka did more than his part. Tanaka, Drew, Yankees Top Scherzer, Nats for 7th Win in Row'), (u'Questions Begin at Barcelona After Record-Setting Year', u'The club won the Spanish league and cup and the Champions League, but there still are questions swirling about the future of Coach Luis Enrique. The club won the Spanish league and cup and the Champions League, but there still are questions swirling about the future of Coach Luis Enrique. Questions Begin at Barcelona After Record-Setting Year'), (u'From Pet Project to Reality, the Man Behind Europe\u2019s Games', u'Patrick Hickey, president of the European Olympic Committees, discusses the inaugural European Games, which begin Friday in Baku, Azerbaijan. Patrick Hickey, president of the European Olympic Committees, discusses the inaugural European Games, which begin Friday in Baku, Azerbaijan. From Pet Project to Reality, the Man Behind Europe\u2019s Games'), (u'Inaugural European Games Are Playing With a Divisive Host', u'The downside to the multisport extravaganza is that Azerbaijan\u2019s human rights record has shadowed the event before it has even begun. The downside to the multisport extravaganza is that Azerbaijan\u2019s human rights record has shadowed the event before it has even begun. Inaugural European Games Are Playing With a Divisive Host'), (u'LeBron Steers Cavs Past Warriors to Close In on NBA Title', u'LeBron James turned in another virtuoso playoff performance in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a thrilling 96-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday and a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven NBA Finals. LeBron James turned in another virtuoso playoff performance in leading the Cleveland Cavaliers to a thrilling 96-91 victory over the Golden State Warriors on Tuesday and a 2-1 lead in the best-of-seven NBA Finals. LeBron Steers Cavs Past Warriors to Close In on NBA Title'), (u'LeBron, Cavs Survive Warriors Comeback, Win Game 3 96-91', u'LeBron James is doing more than ever. With the Cavaliers missing two All-Stars, he has no choice. LeBron James is doing more than ever. With the Cavaliers missing two All-Stars, he has no choice. LeBron, Cavs Survive Warriors Comeback, Win Game 3 96-91'), (u'N.B.A. Finals: LeBron James and Cavaliers Hold Off Warriors', u'The injured, undermanned Cavaliers survived a late rally to escape with a victory and seize a two-games-to-one lead in the best-of-seven series. The injured, undermanned Cavaliers survived a late rally to escape with a victory and seize a two-games-to-one lead in the best-of-seven series. N.B.A. Finals: LeBron James and Cavaliers Hold Off Warriors'), (u'Czech Republic Coach Resigns', u'Vladimir Ruzicka left amid allegations by parents that he demanded money to give their sons a chance of playing when he was at a Prague club. Vladimir Ruzicka left amid allegations by parents that he demanded money to give their sons a chance of playing when he was at a Prague club. Czech Republic Coach Resigns'), (u'Jeff Blashill Named Coach of Red Wings', u'The hiring of Blashill, the coach of a Detroit minor league affiliate, ended a search that began when Mike Babcock left for the Toronto Maple Leafs. The hiring of Blashill, the coach of a Detroit minor league affiliate, ended a search that began when Mike Babcock left for the Toronto Maple Leafs. Jeff Blashill Named Coach of Red Wings'), (u'Eugenie Bouchard\u2019s Slump Extended', u'Bouchard lost to Yaroslava Shvedova in the first round at the Topshelf Open in \u2019s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands. Bouchard lost to Yaroslava Shvedova in the first round at the Topshelf Open in \u2019s-Hertogenbosch, the Netherlands. Eugenie Bouchard\u2019s Slump Extended'), (u'Argentine Surrenders in FIFA Case', u'Alejandro Burzaco, a businessman indicted in the United States in connection with the corruption case, turned himself in to the police in Italy. Alejandro Burzaco, a businessman indicted in the United States in connection with the corruption case, turned himself in to the police in Italy. Argentine Surrenders in FIFA Case'), (u'Joey Votto Hits Three Homers in Reds\u2019 Rout of the Phillies', u'Votto hit two of the Reds\u2019 four homers off Aaron Harang, who had given up a total of four all season. Votto hit two of the Reds\u2019 four homers off Aaron Harang, who had given up a total of four all season. Joey Votto Hits Three Homers in Reds\u2019 Rout of the Phillies'), (u'Masahiro Tanaka Flashes Form and Substance in Yankees Win', u'Tanaka pitched seven standout innings and limited the Nationals to five hits and one run as the Yankees won their seventh straight game. Tanaka pitched seven standout innings and limited the Nationals to five hits and one run as the Yankees won their seventh straight game. Masahiro Tanaka Flashes Form and Substance in Yankees Win'), (u'Tuesday at the Women&#8217;s World Cup', u'Brazil beat South Korea, Costa Rica held on for a draw with Spain, Colombia and Mexico tied, and France stayed undefeated against England since 1974. Brazil beat South Korea, Costa Rica held on for a draw with Spain, Colombia and Mexico tied, and France stayed undefeated against England since 1974. Tuesday at the Women&#8217;s World Cup'), (u'Eliciting Memories, Nationals Draft Mariano Rivera\u2019s Son', u'Washington selected Mariano Rivera III, a right-handed pitcher, in the fourth round of the major league baseball draft. Washington selected Mariano Rivera III, a right-handed pitcher, in the fourth round of the major league baseball draft. Eliciting Memories, Nationals Draft Mariano Rivera\u2019s Son'), (u'Strong Third Quarter Lifts the Liberty', u'Tina Charles scored 21 points and Essence Carson added 14 for the Liberty (2-1), who had 23 assists on 29 baskets. Tina Charles scored 21 points and Essence Carson added 14 for the Liberty (2-1), who had 23 assists on 29 baskets. Strong Third Quarter Lifts the Liberty'), (u'Muhammad Wilkerson Shows Up, Without New Deal From Jets', u'Wilkerson, a defensive end who missed off-season workouts to protest the lack of progress toward a contract, returned for a three-day minicamp. Wilkerson, a defensive end who missed off-season workouts to protest the lack of progress toward a contract, returned for a three-day minicamp. Muhammad Wilkerson Shows Up, Without New Deal From Jets'), (u'Scorers Have Been Silent, but Blackhawks Remain Confident', u'Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane have not scored in the Stanley Cup finals, but Toews said, \u201cWe\u2019ve got a lot of guys who can do it.\u201d Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane have not scored in the Stanley Cup finals, but Toews said, \u201cWe\u2019ve got a lot of guys who can do it.\u201d Scorers Have Been Silent, but Blackhawks Remain Confident'), (u'Giants\u2019 Chris Heston Pitches No-Hitter Against Mets', u'Heston was an unheralded prospect, a stopgap starter and, until Tuesday, the owner of an unremarkable 14-game big league career. But only three hit batters kept him from a perfect game. Heston was an unheralded prospect, a stopgap starter and, until Tuesday, the owner of an unremarkable 14-game big league career. But only three hit batters kept him from a perfect game. Giants\u2019 Chris Heston Pitches No-Hitter Against Mets'), (u'Trauma Suit to Include Deposition From Gary Bettman', u'Lawyers for ex-players who have accused the N.H.L. of hiding the dangers of head trauma and promoting violence have a judge\u2019s permission to proceed with discovery. Lawyers for ex-players who have accused the N.H.L. of hiding the dangers of head trauma and promoting violence have a judge\u2019s permission to proceed with discovery. Trauma Suit to Include Deposition From Gary Bettman'), (u'Burden Unites the Cleveland Stars Jim Brown and LeBron James', u'Brown, a member of the 1964 N.F.L. champion Browns, and James have both been faced with the politics of being a black man in Cleveland. Brown, a member of the 1964 N.F.L. champion Browns, and James have both been faced with the politics of being a black man in Cleveland. Burden Unites the Cleveland Stars Jim Brown and LeBron James'), (u'Matthew Dellavedova Isn\u2019t First Aussie to Charm Cleveland', u'As unlikely as it may seem, Cleveland has embraced an Australian underdog athlete before \u2014 116 years ago, when Joe Quinn was the player-manager of the Spiders. As unlikely as it may seem, Cleveland has embraced an Australian underdog athlete before \u2014 116 years ago, when Joe Quinn was the player-manager of the Spiders. Matthew Dellavedova Isn\u2019t First Aussie to Charm Cleveland'), (u'Former Player Opposes Settlement in N.C.A.A. Concussion Suit', u'Adrian Arrington, the lead plaintiff in a class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A., said his lawyers had agreed to the deal without his knowledge. Adrian Arrington, the lead plaintiff in a class-action lawsuit against the N.C.A.A., said his lawyers had agreed to the deal without his knowledge. Former Player Opposes Settlement in N.C.A.A. Concussion Suit'), (u'Pia Sundhage of Sweden Is a Coach at Home on the Move', u'Sundhage, who led the United States to two Olympic titles and will face her former team in the Women\u2019s World Cup on Friday, was born in Sweden, but she has always been a wanderer. Sundhage, who led the United States to two Olympic titles and will face her former team in the Women\u2019s World Cup on Friday, was born in Sweden, but she has always been a wanderer. Pia Sundhage of Sweden Is a Coach at Home on the Move'), (u'Hope Solo Is a Hero on the Field. Repeat, on the Field.', u'The goalkeeper played brilliantly in the United States\u2019 Women\u2019s World Cup opener. She also attracted more negative attention when additional details of her arrest last year were made public. The goalkeeper played brilliantly in the United States\u2019 Women\u2019s World Cup opener. She also attracted more negative attention when additional details of her arrest last year were made public. Hope Solo Is a Hero on the Field. Repeat, on the Field.'), (u'Mercedes Cup Organizers Plant Grass to Grow Event\u2019s Profile', u'The tournament, in Stuttgart, Germany, is no longer being held on red clay, and it has been moved up on the calendar, with there now being three weeks between the French Open and Wimbledon. The tournament, in Stuttgart, Germany, is no longer being held on red clay, and it has been moved up on the calendar, with there now being three weeks between the French Open and Wimbledon. Mercedes Cup Organizers Plant Grass to Grow Event\u2019s Profile'), (u'Coyotes Facing Council Vote on Arena Lease Agreement', u"The city of Glendale has called for a special meeting on Wednesday to determine whether to end an arena lease agreement with the Arizona Coyotes, further clouding the team's future in the desert. The city of Glendale has called for a special meeting on Wednesday to determine whether to end an arena lease agreement with the Arizona Coyotes, further clouding the team's future in the desert. Coyotes Facing Council Vote on Arena Lease Agreement"), (u"Giants' Heston Hurls No-Hitter Against Mets", u"San Francisco pitcher Chris Heston tossed the first no-hitter in Major League Baseball this season as the Giants blanked the New York Mets 5-0 on Tuesday.    Heston, making just his 13th career start, struck out 11 without issuing a walk. He hit... San Francisco pitcher Chris Heston tossed the first no-hitter in Major League Baseball this season as the Giants blanked the New York Mets 5-0 on Tuesday.    Heston, making just his 13th career start, struck out 11 without issuing a walk. He hit three batters to keep him from achieving a perfect game. Giants' Heston Hurls No-Hitter Against Mets"), (u'Abreu, Rodon Power White Sox Past Slumping Astros 4-2', u'Jose Abreu hit a tie-breaking two-run homer, Carlos Rodon threw six scoreless innings, and the Chicago White Sox beat Houston 4-2 on Tuesday night to hand the Astros their sixth straight loss despite top draft pick Carlos Correa hitting his first... Jose Abreu hit a tie-breaking two-run homer, Carlos Rodon threw six scoreless innings, and the Chicago White Sox beat Houston 4-2 on Tuesday night to hand the Astros their sixth straight loss despite top draft pick Carlos Correa hitting his first homer. Abreu, Rodon Power White Sox Past Slumping Astros 4-2'), (u"Terdoslavich's First Career HR Lifts Braves Over Padres 6-5", u"Joey Terdoslavich led off the eighth inning with his first career home run and the Atlanta Braves rallied from a five-run deficit against James Shields to beat the San Diego Padres 6-5 on Tuesday night. Joey Terdoslavich led off the eighth inning with his first career home run and the Atlanta Braves rallied from a five-run deficit against James Shields to beat the San Diego Padres 6-5 on Tuesday night. Terdoslavich's First Career HR Lifts Braves Over Padres 6-5"), (u"Young Shines in Royals' 2-0 Win Over Twins", u"As ugly as the numbers looked for Chris Young over his previous two starts, the big right-hander felt he was just a couple of pitches away in each of those from breaking through. As ugly as the numbers looked for Chris Young over his previous two starts, the big right-hander felt he was just a couple of pitches away in each of those from breaking through. Young Shines in Royals' 2-0 Win Over Twins"), (u'Triple Crown Trainer Bob Baffert Tosses 1st Pitch at Dodgers', u"Bob Baffert took a victory lap at Dodger Stadium on Tuesday night, tossing out the ceremonial first pitch in celebration of American Pharoah's Triple Crown victory. Bob Baffert took a victory lap at Dodger Stadium on Tuesday night, tossing out the ceremonial first pitch in celebration of American Pharoah's Triple Crown victory. Triple Crown Trainer Bob Baffert Tosses 1st Pitch at Dodgers"), (u'LEADING OFF: Hudson Follows No-Hitter; AL Central Showdown', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: LEADING OFF: Hudson Follows No-Hitter; AL Central Showdown"), (u'Marta Sets Scoring Mark as Brazil Beat South Korea', u"Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women's World Cup by notching Brazil's second from the penalty spot in a 2-0 win over South Korea in their Group E opener on Tuesday. Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women's World Cup by notching Brazil's second from the penalty spot in a 2-0 win over South Korea in their Group E opener on Tuesday. Marta Sets Scoring Mark as Brazil Beat South Korea"), (u'Cano, Pitching Lead Mariners Past Indians 3-2', u'Robinson Cano broke out of a slump with two doubles and an RBI, while five pitchers held Cleveland in check, leading the Seattle Mariners to a 3-2 win over the Indians on Tuesday night. Robinson Cano broke out of a slump with two doubles and an RBI, while five pitchers held Cleveland in check, leading the Seattle Mariners to a 3-2 win over the Indians on Tuesday night. Cano, Pitching Lead Mariners Past Indians 3-2'), (u'Orioles Score on Wild Pitch to Beat Red Sox 1-0', u'Steve Pearce scored in the seventh inning on a wild pitch by Matt Barnes, and the Baltimore Orioles overcame another sharp outing by Boston Red Sox rookie Eduardo Rodriguez in a 1-0 victory Tuesday night. Steve Pearce scored in the seventh inning on a wild pitch by Matt Barnes, and the Baltimore Orioles overcame another sharp outing by Boston Red Sox rookie Eduardo Rodriguez in a 1-0 victory Tuesday night. Orioles Score on Wild Pitch to Beat Red Sox 1-0'), (u'Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List, Angels Beat Rays 8-2', u'Albert Pujols reached another milestone and helped the Los Angeles Angels end a skid. Albert Pujols reached another milestone and helped the Los Angeles Angels end a skid. Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List, Angels Beat Rays 8-2'), (u'Sanchez and Davis Lead Tigers to 6-0 Win Over Cubs', u'Anibal Sanchez pitched well for 7 2-3 innings and Rajai Davis had a big day at bat and in the field as the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 Tuesday night. Anibal Sanchez pitched well for 7 2-3 innings and Rajai Davis had a big day at bat and in the field as the Detroit Tigers beat the Chicago Cubs 6-0 Tuesday night. Sanchez and Davis Lead Tigers to 6-0 Win Over Cubs'), (u'Votto Hits 3 Homers, Reds Get 5 in All to Beat Phillies 11-2', u'Joey Votto hit three homers in a game for the third time in his career &#8212; matching Johnny Bench as the only Reds players to do it &#8212; and Cincinnati piled up five total on Tuesday night in a 11-2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies. Joey Votto hit three homers in a game for the third time in his career &#8212; matching Johnny Bench as the only Reds players to do it &#8212; and Cincinnati piled up five total on Tuesday night in a 11-2 victory over the Philadelphia Phillies. Votto Hits 3 Homers, Reds Get 5 in All to Beat Phillies 11-2'), (u'Tanaka, Drew, Yankees Top Scherzer, Nats for 7th Win in Row', u'On a day of prime pitching in the Big Apple, Masahiro Tanaka did more than his part. On a day of prime pitching in the Big Apple, Masahiro Tanaka did more than his part. Tanaka, Drew, Yankees Top Scherzer, Nats for 7th Win in Row'), (u"Royals' Chris Young Loses No-Hit Bid in the Seventh Inning", u"Trevor Plouffe broke up Kansas City pitcher Chris Young's no-hit bid with a triple to right field with one out in the seventh inning. Young was relieved by Franklin Morales as the Royals led 1-0. Trevor Plouffe broke up Kansas City pitcher Chris Young's no-hit bid with a triple to right field with one out in the seventh inning. Young was relieved by Franklin Morales as the Royals led 1-0. Royals' Chris Young Loses No-Hit Bid in the Seventh Inning"), (u"Reds' Joey Votto Hits 3 Homers, Matches Johnny Bench", u"Joey Votto has homered three times against the Philadelphia Phillies, matching Johnny Bench as the only Cincinnati Reds players to hit that many in a game three times. Joey Votto has homered three times against the Philadelphia Phillies, matching Johnny Bench as the only Cincinnati Reds players to hit that many in a game three times. Reds' Joey Votto Hits 3 Homers, Matches Johnny Bench"), (u'Encarnacion Hits Game-Winning Homer, Jays Beat Marlins 4-3', u'As he approached a crowd of teammates waiting at home plate, ready to celebrate his game-winning home run, Edwin Encarnacion pointed to his sore left shoulder and asked everyone to go easy on him. As he approached a crowd of teammates waiting at home plate, ready to celebrate his game-winning home run, Edwin Encarnacion pointed to his sore left shoulder and asked everyone to go easy on him. Encarnacion Hits Game-Winning Homer, Jays Beat Marlins 4-3'), (u"Giants' Heston Has No-Hit Bid vs Mets Through 8 Innings", u"San Francisco Giants pitcher Chris Heston has held the New York Mets hitless through eight innings. San Francisco Giants pitcher Chris Heston has held the New York Mets hitless through eight innings. Giants' Heston Has No-Hit Bid vs Mets Through 8 Innings"), (u"Australia's Rogers to Miss Another Test Due to Concussion", u"Australia opening batsman Chris Rogers will go into the Ashes series short of match fitness after being ruled out for a second consecutive test against West Indies due to concussion. Australia opening batsman Chris Rogers will go into the Ashes series short of match fitness after being ruled out for a second consecutive test against West Indies due to concussion. Australia's Rogers to Miss Another Test Due to Concussion"), (u'Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List', u'Los Angeles Angels slugger Albert Pujols has tied Mickey Mantle for 16th place on the all-time home run list. Los Angeles Angels slugger Albert Pujols has tied Mickey Mantle for 16th place on the all-time home run list. Pujols Ties Mantle on HR List'), (u"The Latest: Kobe: Cavs Playing Like 'Life Is on the Line'", u"The latest from Game 3 of the NBA Finals: The latest from Game 3 of the NBA Finals: The Latest: Kobe: Cavs Playing Like 'Life Is on the Line'"), (u'Rugby-On a Roll, Ireland Are World Cup Contenders-Wood', u'Former Ireland captain Keith Wood cannot contemplate whether the 2015 Six Nations champions are the best Irish team to travel to a World Cup without wondering what might have been. Former Ireland captain Keith Wood cannot contemplate whether the 2015 Six Nations champions are the best Irish team to travel to a World Cup without wondering what might have been. Rugby-On a Roll, Ireland Are World Cup Contenders-Wood'), (u'Verlander Set to Make 1st Start Saturday Against Indians', u'Detroit Tigers starter Justin Verlander is set to make his first start this season against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday. Detroit Tigers starter Justin Verlander is set to make his first start this season against the Cleveland Indians on Saturday. Verlander Set to Make 1st Start Saturday Against Indians'), (u'Late Colombia Goal Denies Mexico First World Cup Win', u'A late goal from Daniela Montoya allowed Colombia to escape with a 1-1 draw against Mexico in their Group F opener at the Women&#8217;s World Cup in Moncton on Tuesday. A late goal from Daniela Montoya allowed Colombia to escape with a 1-1 draw against Mexico in their Group F opener at the Women&#8217;s World Cup in Moncton on Tuesday.  Late Colombia Goal Denies Mexico First World Cup Win'), (u'Hosts Chile Aim to End Century of Copa America Pain', u'Hosts Chile will kick off the 44th edition of the Copa America on Thursday aiming to end one of the longest-running and most embarrassing records in South American football. Hosts Chile will kick off the 44th edition of the Copa America on Thursday aiming to end one of the longest-running and most embarrassing records in South American football. Hosts Chile Aim to End Century of Copa America Pain'), (u'Spain, Costa Rica Draw 1-1 in Near Empty Stadium', u"Women's World Cup debutants Spain and Costa Rica labored to a 1-1 draw on Tuesday in a dreary Group E opener played in a near empty Montreal Olympic Stadium. Women's World Cup debutants Spain and Costa Rica labored to a 1-1 draw on Tuesday in a dreary Group E opener played in a near empty Montreal Olympic Stadium. Spain, Costa Rica Draw 1-1 in Near Empty Stadium"), (u"U.S. Women's Soccer Team Finds Fervent Fans in Canada and at Home", u"Chip Shop is a popular spot for Brooklyn soccer fans, but the  restaurant was nevertheless stunned by the crowd that turned out on Monday night to watch the United States women's team make its 2015 World Cup debut against Australia. Chip Shop is a popular spot for Brooklyn soccer fans, but the  restaurant was nevertheless stunned by the crowd that turned out on Monday night to watch the United States women's team make its 2015 World Cup debut against Australia. U.S. Women's Soccer Team Finds Fervent Fans in Canada and at Home"), (u"Rodriguez Cedeno's Goal Earns Costa Rica 1-1 Draw With Spain", u"Raquel Rodriguez Cedeno's first-half goal gave Costa Rica a 1-1 draw against Spain at Montreal on Tuesday in the Women's World Cup debut for both countries. Raquel Rodriguez Cedeno's first-half goal gave Costa Rica a 1-1 draw against Spain at Montreal on Tuesday in the Women's World Cup debut for both countries. Rodriguez Cedeno's Goal Earns Costa Rica 1-1 Draw With Spain"), (u'Holdouts: Slum Resists Eviction in Shadow of Olympic Park', u"The Olympic Park for the 2016 Games is going up in one of Rio's wealthiest areas, and real estate prices are soaring even as Brazil enters a recession. The Olympic Park for the 2016 Games is going up in one of Rio's wealthiest areas, and real estate prices are soaring even as Brazil enters a recession. Holdouts: Slum Resists Eviction in Shadow of Olympic Park"), (u"Nicklaus Talks Tiger, but Questions Change to What's Wrong", u"Jack Nicklaus gets asked more about Tiger Woods than he ever did about the golf ball. Jack Nicklaus gets asked more about Tiger Woods than he ever did about the golf ball. Nicklaus Talks Tiger, but Questions Change to What's Wrong"), (u"Lightning Wary of Blackhawks' Game Four Prowess", u"After pulling off successive come-from-behind victories to snatch the lead in the Stanley Cup Final, the Tampa Bay Lightning are well aware of the Chicago Blackhawks' knack for being at their best in Game Fours. After pulling off successive come-from-behind victories to snatch the lead in the Stanley Cup Final, the Tampa Bay Lightning are well aware of the Chicago Blackhawks' knack for being at their best in Game Fours. Lightning Wary of Blackhawks' Game Four Prowess"), (u'Morgan Surprised as New-Look England Catch Fire', u"England captain Eoin Morgan was as surprised as anyone by his team's record 210-run victory over New Zealand in the first one-day international on Tuesday as a new-look side cut loose at Edgbaston. England captain Eoin Morgan was as surprised as anyone by his team's record 210-run victory over New Zealand in the first one-day international on Tuesday as a new-look side cut loose at Edgbaston.  Morgan Surprised as New-Look England Catch Fire"), (u'Radwanska Through in Nottingham, 2 More Seeded Players Fall', u'Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska dropped just three games in advancing to the second round of the grass-court Nottingham Open, while two seeds were eliminated from the Wimbledon warm-up event on Tuesday. Top-seeded Agnieszka Radwanska dropped just three games in advancing to the second round of the grass-court Nottingham Open, while two seeds were eliminated from the Wimbledon warm-up event on Tuesday. Radwanska Through in Nottingham, 2 More Seeded Players Fall'), (u'Park Gunning for LPGA Triple and World Number One', u"Park In-bee of South Korea has won the last two LPGA Championship titles and is gunning for a rare triple in the new incarnation of the women's major, the KPMG Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club. Park In-bee of South Korea has won the last two LPGA Championship titles and is gunning for a rare triple in the new incarnation of the women's major, the KPMG Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club. Park Gunning for LPGA Triple and World Number One"), (u'Soriano Agrees to Minor League Deal With Cubs', u'Free-agent reliever Rafael Soriano has agreed to a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs and would get s $4.1 million, one-year deal if added to the major league roster. Free-agent reliever Rafael Soriano has agreed to a minor league contract with the Chicago Cubs and would get s $4.1 million, one-year deal if added to the major league roster. Soriano Agrees to Minor League Deal With Cubs'), (u'American Medical Association Adopts Youth Sports Concussion Policy', u'The American Medical Association, responding to rising concern about concussions in youth sports like soccer and football, on Tuesday adopted policies intended to lower the risk of these brain injuries and called for prompt diagnosis and medical... The American Medical Association, responding to rising concern about concussions in youth sports like soccer and football, on Tuesday adopted policies intended to lower the risk of these brain injuries and called for prompt diagnosis and medical care. American Medical Association Adopts Youth Sports Concussion Policy'), (u'France Beat England 1-0 in World Cup Opener', u"Speedy forward Eugenie Le Sommer struck with a superb long-range goal in the first half to set up a 1-0 victory for France over England in their Group F Women's World Cup opener in Moncton on Tuesday. Speedy forward Eugenie Le Sommer struck with a superb long-range goal in the first half to set up a 1-0 victory for France over England in their Group F Women's World Cup opener in Moncton on Tuesday. France Beat England 1-0 in World Cup Opener"), (u'New Ball Gets Good Reviews, but Will It Fly at Big CWS Park', u'The home run is back in college baseball, thanks to the new flat-seam ball put into play this year. Everyone now wants to see if the trend carries over to the College World Series in its cavernous stadium. The home run is back in college baseball, thanks to the new flat-seam ball put into play this year. Everyone now wants to see if the trend carries over to the College World Series in its cavernous stadium. New Ball Gets Good Reviews, but Will It Fly at Big CWS Park'), (u"Appeals Panel Overturns NASCAR Penalty on Johnson's Team", u"An appeals committee has overturned the penalty levied against Jimmie Johnson's team for receiving two consecutive written warnings. An appeals committee has overturned the penalty levied against Jimmie Johnson's team for receiving two consecutive written warnings. Appeals Panel Overturns NASCAR Penalty on Johnson's Team"), (u'Blashill Takes Over as Red Wings Coach', u"The Detroit Red Wings appointed Jeff Blashill as the club's head coach on Tuesday to replace Mike Babcock, as had been widely expected. The Detroit Red Wings appointed Jeff Blashill as the club's head coach on Tuesday to replace Mike Babcock, as had been widely expected. Blashill Takes Over as Red Wings Coach"), (u'The Triple Crown Winners, Fit to Print', u'Twelve horses have won the Triple Crown, with American Pharoah\u2019s victory in 2015 the most recent. A look back at how The New York Times covered these rare triumphs. Twelve horses have won the Triple Crown, with American Pharoah\u2019s victory in 2015 the most recent. A look back at how The New York Times covered these rare triumphs. The Triple Crown Winners, Fit to Print'), (u'Perry Ends Career as a Slow Learner; Amateurs in US Open', u"One more putt would have given Kenny Perry two extra days on the PGA Tour, though it wouldn't have changed a thing. One more putt would have given Kenny Perry two extra days on the PGA Tour, though it wouldn't have changed a thing. Perry Ends Career as a Slow Learner; Amateurs in US Open"), (u'Blackhawks Draw on History, Experience in Stanley Cup Final', u'Jonathan Toews remembers his first postseason series in 2009, and the emotions that went along with each game. These days, the playoffs are a much different experience for the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks. Jonathan Toews remembers his first postseason series in 2009, and the emotions that went along with each game. These days, the playoffs are a much different experience for the captain of the Chicago Blackhawks. Blackhawks Draw on History, Experience in Stanley Cup Final'), (u'Biggest Surprise of Formula One Season? McLaren\u2019s Struggles', u'With the schedule one-third finished, the biggest news isn\u2019t the dominance of Mercedes, but the problems of McLaren Honda, which has only four points. With the schedule one-third finished, the biggest news isn\u2019t the dominance of Mercedes, but the problems of McLaren Honda, which has only four points. Biggest Surprise of Formula One Season? McLaren\u2019s Struggles'), (u'Pressure Grows at U.N. Climate Talks for Clearer Deal Outline', u'Negotiators at U.N. climate talks in Bonn are under growing pressure to speed their efforts to slim down the draft text for a new global climate deal due in Paris in December, so that ministers can start working on it this summer. Negotiators at U.N. climate talks in Bonn are under growing pressure to speed their efforts to slim down the draft text for a new global climate deal due in Paris in December, so that ministers can start working on it this summer. Pressure Grows at U.N. Climate Talks for Clearer Deal Outline'), (u"Wie Challenged by Westchester's Hills at Women's Major", u"Michelle Wie said the Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club this week has a special buzz to it and hopes her troublesome hip will not slow her down at the second major of the season. Michelle Wie said the Women's PGA Championship at Westchester Country Club this week has a special buzz to it and hopes her troublesome hip will not slow her down at the second major of the season. Wie Challenged by Westchester's Hills at Women's Major"), (u'Buttler, Root Lead England Rout of New Zealand', u"Jos Buttler and Joe Root thrashed brilliant centuries in England's highest one-day international score on the way to a 210-run rout of New Zealand in the first game of the series at Edgbaston on Tuesday. Jos Buttler and Joe Root thrashed brilliant centuries in England's highest one-day international score on the way to a 210-run rout of New Zealand in the first game of the series at Edgbaston on Tuesday. Buttler, Root Lead England Rout of New Zealand"), (u'Watch Out for Improving U.S. Team, Says Germany Coach Loew', u'The United States have improved all aspects of their game in the last few years and have become a force to be reckoned with, Germany coach Joachim Loew said on Tuesday at a news conference with U.S. counterpart Juergen Klinsmann. The United States have improved all aspects of their game in the last few years and have become a force to be reckoned with, Germany coach Joachim Loew said on Tuesday at a news conference with U.S. counterpart Juergen Klinsmann. Watch Out for Improving U.S. Team, Says Germany Coach Loew'), (u'Fight Schedule', u'June 12 June 12 Fight Schedule'), (u'MWR Swaps Crew Chiefs for Bowyer and Ragan as Teams Slump', u'Michael Waltrip Racing , seeking a solution for its season-long slump, swapped crew chiefs for Clint Bowyer and David Ragan on Tuesday. Michael Waltrip Racing , seeking a solution for its season-long slump, swapped crew chiefs for Clint Bowyer and David Ragan on Tuesday. MWR Swaps Crew Chiefs for Bowyer and Ragan as Teams Slump'), (u'Olympic Boxing Body Fires Executive Director', u'The International Boxing Association says it has fired executive director Ho Kim with immediate effect. The International Boxing Association says it has fired executive director Ho Kim with immediate effect. Olympic Boxing Body Fires Executive Director'), (u"Bucks Hoping Season's Momentum Carries Over to a New Arena", u"Jabari Parker just got to town, and he doesn't want to leave. Jabari Parker just got to town, and he doesn't want to leave. Bucks Hoping Season's Momentum Carries Over to a New Arena"), (u'Factbox-Juventus Signing Sami Khedira', u'Factbox on Germany international Sami Khedira, who has agreed to join Serie A club Juventus. Factbox on Germany international Sami Khedira, who has agreed to join Serie A club Juventus. Factbox-Juventus Signing Sami Khedira'), (u'Chile Eyes Crackdown on Violence, Racism at Copa America', u'Chile passed a new law on Tuesday to crack down on violence and racism at soccer matches ahead of the Copa America tournament which kicks off on Thursday. Chile passed a new law on Tuesday to crack down on violence and racism at soccer matches ahead of the Copa America tournament which kicks off on Thursday. Chile Eyes Crackdown on Violence, Racism at Copa America'), (u'Luis Enrique Agrees Barca Contract Extension', u'Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has ended uncertainty over his future by agreeing a one-year contract extension with the Spanish and European champions until the end of the 2016-17 season. Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has ended uncertainty over his future by agreeing a one-year contract extension with the Spanish and European champions until the end of the 2016-17 season. Luis Enrique Agrees Barca Contract Extension'), (u'Stanford Star Morris Gets His Chance With US National Team', u"The tattoo was his mother's idea about five years ago. The tattoo was his mother's idea about five years ago. Stanford Star Morris Gets His Chance With US National Team"), (u'Detroit Red Wings Hire Jeff Blashill to Replace Babcock', u'The moment Mike Babcock left the Detroit Red Wings, Jeff Blashill was the obvious candidate to replace him. The moment Mike Babcock left the Detroit Red Wings, Jeff Blashill was the obvious candidate to replace him. Detroit Red Wings Hire Jeff Blashill to Replace Babcock'), (u'Rookie Paquette Comes Through Again for Lightning in Final', u"Cedric Paquette didn't make the Lightning's roster out of training camp. He didn't nail down a permanent job in Tampa Bay until January, when general manager Steve Yzerman told him to move out of a hotel. Cedric Paquette didn't make the Lightning's roster out of training camp. He didn't nail down a permanent job in Tampa Bay until January, when general manager Steve Yzerman told him to move out of a hotel. Rookie Paquette Comes Through Again for Lightning in Final"), (u'Carver Leaves Newcastle, McClaren to Take Over-Reports', u'Interim Newcastle United manager John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone have left the club, with former England boss Steve McClaren poised to take over, British media reported on Tuesday. Interim Newcastle United manager John Carver and his assistant Steve Stone have left the club, with former England boss Steve McClaren poised to take over, British media reported on Tuesday. Carver Leaves Newcastle, McClaren to Take Over-Reports'), (u'Emirates Airline President-Would Like to Return as FIFA Sponsor', u"Emirates airline would be interested in renewing a deal to sponsor the FIFA World Cup once the scandal over corruption has been cleared up, the carrier's president said on Tuesday. Emirates airline would be interested in renewing a deal to sponsor the FIFA World Cup once the scandal over corruption has been cleared up, the carrier's president said on Tuesday. Emirates Airline President-Would Like to Return as FIFA Sponsor"), (u'Bouchard Starts Grass Season With Loss at Topshelf Open', u'Back on her favorite surface, top-seeded Eugenie Bouchard lost in the first round at the Topshelf Open on Tuesday. Back on her favorite surface, top-seeded Eugenie Bouchard lost in the first round at the Topshelf Open on Tuesday. Bouchard Starts Grass Season With Loss at Topshelf Open'), (u"Juventus Sign Germany's Khedira From Real Madrid", u"Juventus moved to strengthen their midfield by signing Germany international and World Cup winner Sami Khedira from Real Madrid on a free transfer, the Italian champions said. Juventus moved to strengthen their midfield by signing Germany international and World Cup winner Sami Khedira from Real Madrid on a free transfer, the Italian champions said. Juventus Sign Germany's Khedira From Real Madrid"), (u'Tomic, Troicki Advance to 2nd Round at Mercedes Cup', u'Fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic advanced to the second round of the Mercedes Cup by beating Jan-Lennard Struff of Germany 6-3, 7-6 (5) Tuesday at the grass-court Wimbledon warm-up tournament. Fifth-seeded Bernard Tomic advanced to the second round of the Mercedes Cup by beating Jan-Lennard Struff of Germany 6-3, 7-6 (5) Tuesday at the grass-court Wimbledon warm-up tournament. Tomic, Troicki Advance to 2nd Round at Mercedes Cup'), (u"Butcher's Boy Nolito Has Costa Rica in His Sights", u"Celta Vigo forward Nolito has come a long way since he earned 30 euros ($33.74) a week as a butcher's apprentice and should get a chance to show Spain coach Vicente del Bosque what he can do in Thursday's friendly against Costa Rica. Celta Vigo forward Nolito has come a long way since he earned 30 euros ($33.74) a week as a butcher's apprentice and should get a chance to show Spain coach Vicente del Bosque what he can do in Thursday's friendly against Costa Rica. Butcher's Boy Nolito Has Costa Rica in His Sights"), (u'Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy', u'Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. authorities over the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday. Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. authorities over the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday. Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy'), (u'Weah Junior Finally Gets Chance to Emulate Famous Father', u"The eldest son of Liberia's former World Footballer of the Year George Weah will get his first chance to emulate the international career of his father at the start of the 2017 African Nations Cup qualifiers this weekend. The eldest son of Liberia's former World Footballer of the Year George Weah will get his first chance to emulate the international career of his father at the start of the 2017 African Nations Cup qualifiers this weekend.     Weah Junior Finally Gets Chance to Emulate Famous Father"), (u'West Ham Name Bilic as Manager', u'West Ham United have appointed Croatian Slaven Bilic as their manager, the Premier League club said on Tuesday. West Ham United have appointed Croatian Slaven Bilic as their manager, the Premier League club said on Tuesday. West Ham Name Bilic as Manager'), (u'Factbox-West Ham Manager Slaven Bilic', u'Factbox on Croatian Slaven Bilic who was named manager of Premier League club West Ham United on Tuesday. Factbox on Croatian Slaven Bilic who was named manager of Premier League club West Ham United on Tuesday. Factbox-West Ham Manager Slaven Bilic'), (u'Southampton Rated Fastest Growing Brand in World Football', u'English Premier League club Southampton have been named the fastest growing football brand in the world after rising in value by 89 percent in the past year to $183 million. English Premier League club Southampton have been named the fastest growing football brand in the world after rising in value by 89 percent in the past year to $183 million. Southampton Rated Fastest Growing Brand in World Football'), (u'Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy', u'Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. prosecutors in the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday, police said. Businessman Alejandro Burzaco, one of three Argentines wanted by U.S. prosecutors in the FIFA bribery investigation, surrendered voluntarily to police in northern Italy on Tuesday, police said. Argentine Sought by U.S. in FIFA Scandal Surrenders in Italy'), (u'Alves Agrees Two-Year Barca Contract Extension', u'Barcelona defender Dani Alves has agreed a two-year contract extension to the end of the 2016-17 season with an option for a further year, the Spanish and European champions said on Tuesday. Barcelona defender Dani Alves has agreed a two-year contract extension to the end of the 2016-17 season with an option for a further year, the Spanish and European champions said on Tuesday. Alves Agrees Two-Year Barca Contract Extension'), (u"Malaysia's Pandelela Sets Sights High After SEA Games Success", u"With Southeast Asia conquered again, Pandelela Rinong, the brightest star in Malaysia's crack diving team, has set her sights on bigger things. With Southeast Asia conquered again, Pandelela Rinong, the brightest star in Malaysia's crack diving team, has set her sights on bigger things. Malaysia's Pandelela Sets Sights High After SEA Games Success"), (u'Salazar Denies Doping Allegations', u'American coach Alberto Salazar on Tuesday denied allegations of doping made by the BBC, which he accused of "inaccurate journalism" which was adversely affecting his Olympic medallists Mo Farah and Galen Rupp. American coach Alberto Salazar on Tuesday denied allegations of doping made by the BBC, which he accused of "inaccurate journalism" which was adversely affecting his Olympic medallists Mo Farah and Galen Rupp.  Salazar Denies Doping Allegations'), (u'BT Steps Up Pay-TV Battle With European Football Offer', u"Britain's BT raised the stakes in its battle with arch-rival Sky on Tuesday by making European Champions League football matches available for free to its television customers. Britain's BT raised the stakes in its battle with arch-rival Sky on Tuesday by making European Champions League football matches available for free to its television customers. BT Steps Up Pay-TV Battle With European Football Offer"), (u'Underdog Almaty Makes Good Showing in 2022 Bid Presentation', u'The race for the 2022 Winter Olympics may not be as one-sided as many had thought. The race for the 2022 Winter Olympics may not be as one-sided as many had thought. Underdog Almaty Makes Good Showing in 2022 Bid Presentation'), (u'Team Rebuilding an Urgent Need for World Cup Hosts Qatar', u"As Qatar continues its vast construction projects to prepare the tiny Gulf nation to host the 2022 World Cup, the slow rebuilding work of the country's football team puts them in danger of missing the showpiece deadline. As Qatar continues its vast construction projects to prepare the tiny Gulf nation to host the 2022 World Cup, the slow rebuilding work of the country's football team puts them in danger of missing the showpiece deadline. Team Rebuilding an Urgent Need for World Cup Hosts Qatar"), (u'England Lack Passion and Character, Says Gascoigne', u'Former England hero Paul Gascoigne has said the current team under Roy Hodgson lack the passion he was famous for, and that he cannot bear to watch much football these days because he misses playing so much. Former England hero Paul Gascoigne has said the current team under Roy Hodgson lack the passion he was famous for, and that he cannot bear to watch much football these days because he misses playing so much. England Lack Passion and Character, Says Gascoigne'), (u'Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing', u"Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing. Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing. Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing"), (u'Short Story: MLB Draft Opens With 3 Shortstops for 1st Time', u'Long night, short story. Long night, short story. Short Story: MLB Draft Opens With 3 Shortstops for 1st Time'), (u'Bosnich Pleads Guilty to Rash Driving Charge, Dodges Conviction', u'Former Australia goalkeeper Mark Bosnich has escaped conviction after pleading guilty to a charge of reckless driving in a road rage incident that left a cyclist injured last year. Former Australia goalkeeper Mark Bosnich has escaped conviction after pleading guilty to a charge of reckless driving in a road rage incident that left a cyclist injured last year. Bosnich Pleads Guilty to Rash Driving Charge, Dodges Conviction'), (u'Lightning Beat Blackhawks in Game 3 of Stanley Cup', u"So much for Ryan Callahan's quiet postseason. The veteran forward is making a lot of noise in the Stanley Cup Final. So much for Ryan Callahan's quiet postseason. The veteran forward is making a lot of noise in the Stanley Cup Final. Lightning Beat Blackhawks in Game 3 of Stanley Cup"), (u'Despite Mystery Ailment, Bishop Steals Win for Tampa Bay', u"Ben Bishop's long white goalie pads were laid face down in front of his empty locker, a skate left splayed behind each one. To say it looked like the Tampa Bay netminder was in a hurry to escape the scene of a crime would hardly be an exaggeration. Ben Bishop's long white goalie pads were laid face down in front of his empty locker, a skate left splayed behind each one. To say it looked like the Tampa Bay netminder was in a hurry to escape the scene of a crime would hardly be an exaggeration. Despite Mystery Ailment, Bishop Steals Win for Tampa Bay"), (u'Americans Shake Off Jitters; Obama Addresses Scandal', u'Forgive the United States for some opening night jitters. Forgive the United States for some opening night jitters. Americans Shake Off Jitters; Obama Addresses Scandal'), (u'Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt: Hitters Need to Do the Shifting', u"It took teams close to 100 years to make the drastic defensive shifts we see now. And it's evident every day the effect they're having on offensive performance. It took teams close to 100 years to make the drastic defensive shifts we see now. And it's evident every day the effect they're having on offensive performance. Hall of Famer Mike Schmidt: Hitters Need to Do the Shifting"), (u'Japan Minister Says Trouble-Plagued Olympic Stadium to Be Ready on Time', u'Japan\'s sports minister promised on Tuesday that Tokyo\'s new National Stadium, the centrepiece of the 2020 Summer Olympic Games, will be completed on time and blamed a "lack of clear responsibility" for the structure\'s raft of woes. Japan\'s sports minister promised on Tuesday that Tokyo\'s new National Stadium, the centrepiece of the 2020 Summer Olympic Games, will be completed on time and blamed a "lack of clear responsibility" for the structure\'s raft of woes. Japan Minister Says Trouble-Plagued Olympic Stadium to Be Ready on Time'), (u'With Series Tied, What to Watch in Game 3 of the NBA Finals', u'For the sixth consecutive year, the NBA Finals are tied after two games. For the sixth consecutive year, the NBA Finals are tied after two games. With Series Tied, What to Watch in Game 3 of the NBA Finals'), (u'TCU Back to CWS, Beats Texas A&M 5-4 in 16 Innings', u'Garrett Crain was running toward third base with the ball in front of him. The TCU senior second baseman kept going all the way to the College World Series. Garrett Crain was running toward third base with the ball in front of him. The TCU senior second baseman kept going all the way to the College World Series. TCU Back to CWS, Beats Texas A&M 5-4 in 16 Innings'), (u'Will USOC Stick With Boston, Give Up, or Pick Another City?', u'The leaders of the U.S. Olympic movement will soon choose one of three roads to take on their increasingly tumultuous path toward a bid for the 2024 Olympics. The leaders of the U.S. Olympic movement will soon choose one of three roads to take on their increasingly tumultuous path toward a bid for the 2024 Olympics. Will USOC Stick With Boston, Give Up, or Pick Another City?'), (u'Marta, Formiga on Target for Brazil, France Beat England', u"Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women&#8217;s World Cup on Tuesday as Brazil vaulted to the top of Group E with a 2-0 win over South Korea, while Eugenie Le Sommer's superb long-range strike gave France victory over England. Marta became the all-time leading scorer at the women&#8217;s World Cup on Tuesday as Brazil vaulted to the top of Group E with a 2-0 win over South Korea, while Eugenie Le Sommer's superb long-range strike gave France victory over England. Marta, Formiga on Target for Brazil, France Beat England"), (u'Australia World Cup Bid Had No Chance, Says Lowy', u'Australia\'s bid for the 2022 World Cup never stood a chance because their officials had not understood that votes were secured in back rooms according to "commercial interests", the country\'s soccer supremo Frank Lowy has said. Australia\'s bid for the 2022 World Cup never stood a chance because their officials had not understood that votes were secured in back rooms according to "commercial interests", the country\'s soccer supremo Frank Lowy has said. Australia World Cup Bid Had No Chance, Says Lowy'), (u"Hedman's Passes Loom Large for Lightning in Game Three Win", u'The Tampa Bay Lightning\'s 3-2 Game Three win over the Chicago Blackhawks in the Stanley Cup Finals on Monday was defender Victor Hedman\'s "coming-out party," according to Lightning coach Jon Cooper. The Tampa Bay Lightning\'s 3-2 Game Three win over the Chicago Blackhawks in the Stanley Cup Finals on Monday was defender Victor Hedman\'s "coming-out party," according to Lightning coach Jon Cooper. Hedman\'s Passes Loom Large for Lightning in Game Three Win'), (u"Ethier, Rollins Hit 3-Run HRs in Dodgers' Win Over D-Backs", u"Andre Ethier and Jimmy Rollins hit three-run homers and Howie Kendrick had three hits in his return to the starting lineup, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9-3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night. Andre Ethier and Jimmy Rollins hit three-run homers and Howie Kendrick had three hits in his return to the starting lineup, leading the Los Angeles Dodgers to a 9-3 victory over the Arizona Diamondbacks on Monday night. Ethier, Rollins Hit 3-Run HRs in Dodgers' Win Over D-Backs"), (u'Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks', u'The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 on Monday, giving them a 2-1 lead in the Stanley Cup Final. The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 on Monday, giving them a 2-1 lead in the Stanley Cup Final. Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks'), (u'Rookie Jungmann Shines in Debut as Brewers Top Pirates 4-1', u"Taylor Jungmann expected the nerves. It's the part where they disappeared the second he stepped onto a major league mound for the first time that surprised him. Taylor Jungmann expected the nerves. It's the part where they disappeared the second he stepped onto a major league mound for the first time that surprised him. Rookie Jungmann Shines in Debut as Brewers Top Pirates 4-1"), (u'Tulowitzki Powers Rockies to 11-3 Win Over Cardinals', u'The Colorado Rockies picked up another highly touted shortstop through the draft Monday night. Their current one definitely took notice. The Colorado Rockies picked up another highly touted shortstop through the draft Monday night. Their current one definitely took notice. Tulowitzki Powers Rockies to 11-3 Win Over Cardinals'), (u'At Draft, MLB Honors College Pitcher Who Donated Bone Marrow', u"The best ovation of Jason Boulais' career came a month after his final pitch. The best ovation of Jason Boulais' career came a month after his final pitch. At Draft, MLB Honors College Pitcher Who Donated Bone Marrow"), (u'Women\u2019s World Cup: Players to Follow', u'Once you get past the faces on magazine covers and the world players of the year, there are plenty of other stars who could be game changers at the World Cup. Once you get past the faces on magazine covers and the world players of the year, there are plenty of other stars who could be game changers at the World Cup. Women\u2019s World Cup: Players to Follow'), (u'Iowa State Hires Basketball Coach', u'The Cyclones hired Murray State\u2019s Steve Prohm to replace Fred Hoiberg, who became the coach of the Chicago Bulls. The Cyclones hired Murray State\u2019s Steve Prohm to replace Fred Hoiberg, who became the coach of the Chicago Bulls. Iowa State Hires Basketball Coach'), (u'Blue Jays Break Out Early and Pummel the Marlins', u'Josh Donaldson homered and had three R.B.I. for Toronto, and Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games in an 11-3 rout. Josh Donaldson homered and had three R.B.I. for Toronto, and Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games in an 11-3 rout. MLB Roundup; Toronto Blue Jays rout Miami Marlins, 11-3; other baseball news noted. Blue Jays Break Out Early and Pummel the Marlins'), (u'Two Are Upset at the Nottingham Open', u'Karin Knapp, the fourth seed, and Ajla Tomljanovic, the eighth seed, lost in the first round. Karin Knapp, the fourth seed, and Ajla Tomljanovic, the eighth seed, lost in the first round. Yanina Wickmayer beats Karin Knapp and Lauren Davis beats Ajla Tomljanovic in first round of the Nottingham Open; other tennis news noted. Two Are Upset at the Nottingham Open'), (u'Olympic Champion Dies', u'Sergei Sharikov, who won gold in the team saber event at the 1996 and 2000 Games, died in a car crash. Sergei Sharikov, who won gold in the team saber event at the 1996 and 2000 Games, died in a car crash. Olympic Champion Dies'), (u'Patriots Release Brandon Spikes', u'Spikes, a linebacker, was under investigation into whether his car had been involved in an accident that left three people injured. Spikes, a linebacker, was under investigation into whether his car had been involved in an accident that left three people injured. New England Patriots release linebacker Brandon Spikes amid police investigation into car crash; other football news noted. Patriots Release Brandon Spikes'), (u'Lee Janzen Qualifies for United States Open', u'Janzen, 50, won the event in 1993 and 1998. He earned the first of four spots available at the New York sectional qualifier. Janzen, 50, won the event in 1993 and 1998. He earned the first of four spots available at the New York sectional qualifier. Former champion Lee Janzen will have another shot at United States Open golf tournament after earning spot in New York sectional qualifier. Lee Janzen Qualifies for United States Open'), (u'Belmont Payouts Await', u'More than 95 percent of the $2 wagers placed on American Pharoah had yet to be collected. More than 95 percent of the $2 wagers placed on American Pharoah had yet to be collected. More than 95 percent of $2 bets placed on American Pharoah to win Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown championship have yet to be cashed two days after event; 94,128 gamblers placed that bet, which has return of $3.80. Belmont Payouts Await'), (u'Ben Bishop Helps Tampa Bay Lightning Pull Ahead in Stanley Cup Finals', u'Bishop, hindered by an undisclosed injury that appeared to affect his mobility, made 36 saves to lead Tampa Bay to a two-games-to-one advantage over the Chicago Blackhawks. Bishop, hindered by an undisclosed injury that appeared to affect his mobility, made 36 saves to lead Tampa Bay to a two-games-to-one advantage over the Chicago Blackhawks. Tampa Bay Lightning beat Chicago Blackhawks, 3-2, taking 2-1 lead in Stanley Cup finals. Ben Bishop Helps Tampa Bay Lightning Pull Ahead in Stanley Cup Finals'), (u'Monday at the Women\u2019s World Cup', u"Nigeria overcame deficits of 2-0 and 3-2 to forge a tie with fifth-ranked Sweden, and Cameroon scored three goals in nine minutes in a rout of Ecuador. Nigeria overcame deficits of 2-0 and 3-2 to forge a tie with fifth-ranked Sweden, and Cameroon scored three goals in nine minutes in a rout of Ecuador. Women's World Cup Roundup; Nigeria ties Sweden, 3-3, and Cameroon routs Ecuador, 6-0, in group stage; other World Cup news given. Monday at the Women\u2019s World Cup"), (u'Women\u2019s World Cup: U.S. Shows Unease; Hope Solo Puts a Stop to It', u"Two goals by Megan Rapinoe and several key saves by Solo, who has had trouble off the field, helped the Americans recover from a shaky start against Australia. Two goals by Megan Rapinoe and several key saves by Solo, who has had trouble off the field, helped the Americans recover from a shaky start against Australia. United States defeats Australia, 3-1, in group stage of the Women's World Cup. Women\u2019s World Cup: U.S. Shows Unease; Hope Solo Puts a Stop to It"), (u'Shortstops Loom Large at Top of Draft as Teams Pass on Pitchers', u'For the first time in the history of the major league draft, three shortstops were chosen with the top three picks, and four in the top 10. For the first time in the history of the major league draft, three shortstops were chosen with the top three picks, and four in the top 10. Shortstops are chosen as first three picks in the MLB draft for the first time in history, as teams focus on infield rather than pitching staff; No 1 pick is Dansby Swanson, Vanderbilt shortstop highly regarded for his hitting, who goes to Arizona Diamondbacks. Shortstops Loom Large at Top of Draft as Teams Pass on Pitchers'), (u'LeBron James Has Nothing to Prove, but He\u2019s Proving It Anyway', u"James, who has already won championships, fights to keep the Cavaliers competitive in the N.B.A. finals. James, who has already won championships, fights to keep the Cavaliers competitive in the N.B.A. finals. Scott Cacciola praises Lebron James's dogged performance during Cleveland Cavaliers narrow victory over Golden State Warriors in Game 2 of the NBA finals; argues that while James has little to prove as the greatest player in the league, he is nonetheless leaving everything on the court as he seeks to equalize competition against an opponent with significant advantages. LeBron James Has Nothing to Prove, but He\u2019s Proving It Anyway"), (u'At 50, Major League Draft Has Sharpened Its Focus ', u"Top high school prospects, like the four who were in New York for the opening day of the draft, are the focus of greater attention today than they were years ago. Top high school prospects, like the four who were in New York for the opening day of the draft, are the focus of greater attention today than they were years ago. Tyler Kepner On Baseball column observes that MLB draft has increased its focus on high school prospects like Brendan Rodgers, shortstop who was chosen third overall; notes that Rodgers' role model is Derek Jeter, who was first high schooler drafted in 1992. At 50, Major League Draft Has Sharpened Its Focus "), (u'Critical of FIFA, Publishers Flee', u"The publishers of a Cayman Islands newspaper said they feared for their safety after the territory&#8217;s premier described a recent editorial as &#8220;treasonous.&#8221; The publishers of a Cayman Islands newspaper said they feared for their safety after the territory&#8217;s premier described a recent editorial as &#8220;treasonous.&#8221; David Legge and wife Vicki, publishers of only daily newspaper in the Cayman Islands, flee territory after Premier Alden McLaughlin describes recent editorial as 'treasonous'; piece in Cayman Compass criticized rampant corruption in territory, and called on authorities to investigate all local activities that might have contributed to FIFA scandal; Jeffrey Webb, former president of Cayman's soccer federation, has been accused of taking millions in bribes. Critical of FIFA, Publishers Flee"), (u'Shot Clock Cut for Men in College Basketball', u"Men&#8217;s games will have a 30-second shot clock in the coming season, a reduction from 35 seconds, the N.C.A.A. announced. Men&#8217;s games will have a 30-second shot clock in the coming season, a reduction from 35 seconds, the N.C.A.A. announced. NCAA announces several rule changes for coming men's college basketball season, including reduction of shot clock to 30 seconds from 35; changes are aimed at speeding up pace of games. Shot Clock Cut for Men in College Basketball"), (u'John Derr, Golf Reporter at 62 Masters Tournaments, Dies at 97', u'Mr. Derr reported from the Masters 62 times starting in 1935, the year after it began, and was part of the CBS team that first presented the event on television, in 1956. Mr. Derr reported from the Masters 62 times starting in 1935, the year after it began, and was part of the CBS team that first presented the event on television, in 1956. John Derr, Golf Reporter at 62 Masters Tournaments, Dies at 97'), (u'I.O.C. Adds Four Events to Roster of 2018 Winter Games', u'The events \u2014 curling mixed doubles, mass start speed skating, an Alpine skiing event between nations and snowboard big air \u2014 have female participation and youth appeal in mind. The events \u2014 curling mixed doubles, mass start speed skating, an Alpine skiing event between nations and snowboard big air \u2014 have female participation and youth appeal in mind. International Olympic Committee approves several new events for the 2018 Winter Games in South Korea; additions include mixed doubles curling, mass-start speedskating Alpine skiing team event and big air snowboarding competition; changes seemed aimed at female participation and youth appeal. I.O.C. Adds Four Events to Roster of 2018 Winter Games'), (u'Longtime Assistants Relish Ride With American Pharoah', u'After escorting American Pharoah on a whirlwind journey that ended with a Triple Crown, Bob Baffert\u2019s assistants Jimmy and Dana Barnes are perhaps closest to the colt. After escorting American Pharoah on a whirlwind journey that ended with a Triple Crown, Bob Baffert\u2019s assistants Jimmy and Dana Barnes are perhaps closest to the colt. Profile of Jimmy Barnes and his wife Dana, assistant trainers to Bob Baffert who have possibly the closest relationship to Triple Crown-winning colt American Pharaoh. Longtime Assistants Relish Ride With American Pharoah'), (u'Former Soccer Player Sues Illinois, Saying Concussion Was Mishandled', u'Casey Conine, who seeks damages of at least $50,000, said the University of Illinois ignored its own protocol after she sustained a concussion in October. Casey Conine, who seeks damages of at least $50,000, said the University of Illinois ignored its own protocol after she sustained a concussion in October. Former University of Illinois soccer player Casey Conine files suit alleging her career was ruined after school mishandled her concussion by ignoring protocol; is first of several similar accusations by Illinois student athletes, but the first to be litigated. Former Soccer Player Sues Illinois, Saying Concussion Was Mishandled'), (u'Scouting a Mystery World Cup Opponent Can Take Some Detective Work', u"Many teams have little information about their opposition from Africa and Asia. Many teams have little information about their opposition from Africa and Asia. Coaches of prominent teams in the Women's World Cup have had to rely on unconventional scouting practices amid expanded field that is crowded with relative unknowns; have used informal network of friends and associates, as well as television footage, to get handle on new contenders like Ivory Coast and Thailand; are pursuing scouting despite powerful odds in their favor, as evidenced by Germany's 10-0 victory over Ivory Coast. Scouting a Mystery World Cup Opponent Can Take Some Detective Work"), (u'Live and Kicking: Soccer Games to Watch', u'The European leagues are done, but the Women\u2019s World Cup and the under-20 World Cup are continuing. The European leagues are done, but the Women\u2019s World Cup and the under-20 World Cup are continuing. Live and Kicking: Soccer Games to Watch'), (u'N.B.A. Finals: In Overtime, Missed Shots and Foul Calls Were the Key', u'With the Cavaliers and the Warriors both missing the net in the extra period, Game 2 of the N.B.A. finals came down to foul calls, no-calls and free throws. With the Cavaliers and the Warriors both missing the net in the extra period, Game 2 of the N.B.A. finals came down to foul calls, no-calls and free throws. N.B.A. Finals: In Overtime, Missed Shots and Foul Calls Were the Key'), (u'NBC Announces 12-Year Deal to Televise the British Open', u'The agreement came nearly two years after the network lost the rights to air the United States Open to Fox. The agreement came nearly two years after the network lost the rights to air the United States Open to Fox. NBC wins rights to carry British Open for 12-year period beginning in 2017, paying at least $50 million for rights; contract was essential victory for network that lost rights to the United States Open, its only golf major, nearly two years earlier. NBC Announces 12-Year Deal to Televise the British Open'), (u'Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks', u'The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 in Game Three of the Stanley Cup Final on Monday. The Tampa Bay Lightning shrugged off a hostile Chicago crowd to score twice in the third period and beat the Blackhawks 3-2 in Game Three of the Stanley Cup Final on Monday. Lightning Score Late to Take Series Lead vs Blackhawks'), (u"Chicago Can't Cash in Chances, Trail Stanley Cup Final 2-1", u"Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane came up empty-handed for the Chicago Blackhawks. Marian Hossa missed a wide open net, too, against a goalie who looked like he was having trouble moving. Jonathan Toews and Patrick Kane came up empty-handed for the Chicago Blackhawks. Marian Hossa missed a wide open net, too, against a goalie who looked like he was having trouble moving. Chicago Can't Cash in Chances, Trail Stanley Cup Final 2-1"), (u'Lightning Beat Blackhawks 3-2, Lead Stanley Cup Final 2-1', u'Victor Hedman is throwing a party at the Stanley Cup Final, and the Tampa Bay Lightning are having a great time so far. Victor Hedman is throwing a party at the Stanley Cup Final, and the Tampa Bay Lightning are having a great time so far. Lightning Beat Blackhawks 3-2, Lead Stanley Cup Final 2-1'), (u'Kemp, Kimbrel Lead Padres Over Braves in 11 Innings', u'Matt Kemp drove in the go-ahead run with a loud double, former Braves star Craig Kimbrel earned his 200th career save and the San Diego Padres beat Atlanta 5-3 in 11 innings on Monday night. Matt Kemp drove in the go-ahead run with a loud double, former Braves star Craig Kimbrel earned his 200th career save and the San Diego Padres beat Atlanta 5-3 in 11 innings on Monday night. Kemp, Kimbrel Lead Padres Over Braves in 11 Innings'), (u'Royals Take Opener vs. Twins 3-1 to Move Into 1st', u'Jason Vargas threw six shutout innings and Kendrys Morales hit a long home run against his former team to push the Kansas City Royals to a 3-1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Monday night. Jason Vargas threw six shutout innings and Kendrys Morales hit a long home run against his former team to push the Kansas City Royals to a 3-1 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Monday night. Royals Take Opener vs. Twins 3-1 to Move Into 1st'), (u'Reds Finally Get to Hamels, Beat Phillies 6-4 on De Jesus HR', u'Ivan De Jesus Jr. hit the first homer of his big league career, the Cincinnati Reds finally beat Cole Hamels with the help of a couple of Phillies misplays that set up a 6-4 victory over Philadelphia on Monday night. Ivan De Jesus Jr. hit the first homer of his big league career, the Cincinnati Reds finally beat Cole Hamels with the help of a couple of Phillies misplays that set up a 6-4 victory over Philadelphia on Monday night. Reds Finally Get to Hamels, Beat Phillies 6-4 on De Jesus HR'), (u'Blue Jays Score 6 in 1st, Beat Miami for 6th Straight Win', u'Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games with an RBI single during a six-run first inning and the Toronto Blue Jays routed the Miami Marlins 11-3 Monday night for their sixth win in a row. Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak to 18 games with an RBI single during a six-run first inning and the Toronto Blue Jays routed the Miami Marlins 11-3 Monday night for their sixth win in a row. Blue Jays Score 6 in 1st, Beat Miami for 6th Straight Win'), (u'Rapinoe Leads U.S. Past Australia in World Cup', u"Megan Rapinoe scored twice to lead the United States to a 3-1 win over Australia in their Women's World Cup opener on Monday, extending their unbeaten run against the Matildas to 25 games. Megan Rapinoe scored twice to lead the United States to a 3-1 win over Australia in their Women's World Cup opener on Monday, extending their unbeaten run against the Matildas to 25 games. Rapinoe Leads U.S. Past Australia in World Cup"), (u'Donald, Goosen and Janzen Among Those Earning Open Spots', u"England's former world number one Luke Donald led a host of big-name players who fought their way through 36 holes of qualifying on Monday to secure spots at next week's U.S. Open. England's former world number one Luke Donald led a host of big-name players who fought their way through 36 holes of qualifying on Monday to secure spots at next week's U.S. Open. Donald, Goosen and Janzen Among Those Earning Open Spots"), (u'Cameroon Overpower Fellow Debutants Ecuador With 6-0 Win', u"Gaelle Enganamouit scored a hat-trick as Cameroon belied their lowly world ranking of 53rd with a commanding 6-0 victory over fellow Women's World Cup debutants Ecuador in their Group C opener in Vancouver on Monday. Gaelle Enganamouit scored a hat-trick as Cameroon belied their lowly world ranking of 53rd with a commanding 6-0 victory over fellow Women's World Cup debutants Ecuador in their Group C opener in Vancouver on Monday. Cameroon Overpower Fellow Debutants Ecuador With 6-0 Win"), (u'Manfred: MLB to Re-evaluate Fan Safety After Fenway Accident', u'Major League Baseball plans to re-evaluate fan safety at stadiums following the serious injury to a woman at Fenway Park last week. Major League Baseball plans to re-evaluate fan safety at stadiums following the serious injury to a woman at Fenway Park last week. Manfred: MLB to Re-evaluate Fan Safety After Fenway Accident'), (u'Australia Will Not Bid for FIFA Events Until Change', u'Australia has shelved its bid for the 2023 Women\'s World Cup pending an "overhaul" of FIFA as the global football governing body reels from a corruption scandal. Australia has shelved its bid for the 2023 Women\'s World Cup pending an "overhaul" of FIFA as the global football governing body reels from a corruption scandal. Australia Will Not Bid for FIFA Events Until Change'), (u'Tampa Beats Chicago 3-2, Takes 2-1 Lead in Stanley Cup Final', u'The latest from Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final between Tampa Bay and Chicago: The latest from Game 3 of the Stanley Cup Final between Tampa Bay and Chicago: Tampa Beats Chicago 3-2, Takes 2-1 Lead in Stanley Cup Final'), (u'Short & Sweet: 3 Shortstops Lead Off MLB Draft for 1st Time', u'Shortstops were a big hit leading off the Major League Baseball draft. Shortstops were a big hit leading off the Major League Baseball draft. Short & Sweet: 3 Shortstops Lead Off MLB Draft for 1st Time'), (u'Putnam Earns a Trip Home to Chambers Bay for US Open', u"One day made up for five straight weeks of lousy golf for Michael Putnam. He's going home to Chambers Bay for the U.S. Open. One day made up for five straight weeks of lousy golf for Michael Putnam. He's going home to Chambers Bay for the U.S. Open. Putnam Earns a Trip Home to Chambers Bay for US Open"), (u'Alex Morgan Not in US Starting Lineup for World Cup Opener', u"Forward Alex Morgan was not the starting lineup for the United States' Women's World Cup opener against Australia on Monday night. Forward Alex Morgan was not the starting lineup for the United States' Women's World Cup opener against Australia on Monday night. Alex Morgan Not in US Starting Lineup for World Cup Opener"), (u'Nigeria Score Late to Draw With Sweden', u"Francisca Ordega scored a late equalizer for Nigeria to earn a 3-3 draw with Sweden in their Group D Women's World Cup opener on Monday, signaling that Africa will be heard from during the month-long tournament. Francisca Ordega scored a late equalizer for Nigeria to earn a 3-3 draw with Sweden in their Group D Women's World Cup opener on Monday, signaling that Africa will be heard from during the month-long tournament. Nigeria Score Late to Draw With Sweden"), (u'With Cano Struggling, Mariners Among Biggest Disappointments', u'Robinson Cano was only supposed to hear the jeers and boos cascading from the spectators when he was playing on the road. Robinson Cano was only supposed to hear the jeers and boos cascading from the spectators when he was playing on the road. With Cano Struggling, Mariners Among Biggest Disappointments'), (u"Ordega Scores Equalizer in Nigeria's 3-3 Tie With Sweden", u"Francisca Ordega's 87th-minute goal pulled Nigeria into a 3-3 tie with Sweden in a Women's World Cup match on Monday. Francisca Ordega's 87th-minute goal pulled Nigeria into a 3-3 tie with Sweden in a Women's World Cup match on Monday. Ordega Scores Equalizer in Nigeria's 3-3 Tie With Sweden"), (u'Fiorentina Sack Head Coach Montella', u'Fiorentina have sacked head coach Vincenzo Montella after denouncing the Italian for a lack of respect and causing a breakdown in trust, the Serie A side said on Monday. Fiorentina have sacked head coach Vincenzo Montella after denouncing the Italian for a lack of respect and causing a breakdown in trust, the Serie A side said on Monday. Fiorentina Sack Head Coach Montella'), (u'Bettors for Historic American Pharoah Victory Have $315,000 in Uncashed Tickets', u"Thoroughbred racing fans wanting a historical keepsake or possibly a cash windfall from American Pharoah's Triple Crown-clinching Belmont Stakes victory have not cashed $315,829 worth of $2 win tickets, track officials said on Monday. Thoroughbred racing fans wanting a historical keepsake or possibly a cash windfall from American Pharoah's Triple Crown-clinching Belmont Stakes victory have not cashed $315,829 worth of $2 win tickets, track officials said on Monday. Bettors for Historic American Pharoah Victory Have $315,000 in Uncashed Tickets"), (u"NCAA Approves 30-Second Shot Clock in Men's Basketball", u"College basketball is undergoing a major overhaul next season. College basketball is undergoing a major overhaul next season. NCAA Approves 30-Second Shot Clock in Men's Basketball"), (u'Truex Overcomes Series of Setbacks for Gratifying Victory', u"It's never come easy for Martin Truex Jr., a journeyman driver who has never found the success he hoped to have at NASCAR's highest level. It's never come easy for Martin Truex Jr., a journeyman driver who has never found the success he hoped to have at NASCAR's highest level. Truex Overcomes Series of Setbacks for Gratifying Victory"), (u'LeBron, Cavs Recover After Beating Warriors, Tying Finals', u'Once LeBron James tied up the NBA Finals with another one of his virtuoso postseason performances, his legs were in knots. Once LeBron James tied up the NBA Finals with another one of his virtuoso postseason performances, his legs were in knots. LeBron, Cavs Recover After Beating Warriors, Tying Finals'), (u'Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing', u"Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing. Even after posting the worst 72-hole total of his PGA Tour career at last week's Memorial Tournament, Tiger Woods says he has been encouraged by the progress he has made with his revamped golf swing. Struggling Tiger Says Encouraged by Progression in Swing"), (u'Injured Yaya Toure Misses Out Nations Cup Match', u"Midfielder Yaya Toure has been left out of Ivory Coast's squad for this weekend&#8217;s African Nations Cup qualifier in Gabon because of injury, the Ivorian Football Federation said on Monday. Midfielder Yaya Toure has been left out of Ivory Coast's squad for this weekend&#8217;s African Nations Cup qualifier in Gabon because of injury, the Ivorian Football Federation said on Monday. Injured Yaya Toure Misses Out Nations Cup Match"), (u'Kohlschreiber Wins Opener at Mercedes Cup Against Dolgopolov', u'Sixth-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3, 6-3 on Monday to ease into the second round of the Mercedes Cup. Sixth-seeded Philipp Kohlschreiber beat Alexandr Dolgopolov 6-3, 6-3 on Monday to ease into the second round of the Mercedes Cup. Kohlschreiber Wins Opener at Mercedes Cup Against Dolgopolov'), (u"Warriors' Curry Not Rattled by Forgettable NBA Finals Game", u"Stephen Curry had a rare off-night that cost his Golden State Warriors a chance to grab a vice-like grip on the NBA Finals, but the league's Most Valuable Player is not fretting one of the most frustrating games of his career. Stephen Curry had a rare off-night that cost his Golden State Warriors a chance to grab a vice-like grip on the NBA Finals, but the league's Most Valuable Player is not fretting one of the most frustrating games of his career. Warriors' Curry Not Rattled by Forgettable NBA Finals Game"), (u'IOC Still Concerned About Rio Water Pollution', u'The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is still concerned about the water pollution in Rio de Janeiro barely one year before it hosts the Olympic Games, its president Thomas Bach said on Monday. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) is still concerned about the water pollution in Rio de Janeiro barely one year before it hosts the Olympic Games, its president Thomas Bach said on Monday. IOC Still Concerned About Rio Water Pollution'), (u"NFL's Patriots Cut Spikes Amid Accident Investigation", u"New England Patriots linebacker Brandon Spikes, being investigated for possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident, was released by the team on Monday, less than a month after it signed him. New England Patriots linebacker Brandon Spikes, being investigated for possible involvement in a hit-and-run accident, was released by the team on Monday, less than a month after it signed him. NFL's Patriots Cut Spikes Amid Accident Investigation"), (u"UConn Coach Says He Doesn't Need UCF's Consent for Rivalry", u"UConn football coach Bob Diaco has created a trophy and countdown clock, saying Monday he doesn't need UCF's permission to manufacture a rivalry game with the Knights. UConn football coach Bob Diaco has created a trophy and countdown clock, saying Monday he doesn't need UCF's permission to manufacture a rivalry game with the Knights. UConn Coach Says He Doesn't Need UCF's Consent for Rivalry"), (u'Bach Warns FIFA That Reforms Will Be Painful', u"International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach encouraged FIFA to continue with its reforms on Monday but warned soccer's scandal-plagued governing body that the process would be painful. International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach encouraged FIFA to continue with its reforms on Monday but warned soccer's scandal-plagued governing body that the process would be painful.  Bach Warns FIFA That Reforms Will Be Painful"), (u'2 Seeds Fall at Nottingham Open 1st Round', u"Seeded players Karin Knapp and Ajla Tomljanovic lost in the first round of the Nottingham Open on Monday as top-level women's tennis returned to the central England grass-court venue for the first time in 42 years. Seeded players Karin Knapp and Ajla Tomljanovic lost in the first round of the Nottingham Open on Monday as top-level women's tennis returned to the central England grass-court venue for the first time in 42 years. 2 Seeds Fall at Nottingham Open 1st Round"), (u'LeBron Has Cleveland Believing a Championship Is Near', u"High above downtown, there's no visible evidence of a painful 51-year professional sports championship drought &#8212; the longest for any major U.S. city. High above downtown, there's no visible evidence of a painful 51-year professional sports championship drought &#8212; the longest for any major U.S. city. LeBron Has Cleveland Believing a Championship Is Near"), (u'European Soccer Bids Adieu to 2 Stalwarts', u'In the Champions League final, Xavi Hern&#225;ndez, the Catalan playmaker, and Andrea Pirlo, the Italian virtuoso, said goodbye. In the Champions League final, Xavi Hern&#225;ndez, the Catalan playmaker, and Andrea Pirlo, the Italian virtuoso, said goodbye. European Soccer Bids Adieu to 2 Stalwarts'), (u'Obama: U.S. Wants to Ensure World Soccer Operates With Integrity', u'President Barack Obama on Monday made his first comments on the scandal enveloping soccer\'s governing body, saying the sport is a "massive business" that needs to be run with integrity. President Barack Obama on Monday made his first comments on the scandal enveloping soccer\'s governing body, saying the sport is a "massive business" that needs to be run with integrity. Obama: U.S. Wants to Ensure World Soccer Operates With Integrity'), (u"Fendrich on Tennis: Williams' Slam Bid Moves On to Wimbledon", u"Serena Williams was only a few hours' removed from her second major trophy of 2015, putting her halfway to a true Grand Slam, when she expressed a wish for a particular outcome in the following day's men's final at the French Open. Serena Williams was only a few hours' removed from her second major trophy of 2015, putting her halfway to a true Grand Slam, when she expressed a wish for a particular outcome in the following day's men's final at the French Open. Fendrich on Tennis: Williams' Slam Bid Moves On to Wimbledon"), (u'Engine Rules Could Force Renault Out: Horner', u'Renault could quit Formula One if they are not allowed to develop their engines during the course of next season, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has warned. Renault could quit Formula One if they are not allowed to develop their engines during the course of next season, Red Bull team principal Christian Horner has warned. Engine Rules Could Force Renault Out: Horner'), (u'Four New Events Added to 2018 Winter Olympics', u'Four new events in curling, speed skating, downhill skiing and snowboarding have been added to the programme for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang. Four new events in curling, speed skating, downhill skiing and snowboarding have been added to the programme for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang.  Four New Events Added to 2018 Winter Olympics'), (u"Chelsea's Brunei Prince Bows Out of SEA Games", u"Chelsea forward Faiq Jefri Boliah is easily the most marked footballer at the Southeast Asian Games. Everywhere the 17-year-old Brunei royal goes someone is by his side. Chelsea forward Faiq Jefri Boliah is easily the most marked footballer at the Southeast Asian Games. Everywhere the 17-year-old Brunei royal goes someone is by his side. Chelsea's Brunei Prince Bows Out of SEA Games"), (u'Defending Champion Vandeweghe Advances at TopShelf Open', u'CoCo Vandeweghe started the defense of her Topshelf Open title with a 7-6 (1), 6-1 win over Andreea Mitu on Monday as the season shifted to grass. CoCo Vandeweghe started the defense of her Topshelf Open title with a 7-6 (1), 6-1 win over Andreea Mitu on Monday as the season shifted to grass. Defending Champion Vandeweghe Advances at TopShelf Open'), (u'Zambia Switch Coaches Days Before Qualifier', u'Zambia have appointed George Lwandamina as caretaker coach five days before they play Guinea Bissau in a home African Nations Cup qualifier on Saturday. Zambia have appointed George Lwandamina as caretaker coach five days before they play Guinea Bissau in a home African Nations Cup qualifier on Saturday. Zambia Switch Coaches Days Before Qualifier'), (u'IOC Approves New Events for 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang', u'The IOC approved new events Monday in snowboarding, Alpine skiing, speedskating and curling for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. The IOC approved new events Monday in snowboarding, Alpine skiing, speedskating and curling for the 2018 Winter Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. IOC Approves New Events for 2018 Winter Games in Pyeongchang'), (u'England Have Picked Exciting Squad, Says McCullum', u'New Zealand expect a new-look England squad to match their aggressive style of cricket in the five-game one-day series, captain Brendon McCullum said on Monday. New Zealand expect a new-look England squad to match their aggressive style of cricket in the five-game one-day series, captain Brendon McCullum said on Monday. England Have Picked Exciting Squad, Says McCullum'), (u'Ferrari Make a Step Up Despite Canada Setbacks', u"Ferrari failed to finish on the Formula One podium for the first time this season in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix but still found positives in the performance. Ferrari failed to finish on the Formula One podium for the first time this season in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix but still found positives in the performance. Ferrari Make a Step Up Despite Canada Setbacks"), (u'Fight Schedule', u'June 12 June 12 Fight Schedule'), (u'Schooling Bags Two More Golds at SEA Games', u"Singaporean swimmer Joseph Schooling scooped up another two gold medals at the 28th Southeast Asian Games on Monday, taking him almost halfway to his goal of winning nine events at the region's biggest multi-sports events. Singaporean swimmer Joseph Schooling scooped up another two gold medals at the 28th Southeast Asian Games on Monday, taking him almost halfway to his goal of winning nine events at the region's biggest multi-sports events. Schooling Bags Two More Golds at SEA Games"), (u'McLaren See No Risk of Alonso Meltdown', u"McLaren are confident their relationship with Fernando Alonso is not about to go into meltdown after the Spaniard made his frustration evident in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix McLaren are confident their relationship with Fernando Alonso is not about to go into meltdown after the Spaniard made his frustration evident in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix  McLaren See No Risk of Alonso Meltdown"), (u'Trinidad Discusses Ex-FIFA Leader Warner', u'Trinidad and Tobago\u2019s justice minister said on Sunday that there was a presumption of innocence in the case involving the former FIFA vice president Jack Warner, but that it should go to trial. Trinidad and Tobago\u2019s justice minister said on Sunday that there was a presumption of innocence in the case involving the former FIFA vice president Jack Warner, but that it should go to trial. Trinidad Discusses Ex-FIFA Leader Warner'), (u"French Champ Wawrinka: Federer 'Always Really Happy' for Him", u"So here's how far Stan Wawrinka has come: Now that he is a two-time major champion, the guy ignores congratulatory phone calls from none other than Roger Federer. So here's how far Stan Wawrinka has come: Now that he is a two-time major champion, the guy ignores congratulatory phone calls from none other than Roger Federer. French Champ Wawrinka: Federer 'Always Really Happy' for Him"), (u'Germany Unhappy With Post-Season International Matches', u'World Cup winners Germany believe the June dates for internationals are far from convenient with domestic and European club competitions only just over and players eager for a break after a long season. World Cup winners Germany believe the June dates for internationals are far from convenient with domestic and European club competitions only just over and players eager for a break after a long season. Germany Unhappy With Post-Season International Matches'), (u'Pistorius to Be Released on Parole on Aug 21', u'South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will be released on parole on Aug. 21 after serving 10 months of a five-year sentence for culpable homicide of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, authorities said. South African athlete Oscar Pistorius will be released on parole on Aug. 21 after serving 10 months of a five-year sentence for culpable homicide of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, authorities said. Pistorius to Be Released on Parole on Aug 21'), (u'Bent Joins Derby After Leaving Villa', u"Aston Villa's record signing Darren Bent, released on a free transfer after four years, has signed for Derby County. Aston Villa's record signing Darren Bent, released on a free transfer after four years, has signed for Derby County.  Bent Joins Derby After Leaving Villa"), (u"It's Official-Germany Named 'Die Mannschaft'", u"Germany on Monday launched their new logo, including the use of term 'die Mannschaft', in an effort to increase international branding of the hugely popular World Cup winners. Germany on Monday launched their new logo, including the use of term 'die Mannschaft', in an effort to increase international branding of the hugely popular World Cup winners. It's Official-Germany Named 'Die Mannschaft'"), (u'Wawrinka Climbs to World Number Four, Nadal Down to 10', u'French Open champion Stan Wawrinka has moved up five places to number four in the official ATP world rankings released on Monday. French Open champion Stan Wawrinka has moved up five places to number four in the official ATP world rankings released on Monday. Wawrinka Climbs to World Number Four, Nadal Down to 10'), (u"'Amateur' Outburst Exposes Alonso's Frustration at McLaren", u"Fernando Alonso knew when he re-signed for McLaren that it would take time and a lot of hard work to get the British team back atop the Formula One standings. Fernando Alonso knew when he re-signed for McLaren that it would take time and a lot of hard work to get the British team back atop the Formula One standings. 'Amateur' Outburst Exposes Alonso's Frustration at McLaren"), (u'Palestine to Switch Home World Cup Qualifier to Saudi', u'Palestine have given up home advantage for Thursday\'s World Cup qualifier against Saudi Arabia after the oil-rich kingdom cited "exceptional conditions" for their inability to travel to the West Bank. Palestine have given up home advantage for Thursday\'s World Cup qualifier against Saudi Arabia after the oil-rich kingdom cited "exceptional conditions" for their inability to travel to the West Bank. Palestine to Switch Home World Cup Qualifier to Saudi'), (u"Neck Injury Casts Shadow on Vermeulen's World Cup Prospects", u"A neck injury jeopardises Duane Vermeulen's participation in the rest of the Super Rugby season and casts a shadow on his World Cup prospects with a visit to a neuro surgeon this week keenly awaited by officials and supporters. A neck injury jeopardises Duane Vermeulen's participation in the rest of the Super Rugby season and casts a shadow on his World Cup prospects with a visit to a neuro surgeon this week keenly awaited by officials and supporters. Neck Injury Casts Shadow on Vermeulen's World Cup Prospects"), (u'Luis Enrique Will Stay, Says Barcelona President', u'Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has insisted Luis Enrique will stay on next season despite the coach refusing to commit to the club after wrapping up a treble of titles on Saturday. Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu has insisted Luis Enrique will stay on next season despite the coach refusing to commit to the club after wrapping up a treble of titles on Saturday. Luis Enrique Will Stay, Says Barcelona President'), (u'Nadal 10th in Rankings; French Open Champ Wawrinka to No. 4', u"Nine-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal's loss in the quarterfinals dropped him three places to No. 10 in Monday's ATP rankings, his lowest spot since April 2005, while champion Stan Wawrinka rose from No. 9 to No. 4. Nine-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal's loss in the quarterfinals dropped him three places to No. 10 in Monday's ATP rankings, his lowest spot since April 2005, while champion Stan Wawrinka rose from No. 9 to No. 4. Nadal 10th in Rankings; French Open Champ Wawrinka to No. 4"), (u'Cavs Pushed to OT but Beat Warriors in Game Two', u'REUTERS - The Cleveland Cavaliers let an 11-point lead slip in the fourth quarter but dug deep in overtime to beat Golden State 95-93 on Sunday and square the NBA Finals series at 1-1. REUTERS - The Cleveland Cavaliers let an 11-point lead slip in the fourth quarter but dug deep in overtime to beat Golden State 95-93 on Sunday and square the NBA Finals series at 1-1.     Cavs Pushed to OT but Beat Warriors in Game Two'), (u'Liverpool Confirm Deal to Sign Ings', u'Liverpool have agreed a deal to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings, the Premier League club announced on Monday. Liverpool have agreed a deal to sign Burnley striker Danny Ings, the Premier League club announced on Monday. Liverpool Confirm Deal to Sign Ings'), (u"Wawrinka Bursts Big Four's Bubble With Backhand Bullets", u"Stan Wawrinka and his wondrous one-handed backhand managed to pull off a feat no man outside tennis's Big Four had achieved in the past 40 grand slams -- to win two major titles. Stan Wawrinka and his wondrous one-handed backhand managed to pull off a feat no man outside tennis's Big Four had achieved in the past 40 grand slams -- to win two major titles. Wawrinka Bursts Big Four's Bubble With Backhand Bullets"), (u'After Game 2 Win in NBA Finals, LeBron Looks Forward to Home', u"LeBron James is headed back home to Ohio. And if that seemed like a big deal last July, he can't wait to hear how it sounds in June. LeBron James is headed back home to Ohio. And if that seemed like a big deal last July, he can't wait to hear how it sounds in June. After Game 2 Win in NBA Finals, LeBron Looks Forward to Home"), (u'What We Learned About Stan Wawrinka, Others at French Open', u"Stan Wawrinka's French Open title brings back the old debate about who deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as the elite in men's tennis. Stan Wawrinka's French Open title brings back the old debate about who deserves to be mentioned in the same breath as the elite in men's tennis. What We Learned About Stan Wawrinka, Others at French Open"), (u"It's Here: US Gets World Cup Underway Against Australia", u"Heather O'Reilly guesses she was about 14 when the United States last won a World Cup. Heather O'Reilly guesses she was about 14 when the United States last won a World Cup. It's Here: US Gets World Cup Underway Against Australia"), (u'Trio of Hotshot Shortstops Could Lead Off Baseball Draft', u"Shortstop is the hot spot in this year's Major League Baseball draft. Shortstop is the hot spot in this year's Major League Baseball draft. Trio of Hotshot Shortstops Could Lead Off Baseball Draft"), (u'After Hiccup in Monaco, Mercedes F1 Success Resumes', u"Even as his team's strategic blunder cost him a chance at victory in Monaco, Lewis Hamilton knew that he had the fastest car. Even as his team's strategic blunder cost him a chance at victory in Monaco, Lewis Hamilton knew that he had the fastest car. After Hiccup in Monaco, Mercedes F1 Success Resumes"), (u'What to Watch For in Game 3 of Stanley Cup Final', u'The Stanley Cup Final is back in Chicago. And it brought along all sorts of questions. The Stanley Cup Final is back in Chicago. And it brought along all sorts of questions. What to Watch For in Game 3 of Stanley Cup Final'), (u"Lingmerth Doesn't Crack and Wins the Memorial", u"David Lingmerth stood over a short par putt on the third playoff hole at the Memorial and finally knew exactly what it meant. David Lingmerth stood over a short par putt on the third playoff hole at the Memorial and finally knew exactly what it meant. Lingmerth Doesn't Crack and Wins the Memorial"), (u'LEADING OFF: Diamondbacks Pick 1st in Draft, Astros Sliding', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: LEADING OFF: Diamondbacks Pick 1st in Draft, Astros Sliding"), (u'Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2', u'Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run during a three-run eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night. Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run during a three-run eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night. Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2'), (u'Bradley Wiggins Sets Hour Record', u'Bradley Wiggins, the former Tour de France winner, has broken cycling\u2019s prestigious hour record, covering 54.526 kilometers (33.88 miles) in an hour in London\u2019s Olympic Park. Bradley Wiggins, the former Tour de France winner, has broken cycling\u2019s prestigious hour record, covering 54.526 kilometers (33.88 miles) in an hour in London\u2019s Olympic Park. Bradley Wiggins Sets Hour Record'), (u'Report Details Hope Solo\u2019s Arrest', u'The United States women\u2019s team goalkeeper Hope Solo was combative with officers after her arrest last year on accusations that she assaulted her half sister and her teenage nephew, according to an ESPN report. The United States women\u2019s team goalkeeper Hope Solo was combative with officers after her arrest last year on accusations that she assaulted her half sister and her teenage nephew, according to an ESPN report. Authorities say United States women\u2019s soccer team goaltender Hope Solo was combative with police officers when she was arrested 2014 following altercation with her half sister and nephew. Report Details Hope Solo\u2019s Arrest'), (u'Yale&#8217;s Crew Tops Harvard', u"Yale\u2019s heavyweight crew team defeated Harvard in their 150th regatta, the nation\u2019s oldest collegiate sporting event. Yale\u2019s heavyweight crew team defeated Harvard in their 150th regatta, the nation\u2019s oldest collegiate sporting event. Yale's rowing team defeats Harvard by almost 17 seconds in 150th regatta. Yale&#8217;s Crew Tops Harvard"), (u'Mo Farah Withdraws in England', u'Mo Farah\u2019s absence because of doping allegations surrounding his coach overshadowed the action in the Diamond League in Birmingham, England. Mo Farah\u2019s absence because of doping allegations surrounding his coach overshadowed the action in the Diamond League in Birmingham, England. Jeneba Tarmoh wins 200 meters and Marvin Bracy wins 100 meters in Diamond League meet. Mo Farah Withdraws in England'), (u'Lewis Hamilton Wins in Canada', u'Lewis Hamilton won the Canadian Grand Prix, his fourth win of the year and his fourth at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal. Lewis Hamilton won the Canadian Grand Prix, his fourth win of the year and his fourth at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve in Montreal. Lewis Hamilton wins Canadian Grand Prix in Montreal; other auto racing news noted. Lewis Hamilton Wins in Canada'), (u'N.B.A. Finals: Matthew Dellavedova Shines in Cavaliers\u2019 Taut Win', u'Dellavedova made two free throws with 10.1 seconds left in overtime and harassed Stephen Curry all night as the Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors to tie the series at one game each. Dellavedova made two free throws with 10.1 seconds left in overtime and harassed Stephen Curry all night as the Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors to tie the series at one game each. Cleveland Cavaliers defeat Golden State Warriors, 95-93, in Game 2 of NBA finals; series is tied, 1-1. N.B.A. Finals: Matthew Dellavedova Shines in Cavaliers\u2019 Taut Win'), (u'Suzann Pettersen Earns 15th Title at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic', u'Suzann Pettersen of Norway birdied two of the final three holes to win the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic in Cambridge, Ontario. Suzann Pettersen of Norway birdied two of the final three holes to win the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic in Cambridge, Ontario. Suzann Pettersen wins Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario. Suzann Pettersen Earns 15th Title at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'), (u'Lucie Safarova Part of Doubles Title', u"Lucie Safarova made sure she left the French Open with at least one winner\u2019s trophy after she and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women\u2019s doubles title Sunday. Lucie Safarova made sure she left the French Open with at least one winner\u2019s trophy after she and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women\u2019s doubles title Sunday. Lucie Safarova and Bethanie Mattek-Sands defeat Casey Dellacqua and Yaroslava Shvedova to win women's double title at French Open tennis tournament. Lucie Safarova Part of Doubles Title"), (u'Sunday at the Women\u2019s World Cup', u"Germany beat Ivory Coast in a 10-0 rout, the second-most lopsided win in the history of the Women\u2019s World Cup, and Norway dominated Thailand, 4-0. Germany beat Ivory Coast in a 10-0 rout, the second-most lopsided win in the history of the Women\u2019s World Cup, and Norway dominated Thailand, 4-0. FIFA Women's World Cup scores, player and team news noted. Sunday at the Women\u2019s World Cup"), (u'Blue Jays Beat Astros With 9th-Inning Rally', u'Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a game-winning two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the visiting Houston Astros. Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a game-winning two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the visiting Houston Astros. MLB Roundup; Toronto Blue Jays defeat Houston Astros, 7-6; other MLB scores noted. Blue Jays Beat Astros With 9th-Inning Rally'), (u'Questions Begin at Third Draft Slot as Top Prospects Perform at Combine', u'The top draft-eligible hockey players in the world participated in a two-day series of tests, but the probable first and second choices appeared to go unchanged. The top draft-eligible hockey players in the world participated in a two-day series of tests, but the probable first and second choices appeared to go unchanged. NHL draft prospects Jack Eichel and Connor McDavid are probable first and second choices in upcoming draft. Questions Begin at Third Draft Slot as Top Prospects Perform at Combine'), (u'The 50th M.L.B. Draft Unfolds With a Surprise Factor', u'Unlike the N.B.A. and N.F.L. drafts, the first pick in baseball\u2019s version is largely a mystery because of a variety of factors. Unlike the N.B.A. and N.F.L. drafts, the first pick in baseball\u2019s version is largely a mystery because of a variety of factors. Keeping Score column; mystery still surrounds 2015 MLB draft, since there is no safe bet as to who Arizona Diamondbacks will take with No 1 pick. The 50th M.L.B. Draft Unfolds With a Surprise Factor'), (u'Cleveland, City of Champions (at Least in Indoor Soccer of the \u201990s)', u'Most fans point to the Browns\u2019 1964 N.F.L. championship as the city\u2019s last true crown, but the Cleveland Crunch, an indoor professional soccer team, won three league titles. Most fans point to the Browns\u2019 1964 N.F.L. championship as the city\u2019s last true crown, but the Cleveland Crunch, an indoor professional soccer team, won three league titles. Former Cleveland Crunch players reminisce about their soccer championships in 1990s as Cleveland Cavaliers vie for long-awaited NBA championship. Cleveland, City of Champions (at Least in Indoor Soccer of the \u201990s)'), (u'Testing the Mettle of a Team, and Its Star: Alex Morgan', u"Morgan, the United States\u2019 top forward, has not played a competitive game since sustaining a bone bruise in early April, and deciding whether to play her is a difficult puzzle for Coach Jill Ellis. Morgan, the United States\u2019 top forward, has not played a competitive game since sustaining a bone bruise in early April, and deciding whether to play her is a difficult puzzle for Coach Jill Ellis. Juliet Macur Sports of The Times column questions whether American soccer forward Alex Morgan, who has not played competitive game since sustaining bone bruise in April, is healthy enough for Women's World Cup play. Testing the Mettle of a Team, and Its Star: Alex Morgan"), (u'Henry Carr, Olympic Sprinter and a Football Giant, Dies at 73', u'Carr, a sprinter, captured two gold medals in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics before he became a defensive back for the New York Giants. Carr, a sprinter, captured two gold medals in the 1964 Tokyo Olympics before he became a defensive back for the New York Giants. Henry Carr, sprinter and Olympic gold medalist who later played football for New York Giants, dies at age 73. Henry Carr, Olympic Sprinter and a Football Giant, Dies at 73'), (u'After American Pharoah\u2019s Runaway, Pondering Whether to Quit While Ahead', u'American Pharoah\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat, said he and the trainer Bob Baffert \u201cowe it to the sport\u201d to keep racing the sport\u2019s new ambassador. American Pharoah\u2019s owner, Ahmed Zayat, said he and the trainer Bob Baffert \u201cowe it to the sport\u201d to keep racing the sport\u2019s new ambassador. Joe Drape On Horse Racing column notes that Ahmed Zayat, owner of Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown winner American Pharoah, plans to race the colt for at least rest of 2015. After American Pharoah\u2019s Runaway, Pondering Whether to Quit While Ahead'), (u'At Center of FIFA Scandal, a Divisive Politician in Jack Warner', u"Warner, a former FIFA official who is accused of racketeering, is a polarizing populist in Trinidad and Tobago whose life has come to resemble Shakespearean theater. Warner, a former FIFA official who is accused of racketeering, is a polarizing populist in Trinidad and Tobago whose life has come to resemble Shakespearean theater. Prime Min Kamla Pesad-Bissessar of Trinidad and Tobago publicly lashes out at former premier Jack Warner, polarizing populist who now stands accused of racketeering by United States during his tenure as vice president of FIFA, world soccer's governing body; accuses once close friend Warner of bringing potentially irreparable shame and scandal on the entire nation. At Center of FIFA Scandal, a Divisive Politician in Jack Warner"), (u'Lightning Owner Wants to Build to Last, in Tampa and on Ice', u"In five years, Jeff Vinik has turned the Tampa Bay Lightning around, but he is continuing to push with plans to develop the area round the team\u2019s arena. In five years, Jeff Vinik has turned the Tampa Bay Lightning around, but he is continuing to push with plans to develop the area round the team\u2019s arena. Jeff Vinik, owner of Tampa Bay Lightning, who are now fighting in Stanley Cup finals against Chicago Blackhawks, plans to develop 40 acres around team's home stadium--Amalie Arena. Lightning Owner Wants to Build to Last, in Tampa and on Ice"), (u'Passing Up Event at Home, David Lingmerth Wins the Memorial', u'Lingmerth earned his first PGA Tour win after opting not to participate in a European Tour event in his native Sweden. Lingmerth earned his first PGA Tour win after opting not to participate in a European Tour event in his native Sweden. David Lingmerth wins Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village Golf Club. Passing Up Event at Home, David Lingmerth Wins the Memorial'), (u'A Map for Tiger Woods: Jack Nicklaus\u2019s Late Career', u"As Nicklaus knows, professional golf does not become easier with age, and he suggested that Woods needed to tinker with his game on his own to remain at a high level. As Nicklaus knows, professional golf does not become easier with age, and he suggested that Woods needed to tinker with his game on his own to remain at a high level. Karen Crouse On Golf column notes that Tiger Woods posts career-worst score at Jack Nicklaus's Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio. A Map for Tiger Woods: Jack Nicklaus\u2019s Late Career"), (u'Mets\u2019 Bats Back Jacob deGrom in Win Over Diamondbacks', u'The often-punchless Mets hit four home runs, including two by Curtis Granderson, to help deGrom improve to 7-4. The often-punchless Mets hit four home runs, including two by Curtis Granderson, to help deGrom improve to 7-4. New York Mets defeat Arizona Diamondbacks, 6-3. Mets\u2019 Bats Back Jacob deGrom in Win Over Diamondbacks'), (u'Amid the Mud and Straw, Workers on the Backstretch Savor a Special Day', u'At a distance from the crowd and the pageantry, the rarely seen horse people at Belmont Park gathered to watch the historic run of American Pharoah on Saturday. At a distance from the crowd and the pageantry, the rarely seen horse people at Belmont Park gathered to watch the historic run of American Pharoah on Saturday. Workers at Belmont Stakes gather in backstretch for opportunity to watch American Pharoah make history and win first Triple Crown in 37 years. Amid the Mud and Straw, Workers on the Backstretch Savor a Special Day'), (u'Tempers Are Hot, but So Are the Yankees', u'The Yankees won their sixth straight as starter C. C. Sabathia lasted six innings against the Angels before being ejected. The Yankees won their sixth straight as starter C. C. Sabathia lasted six innings against the Angels before being ejected. New York Yankees defeat Los Angeles Angels, 6-2. Tempers Are Hot, but So Are the Yankees'), (u'French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Defeats Novak Djokovic for Title', u'Wawrinka\u2019s four-set victory was his second in a Grand Slam event and denied Djokovic a career slam. Wawrinka\u2019s four-set victory was his second in a Grand Slam event and denied Djokovic a career slam. Stan Wawrinka defeats Novak Djokovic in French Open tennis tournament semifinals. French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Defeats Novak Djokovic for Title'), (u'A Triumph of Racing, and Broadcasting, That Was Worth the Wait', u'NBC&#8217;s prerace broadcast seemed long, but in the end, the network&#8217;s Belmont Stakes coverage was worthy of a Triple Crown victory. NBC&#8217;s prerace broadcast seemed long, but in the end, the network&#8217;s Belmont Stakes coverage was worthy of a Triple Crown victory. Richard Sandomir Sports Business column observes NBC did good job of covering Belmont Stakes in which American Pharoah became first Triple Crown winner in 37 years. A Triumph of Racing, and Broadcasting, That Was Worth the Wait'), (u'Affirmed\u2019s Owner and Jockey Share in a Celebration, 37 Years After Their Own', u'Patrice Wolfson and Steve Cauthen, whose Triple Crown feat went unmatched for decades, expressed admiration for American Pharoah and his team. Patrice Wolfson and Steve Cauthen, whose Triple Crown feat went unmatched for decades, expressed admiration for American Pharoah and his team. William C Rhoden Sports of The Times column notes that Patrice Wolfson, whose horse Affirmed won last Triple Crown in 1978, and jockey Steve Cauthen express admiration for American Pharoah and his team. Affirmed\u2019s Owner and Jockey Share in a Celebration, 37 Years After Their Own'), (u'James Carries Cavs to OT Win Over Warriors, Evens NBA Finals', u"The final buzzer sounded, and LeBron James wasn't done. The final buzzer sounded, and LeBron James wasn't done. James Carries Cavs to OT Win Over Warriors, Evens NBA Finals"), (u"Curry's Shot Goes Missing for Warriors in Game 2 Loss", u"Cleveland wasn't the only team missing a crucial component in Game 2 of the NBA Finals. While Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving was back in Ohio recovering from knee surgery, the Golden State Warriors have no idea where Stephen Curry's shot went. Cleveland wasn't the only team missing a crucial component in Game 2 of the NBA Finals. While Cavaliers point guard Kyrie Irving was back in Ohio recovering from knee surgery, the Golden State Warriors have no idea where Stephen Curry's shot went. Curry's Shot Goes Missing for Warriors in Game 2 Loss"), (u"Boca Back to Winning Ways With Rout of Newell's Old Boys", u"Boca Juniors returned to winning ways with a crushing 4-0 home victory over Newell&#8217;s Old Boys in the Argentine championship on Sunday, though none of their fans were there to see it. Boca Juniors returned to winning ways with a crushing 4-0 home victory over Newell&#8217;s Old Boys in the Argentine championship on Sunday, though none of their fans were there to see it. Boca Back to Winning Ways With Rout of Newell's Old Boys"), (u'Astros Calling Up Top Prospect Carlos Correa', u'The Houston Astros are calling up top prospect Carlos Correa, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2012 draft. The Houston Astros are calling up top prospect Carlos Correa, the No. 1 overall pick in the 2012 draft. Astros Calling Up Top Prospect Carlos Correa'), (u'Team by Team Analysis of Canadian Grand Prix', u"Team by team analysis of Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix (listed in current championship order): Team by team analysis of Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix (listed in current championship order): Team by Team Analysis of Canadian Grand Prix"), (u'Golf Capsules', u"David Lingmerth didn't crack over the final two hours Sunday at the Memorial, outlasting Justin Rose with a par on the third playoff hole at Muirfield Village to win for the first time on the PGA Tour. David Lingmerth didn't crack over the final two hours Sunday at the Memorial, outlasting Justin Rose with a par on the third playoff hole at Muirfield Village to win for the first time on the PGA Tour. Golf Capsules"), (u'IMSA Says Injured Worker From Belle Isle Out of Hospital', u'The International Motorsports Association says it has been informed that a safety worker injured in a race May 30 at Belle Isle has been released from the hospital. The International Motorsports Association says it has been informed that a safety worker injured in a race May 30 at Belle Isle has been released from the hospital. IMSA Says Injured Worker From Belle Isle Out of Hospital'), (u"Argentina's Men, Colombian Women Win Olympic Berths", u"Argentina crushed Uruguay 45-0 on Sunday to secure their place in the men's rugby sevens competition at next year&#8217;s Rio Olympic Games. Argentina crushed Uruguay 45-0 on Sunday to secure their place in the men's rugby sevens competition at next year&#8217;s Rio Olympic Games. Argentina's Men, Colombian Women Win Olympic Berths"), (u'Tyler Aldridge Wins Inaugural Greater Dallas Open', u'Tyler Aldridge won the inaugural Greater Dallas Open on Sunday for his first Web.com Tour title, closing with a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory. Tyler Aldridge won the inaugural Greater Dallas Open on Sunday for his first Web.com Tour title, closing with a 4-under 68 for a two-stroke victory. Tyler Aldridge Wins Inaugural Greater Dallas Open'), (u"Alonso Vents Frustration With 'Amateur' Jibe", u"Fernando Alonso warned McLaren they were making him look like an amateur after another dismal afternoon at the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday. Fernando Alonso warned McLaren they were making him look like an amateur after another dismal afternoon at the Canadian Grand Prix on Sunday. Alonso Vents Frustration With 'Amateur' Jibe"), (u'Bottas Puts Williams Back on the Podium', u'Valtteri Bottas ended the Mercedes and Ferrari stranglehold on the Formula One podium and looked forward to more of the same after his third place for Williams in Canada on Sunday. Valtteri Bottas ended the Mercedes and Ferrari stranglehold on the Formula One podium and looked forward to more of the same after his third place for Williams in Canada on Sunday. Bottas Puts Williams Back on the Podium'), (u'Bryant Gets 3 Hits, Cubs Hand Nationals 8th Loss in 10 Games', u'Kris Bryant tripled, doubled, singled and scored twice as the Chicago Cubs sent the Washington Nationals to their eighth loss in 10 games, 6-3 Sunday. Kris Bryant tripled, doubled, singled and scored twice as the Chicago Cubs sent the Washington Nationals to their eighth loss in 10 games, 6-3 Sunday. Bryant Gets 3 Hits, Cubs Hand Nationals 8th Loss in 10 Games'), (u'Hechavarria Homers in 10th, Marlins Beat Rockies 3-2', u'Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two-out homer in the 10th inning, lifting the Miami Marlins to a 3-2 win over the Colorado Rockies on Sunday. Adeiny Hechavarria hit a two-out homer in the 10th inning, lifting the Miami Marlins to a 3-2 win over the Colorado Rockies on Sunday. Hechavarria Homers in 10th, Marlins Beat Rockies 3-2'), (u'Unheralded Lingmerth Wins Memorial in Playoff With Rose', u'Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, took down Justin Rose in a playoff to claim the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday. Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, took down Justin Rose in a playoff to claim the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday. Unheralded Lingmerth Wins Memorial in Playoff With Rose'), (u"Soccer-U.S. Face Australia as 'Group of Death' Comes to Life", u"The United States may be one the hot favorites to win the Women's World Cup but first the Americans will have to survive the 'Group of Death' which begins on Monday with a tricky test against Australia. The United States may be one the hot favorites to win the Women's World Cup but first the Americans will have to survive the 'Group of Death' which begins on Monday with a tricky test against Australia. Soccer-U.S. Face Australia as 'Group of Death' Comes to Life"), (u'The Latest: Cavs Even NBA Finals, Beat Warriors 95-93 in OT', u'The latest from Game 2 of the NBA Finals: The latest from Game 2 of the NBA Finals: The Latest: Cavs Even NBA Finals, Beat Warriors 95-93 in OT'), (u'Calcavecchia Wins Champions Tour Event in Iowa', u'Wearing bacon-themed pants and using a putter he bought from an Iowa sporting goods store, Mark Calcavecchia broke through for one of his most satisfying wins. Wearing bacon-themed pants and using a putter he bought from an Iowa sporting goods store, Mark Calcavecchia broke through for one of his most satisfying wins. Calcavecchia Wins Champions Tour Event in Iowa'), (u'Lingmerth Goes the Distance and More to Win Memorial', u'David Lingmerth kept telling himself it was his turn to win Sunday in the Memorial, even amid so many signs that suggested otherwise. David Lingmerth kept telling himself it was his turn to win Sunday in the Memorial, even amid so many signs that suggested otherwise. Lingmerth Goes the Distance and More to Win Memorial'), (u'Canada Comes Good for Hamilton', u'An assured pole-to-flag win, without safety cars or strategy blunders, was just what Lewis Hamilton needed in Canada on Sunday -- even if relief was too strong a word. An assured pole-to-flag win, without safety cars or strategy blunders, was just what Lewis Hamilton needed in Canada on Sunday -- even if relief was too strong a word. Canada Comes Good for Hamilton'), (u'Big Stars Held in Check So Far in Stanley Cup', u'One point. That is the combined total for Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Steven Stamkos through two games of the Stanley Cup Final. One point. That is the combined total for Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane and Steven Stamkos through two games of the Stanley Cup Final. Big Stars Held in Check So Far in Stanley Cup'), (u"Egypt Ex-Official Says FIFA's Warner Sought Money, Citing Influence in World Cup Selection", u"The former head of Egypt's football federation said on Sunday that ex-FIFA Vice President Jack Warner asked for $7 million from Egypt, suggesting it could help with Egypt's bid to host the 2010 World Cup. The former head of Egypt's football federation said on Sunday that ex-FIFA Vice President Jack Warner asked for $7 million from Egypt, suggesting it could help with Egypt's bid to host the 2010 World Cup.  Egypt Ex-Official Says FIFA's Warner Sought Money, Citing Influence in World Cup Selection"), (u'Brazil Extend Winning Run to Nine With Win Over Mexico', u'Brazil took their winning run under coach Dunga to nine on Sunday when first-half goals gave them a comfortable 2-0 win over Mexico in Sao Paulo. Brazil took their winning run under coach Dunga to nine on Sunday when first-half goals gave them a comfortable 2-0 win over Mexico in Sao Paulo. Brazil Extend Winning Run to Nine With Win Over Mexico'), (u'Pettersen Birdies 16 and 17 to Win Manulife LPGA Classic', u'Suzann Pettersen paid tribute to new coach Butch Harmon after winning the Manulife LPGA Classic by a stroke in Ontario on Sunday. Suzann Pettersen paid tribute to new coach Butch Harmon after winning the Manulife LPGA Classic by a stroke in Ontario on Sunday. Pettersen Birdies 16 and 17 to Win Manulife LPGA Classic'), (u'Home Run: Antron Brown Races to 50th NHRA Victory', u'Antron Brown raced to his 50th NHRA victory Sunday, beating Brittany Force in the Top Fuel final in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at his home track. Antron Brown raced to his 50th NHRA victory Sunday, beating Brittany Force in the Top Fuel final in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at his home track. Home Run: Antron Brown Races to 50th NHRA Victory'), (u'Sevilla Midfielder Vidal to Join Barcelona', u'- Sevilla midfielder Aleix Vidal will join treble winners Barcelona pending a medical for a reported 23 million euros (16.73 million pounds), the Catalan club said on Sunday. - Sevilla midfielder Aleix Vidal will join treble winners Barcelona pending a medical for a reported 23 million euros (16.73 million pounds), the Catalan club said on Sunday. Sevilla Midfielder Vidal to Join Barcelona'), (u'Rose, Lingmerth in Memorial Playoff', u'Unheralded Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, and world number six Justin Rose were headed to a sudden death playoff at the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday. Unheralded Swede David Lingmerth, ranked 212th in the world, and world number six Justin Rose were headed to a sudden death playoff at the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Sunday. Rose, Lingmerth in Memorial Playoff'), (u'Groundhog Day: Animal Wanders Onto Track at Canadian GP', u'A groundhog that scampered onto the track during the Canadian Grand Prix showed the quickness of a Formula One driver when it scurried to safety and avoided the oncoming racecars. A groundhog that scampered onto the track during the Canadian Grand Prix showed the quickness of a Formula One driver when it scurried to safety and avoided the oncoming racecars. Groundhog Day: Animal Wanders Onto Track at Canadian GP'), (u'Sasic, Mittag Both Net Three as Germany Rout Ivory Coast', u"Forwards Celia Sasic and Anja Mittag both scored hat tricks as Germany crushed Ivory Coast 10-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B football match on Sunday, notching the second biggest win in tournament history. Forwards Celia Sasic and Anja Mittag both scored hat tricks as Germany crushed Ivory Coast 10-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B football match on Sunday, notching the second biggest win in tournament history. Sasic, Mittag Both Net Three as Germany Rout Ivory Coast"), (u'Suzann Pettersen Wins Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic', u"Suzann Pettersen was pointing for the KPMG Women's PGA Championship, the major championship next week at Westchester Country Club outside New York City. Suzann Pettersen was pointing for the KPMG Women's PGA Championship, the major championship next week at Westchester Country Club outside New York City. Suzann Pettersen Wins Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic"), (u"Great Shots, Crazy Shorts -- Wawrinka's Roland Garros Legacy", u"Forget the breathtaking backhands, formidable forehands and astonishing aces that Stanislas Wawrinka produced during his magnificent run to the French Open title -- it was his bizarre red and white checked shorts that stole the limelight on Sunday. Forget the breathtaking backhands, formidable forehands and astonishing aces that Stanislas Wawrinka produced during his magnificent run to the French Open title -- it was his bizarre red and white checked shorts that stole the limelight on Sunday. Great Shots, Crazy Shorts -- Wawrinka's Roland Garros Legacy"), (u'Fellaini Nets Double as Belgium Humble France', u'Marouane Fellaini played chief tormentor as France suffered a 4-3 home defeat in a home friendly against Belgium on Sunday, one year before the European Championship kicks off on their turf. Marouane Fellaini played chief tormentor as France suffered a 4-3 home defeat in a home friendly against Belgium on Sunday, one year before the European Championship kicks off on their turf. Fellaini Nets Double as Belgium Humble France'), (u'Pelfrey Tosses 8 Strong Innings, Twins Blank Brewers 2-0', u'Mike Pelfrey pitched eight strong innings, his longest outing in three years, and the Minnesota Twins avoided a series sweep by beating the Milwaukee Brewers 2-0 on Sunday. Mike Pelfrey pitched eight strong innings, his longest outing in three years, and the Minnesota Twins avoided a series sweep by beating the Milwaukee Brewers 2-0 on Sunday. Pelfrey Tosses 8 Strong Innings, Twins Blank Brewers 2-0'), (u'Homers by Cespedes, Martinez Lead Tigers Past White Sox 6-4', u'Yoenis Cespedes and J.D. Martinez homered in the sixth inning to power the Detroit Tigers past the Chicago White Sox 6-4 on Sunday. Yoenis Cespedes and J.D. Martinez homered in the sixth inning to power the Detroit Tigers past the Chicago White Sox 6-4 on Sunday. Homers by Cespedes, Martinez Lead Tigers Past White Sox 6-4'), (u'Perez Hits Tiebreaking HR in 8th, Royals Beat Rangers', u'Salvador Perez hit a solo home run with two outs in the eighth inning, lifting the Kansas City Royals over the Texas Rangers 4-3. Salvador Perez hit a solo home run with two outs in the eighth inning, lifting the Kansas City Royals over the Texas Rangers 4-3. Perez Hits Tiebreaking HR in 8th, Royals Beat Rangers'), (u"Wieters Homers, Norris Wins in Return as O's Top Indians 7-3", u"Matt Wieters hit his first home run in more than a year and Bud Norris won in his return from the disabled list as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 7-3 Sunday. Matt Wieters hit his first home run in more than a year and Bud Norris won in his return from the disabled list as the Baltimore Orioles beat the Cleveland Indians 7-3 Sunday. Wieters Homers, Norris Wins in Return as O's Top Indians 7-3"), (u'Red Sox Rally for 7 Runs in 8th, Sweep Athletics 7-4', u'Rusney Castillo hit a solo homer and an RBI single during a seven-run rally in the eighth inning that sent the Boston Red Sox over the Oakland Athletics 7-4 Sunday for a three-game sweep. Rusney Castillo hit a solo homer and an RBI single during a seven-run rally in the eighth inning that sent the Boston Red Sox over the Oakland Athletics 7-4 Sunday for a three-game sweep. Red Sox Rally for 7 Runs in 8th, Sweep Athletics 7-4'), (u'Francoeur Lifts Phillies to 6-4 Win Over Giants', u'Pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur drove in two runs with a two-out double in the seventh inning to help the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 6-4 on Sunday and stave off a series sweep. Pinch-hitter Jeff Francoeur drove in two runs with a two-out double in the seventh inning to help the Philadelphia Phillies beat the San Francisco Giants 6-4 on Sunday and stave off a series sweep. Francoeur Lifts Phillies to 6-4 Win Over Giants'), (u'Diamondbacks Weighing Options for Top Pick in Draft', u"The Arizona Diamondbacks have the first pick in the draft after finishing with baseball's worst record last season. The Arizona Diamondbacks have the first pick in the draft after finishing with baseball's worst record last season. Diamondbacks Weighing Options for Top Pick in Draft"), (u'Truex Breaks Through at Pocono for 1st Win Since 2013', u"Martin Truex Jr. slapped the top of his No. 78 Chevrolet, thrust his right fist toward the sky and bounded straight into his girlfriend's arms. Martin Truex Jr. slapped the top of his No. 78 Chevrolet, thrust his right fist toward the sky and bounded straight into his girlfriend's arms. Truex Breaks Through at Pocono for 1st Win Since 2013"), (u'Colabello Extends Streak, Rallies Blue Jays Past Astros 7-6', u'Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7-6 on Sunday for their fifth straight win. Chris Colabello extended his hitting streak with a two-run single that capped a ninth-inning rally, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat the Houston Astros 7-6 on Sunday for their fifth straight win. Colabello Extends Streak, Rallies Blue Jays Past Astros 7-6'), (u'Cole Throws 7 Scoreless Innings to Win 4th Straight Start', u'Gerrit Cole pitched seven scoreless innings to win his fourth straight start, Starling Marte had a two-run single in the three-run fifth inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0 on Sunday. Gerrit Cole pitched seven scoreless innings to win his fourth straight start, Starling Marte had a two-run single in the three-run fifth inning and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the Atlanta Braves 3-0 on Sunday. Cole Throws 7 Scoreless Innings to Win 4th Straight Start'), (u'Triple Crown Winner American Pharoah Gets Deserved Rest', u'Less than 24 hours after joining the exclusive Triple Crown club, Belmont Stakes champion American Pharoah appeared ready for the next challenge. Less than 24 hours after joining the exclusive Triple Crown club, Belmont Stakes champion American Pharoah appeared ready for the next challenge. Triple Crown Winner American Pharoah Gets Deserved Rest'), (u'Madeleine Sheils Wins First Symetra Tour Title', u'Madeleine Sheils won the FireKeepers Casino Hotel Championship by two strokes Sunday for her first Symetra Tour title. Madeleine Sheils won the FireKeepers Casino Hotel Championship by two strokes Sunday for her first Symetra Tour title. Madeleine Sheils Wins First Symetra Tour Title'), (u'South American Soccer HQ Could Face Raids if New Law Passes', u"Lawmakers across Paraguay's political divide are urging senators to approve stripping the headquarters of South American football of its legal immunity, a status that spotlights how soccer's global governing body FIFA has often been able to skirt... Lawmakers across Paraguay's political divide are urging senators to approve stripping the headquarters of South American football of its legal immunity, a status that spotlights how soccer's global governing body FIFA has often been able to skirt legally around national laws. South American Soccer HQ Could Face Raids if New Law Passes"), (u'Dixon Dominates Texas Race That Should Ease IndyCar Angst', u'Scott Dixon certainly knows how to get to Victory Lane, even if he prefers staying out of the spotlight. Scott Dixon certainly knows how to get to Victory Lane, even if he prefers staying out of the spotlight. Dixon Dominates Texas Race That Should Ease IndyCar Angst'), (u'Injured Iniesta to Miss Spain&#8217;s Euro Qualifier With Belarus', u'Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta will miss Spain&#8217;s Euro 2016 qualifier in Belarus due to injury, it has been confirmed on the national team&#8217;s website on Sunday. Barcelona midfielder Andres Iniesta will miss Spain&#8217;s Euro 2016 qualifier in Belarus due to injury, it has been confirmed on the national team&#8217;s website on Sunday.   Injured Iniesta to Miss Spain&#8217;s Euro Qualifier With Belarus'), (u'Hamilton Savors Canada Win After Monaco Blow', u'Lewis Hamilton put Monaco misery behind him on Sunday with a controlled Canadian Grand Prix victory that sent the Formula One world champion 17 points clear of Mercedes team mate and title rival Nico Rosberg. Lewis Hamilton put Monaco misery behind him on Sunday with a controlled Canadian Grand Prix victory that sent the Formula One world champion 17 points clear of Mercedes team mate and title rival Nico Rosberg. Hamilton Savors Canada Win After Monaco Blow'), (u'Bruce Hits 2 HRs, Leads Cueto, Reds Over Padres 4-0', u'Jay Bruce homered twice to drive in all four runs and Johnny Cueto earned his first win in almost a month, leading the Cincinnati Reds over the San Diego Padres 4-0 Sunday. Jay Bruce homered twice to drive in all four runs and Johnny Cueto earned his first win in almost a month, leading the Cincinnati Reds over the San Diego Padres 4-0 Sunday. Bruce Hits 2 HRs, Leads Cueto, Reds Over Padres 4-0'), (u'Sabathia Sharp Before Ejection; Yankees Sweep Angels, 6-2', u'CC Sabathia pitched six sharp innings before being ejected for arguing balls and strikes, Brett Gardner hit a tiebreaking, three-run homer Sunday and the New York Yankees won their season-high sixth straight game, 6-2 over the Los Angeles Angels. CC Sabathia pitched six sharp innings before being ejected for arguing balls and strikes, Brett Gardner hit a tiebreaking, three-run homer Sunday and the New York Yankees won their season-high sixth straight game, 6-2 over the Los Angeles Angels. Sabathia Sharp Before Ejection; Yankees Sweep Angels, 6-2'), (u'Lewis Hamilton Wins Canadian Grand Prix', u'Lewis Hamilton quickly put his Monaco pit stop blunder &#8212; and everyone else in the Formula One field &#8212; behind him. Lewis Hamilton quickly put his Monaco pit stop blunder &#8212; and everyone else in the Formula One field &#8212; behind him. Lewis Hamilton Wins Canadian Grand Prix'), (u"Powerful Norway Thump Thailand 4-0 in Women's World Cup", u"The Norwegian women's football team, seeking to revive a more glorious era, brushed aside debutants Thailand 4-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B match on Sunday and could easily have scored more. The Norwegian women's football team, seeking to revive a more glorious era, brushed aside debutants Thailand 4-0 in their opening Women's World Cup Group B match on Sunday and could easily have scored more. Powerful Norway Thump Thailand 4-0 in Women's World Cup"), (u"Gijon Snatch Dramatic Promotion to Spain's La Liga", u"- A 3-0 victory for Sporting Gijon at champions Real Betis saw them seen them snatch promotion to La Liga on a dramatic final day of the season on Sunday as Girona conceded a goal in injury time to draw 1-1 at home to Lugo and miss out. - A 3-0 victory for Sporting Gijon at champions Real Betis saw them seen them snatch promotion to La Liga on a dramatic final day of the season on Sunday as Girona conceded a goal in injury time to draw 1-1 at home to Lugo and miss out. Gijon Snatch Dramatic Promotion to Spain's La Liga"), (u'IOC Suspends Recognition of SportAccord', u'The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Sunday suspended its recognition of SportAccord, whose president Marius Vizer resigned last month after sparking a row over the control of international sports federations. The International Olympic Committee (IOC) on Sunday suspended its recognition of SportAccord, whose president Marius Vizer resigned last month after sparking a row over the control of international sports federations. IOC Suspends Recognition of SportAccord'), (u'Wiggins Smashes UCI World Hour Record', u'Briton Bradley Wiggins added the UCI world hour record to his extensive cycling career honors tally on Sunday when he covered 54.526km in the London Olympic velodrome to smash the mark set by fellow Briton Alex Dowsett last month. Briton Bradley Wiggins added the UCI world hour record to his extensive cycling career honors tally on Sunday when he covered 54.526km in the London Olympic velodrome to smash the mark set by fellow Briton Alex Dowsett last month. Wiggins Smashes UCI World Hour Record'), (u'Djokovic Falls at Paris Final Hurdle Again', u"Ending Rafa Nadal's Roland Garros reign was not enough for Novak Djokovic to win the French Open as the world number one suffered his third defeat in the final of the claycourt grand slam on Sunday. Ending Rafa Nadal's Roland Garros reign was not enough for Novak Djokovic to win the French Open as the world number one suffered his third defeat in the final of the claycourt grand slam on Sunday. Djokovic Falls at Paris Final Hurdle Again"), (u'John Derr, Longtime Golf Journalist, Dies at 97', u'John Derr, who reported from the Masters a record 62 times and broadcast from the 15th green when it first was on television, died of an apparent heart attack, his daughter said Sunday. He was 97. John Derr, who reported from the Masters a record 62 times and broadcast from the 15th green when it first was on television, died of an apparent heart attack, his daughter said Sunday. He was 97. John Derr, Longtime Golf Journalist, Dies at 97'), (u'Leroux Prepared for Stormy World Cup Reception in Canada', u"Sydney Leroux, the Canadian-born striker on the U.S. national soccer team, has been jeered in her native country before but  vows not to let that distract her at the Women's World Cup. Sydney Leroux, the Canadian-born striker on the U.S. national soccer team, has been jeered in her native country before but  vows not to let that distract her at the Women's World Cup. Leroux Prepared for Stormy World Cup Reception in Canada"), (u'Factbox: French Open Final Statistics', u'Statistics for the French Open final between Swiss eighth seed Stan Wawrinka and top seed Novak Djokovic of Serbia on Sunday: Statistics for the French Open final between Swiss eighth seed Stan Wawrinka and top seed Novak Djokovic of Serbia on Sunday: Factbox: French Open Final Statistics'), (u'Kentucky Begins Party Planning for New Racing King', u'Police escorts guided American Pharoah and his entourage back home to Churchill Downs on Sunday, hours after his stunningly smooth run into Triple Crown history. Police escorts guided American Pharoah and his entourage back home to Churchill Downs on Sunday, hours after his stunningly smooth run into Triple Crown history. Kentucky Begins Party Planning for New Racing King'), (u'Factbox: French Open Champion Stanislas Wawrinka', u"Factbox on Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka after he beat Novak Djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 to win his first French Open title on Sunday: Factbox on Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka after he beat Novak Djokovic 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-4 to win his first French Open title on Sunday: Factbox: French Open Champion Stanislas Wawrinka"), (u'Olympic Champion Felix Beaten on a Photo Finish in Birmingham', u'American Jeneba Tarmoh defeated compatriot and Olympic champion Allyson Felix by the narrowest of margins on Sunday after both athletes clocked the same time over 200metres at the Birmingham Diamond League meeting. American Jeneba Tarmoh defeated compatriot and Olympic champion Allyson Felix by the narrowest of margins on Sunday after both athletes clocked the same time over 200metres at the Birmingham Diamond League meeting.      Olympic Champion Felix Beaten on a Photo Finish in Birmingham'), (u'Walsh Was Not Offered F1 Role, Says Ecclestone', u'Former Diageo boss Paul Walsh has not joined the Formula One Group as a non-executive director despite the appointment being announced last year, Bernie Ecclestone said on Sunday. Former Diageo boss Paul Walsh has not joined the Formula One Group as a non-executive director despite the appointment being announced last year, Bernie Ecclestone said on Sunday. Walsh Was Not Offered F1 Role, Says Ecclestone'), (u"Sweden's Alexander Noren Wins Nordea Masters by 4 Shots", u"Alexander Noren clinched his second Nordea Masters title on Sunday, shooting a 1-under 71 to finish four shots ahead of last week's Irish Open winner Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark. Alexander Noren clinched his second Nordea Masters title on Sunday, shooting a 1-under 71 to finish four shots ahead of last week's Irish Open winner Soren Kjeldsen of Denmark. Sweden's Alexander Noren Wins Nordea Masters by 4 Shots"), (u"Triumphant Wawrinka Dashes Djokovic's Paris Dream", u"As his blazing backhand skidded off from inside the baseline, Stanislas Wawrinka sent his racket rocketing skywards after dashing Novak Djokovic's French Open dreams with a victory barely anyone expected on Sunday. As his blazing backhand skidded off from inside the baseline, Stanislas Wawrinka sent his racket rocketing skywards after dashing Novak Djokovic's French Open dreams with a victory barely anyone expected on Sunday.  Triumphant Wawrinka Dashes Djokovic's Paris Dream"), (u'Loss to Wawrinka in French Final Denies Djokovic Career Slam', u"Moments before his third French Open final in four years, Novak Djokovic jogged in a stadium hallway near a poster of the Coupe des Mousquetaires, the silver trophy awarded to the men's champion at the only major tournament he has never won. Moments before his third French Open final in four years, Novak Djokovic jogged in a stadium hallway near a poster of the Coupe des Mousquetaires, the silver trophy awarded to the men's champion at the only major tournament he has never won. Loss to Wawrinka in French Final Denies Djokovic Career Slam"), (u'Williams Says No. 20 Was About as Tough as Any of Her Majors', u'When someone has won as many significant matches and titles as Serena Williams &#8212; her Grand Slam trophy count now stands at 20 &#8212; it can be hard to decide how to sort them by degree of difficulty or order of importance. When someone has won as many significant matches and titles as Serena Williams &#8212; her Grand Slam trophy count now stands at 20 &#8212; it can be hard to decide how to sort them by degree of difficulty or order of importance. Williams Says No. 20 Was About as Tough as Any of Her Majors'), (u"NASCAR CEO Wants 'More Communication' With Drivers' Council", u"NASCAR CEO Brian France said the new drivers' council is just one more way to listen to feedback that could help improve the sport. NASCAR CEO Brian France said the new drivers' council is just one more way to listen to feedback that could help improve the sport. NASCAR CEO Wants 'More Communication' With Drivers' Council"), (u'Tiger Still Bad, but Better', u'It was far from vintage Tiger Woods but at least the 14-times major champion rebounded on Sunday at the Memorial Tournament to beat his third round score by 11 shots.    A day after posting a career-worst 13-over 85 at Muirfield Village, Woods... It was far from vintage Tiger Woods but at least the 14-times major champion rebounded on Sunday at the Memorial Tournament to beat his third round score by 11 shots.    A day after posting a career-worst 13-over 85 at Muirfield Village, Woods scratched out a two-over 74, showing glimpses of good form but once again countering it with plenty of bad.     Tiger Still Bad, but Better'), (u'Tiger Woods Humbled, but Not in Panic, Over His 85', u'One day after the worst score of his career, Tiger Woods played the final round of the Memorial just like it was any other Sunday. One day after the worst score of his career, Tiger Woods played the final round of the Memorial just like it was any other Sunday. Tiger Woods Humbled, but Not in Panic, Over His 85'), (u'Swede Noren Seals Scandinavian Masters Title', u"Sweden's Alex Noren won the Scandinavian Masters by four shots in Malmo after shooting a final round of 71 on Sunday. Sweden's Alex Noren won the Scandinavian Masters by four shots in Malmo after shooting a final round of 71 on Sunday. Swede Noren Seals Scandinavian Masters Title"), (u'Triple Crown Win Draws Big TV Rating, but Not Biggest', u"American Pharoah's historic Triple Crown win drew the third-best preliminary television rating for the Belmont Stakes since that started being measured in 1988. American Pharoah's historic Triple Crown win drew the third-best preliminary television rating for the Belmont Stakes since that started being measured in 1988. Triple Crown Win Draws Big TV Rating, but Not Biggest"), (u'Disappointed Juve Still Have Bright Future, Says Morata', u"Juventus's disappointment after losing 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League final was plain to see but once the dust settles on one of the great European showpiece matches there will be lots of positives to reflect on. Juventus's disappointment after losing 3-1 to Barcelona in the Champions League final was plain to see but once the dust settles on one of the great European showpiece matches there will be lots of positives to reflect on. Disappointed Juve Still Have Bright Future, Says Morata"), (u"Barca Complain to UEFA Over Fans' Treatment", u"- Barcelona have complained to UEFA over delays and poor facilities provided by German authorities for fans flying back to Spain in the early hours of Sunday morning after the Champions League final. - Barcelona have complained to UEFA over delays and poor facilities provided by German authorities for fans flying back to Spain in the early hours of Sunday morning after the Champions League final. Barca Complain to UEFA Over Fans' Treatment"), (u'Drive Through Penalty for Button', u"McLaren's Jenson Button, already starting last in Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix after missing qualifying, collected an additional drive through penalty after the team changed parts of his Honda power unit. McLaren's Jenson Button, already starting last in Sunday's Canadian Formula One Grand Prix after missing qualifying, collected an additional drive through penalty after the team changed parts of his Honda power unit. Drive Through Penalty for Button"), (u'England Must Play With No Fear, Says Buttler', u'England must put their dismal World Cup campaign behind them and play with "freedom and no fear of failure" when they take on New Zealand in a five-match one-day series this month, wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler said on Sunday.4 England must put their dismal World Cup campaign behind them and play with "freedom and no fear of failure" when they take on New Zealand in a five-match one-day series this month, wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler said on Sunday.4 England Must Play With No Fear, Says Buttler'), (u'England Extend Run With Drab 0-0 Draw in Dublin', u'Toothless England extended their unbeaten run to 10 games with a tame 0-0 friendly draw against Ireland on Sunday but their fans were praised for respectful behaviour two decades after the last Dublin game between the teams ended in a riot. Toothless England extended their unbeaten run to 10 games with a tame 0-0 friendly draw against Ireland on Sunday but their fans were praised for respectful behaviour two decades after the last Dublin game between the teams ended in a riot.  England Extend Run With Drab 0-0 Draw in Dublin'), (u'Safarova Teams Up With Mattek-Sands to Win Doubles', u"Lucie Safarova made sure she left Roland Garros with at least one winner's trophy after the Czech left-hander and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women's doubles title on Sunday. Lucie Safarova made sure she left Roland Garros with at least one winner's trophy after the Czech left-hander and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the women's doubles title on Sunday. Safarova Teams Up With Mattek-Sands to Win Doubles"), (u'French Open Crowds Must Be Educated', u'The French Open crowds must be educated in order to avoid a repeat of the boos directed at Swiss Stan Wawrinka when he played against home players, the tournament director said on Sunday. The French Open crowds must be educated in order to avoid a repeat of the boos directed at Swiss Stan Wawrinka when he played against home players, the tournament director said on Sunday. French Open Crowds Must Be Educated'), (u'Formula One Performs U-Turn on Refuelling Plan', u'Formula One is set to ditch a proposal to bring back in-race refuelling in 2017 after the technical feedback was unanimously against the move, according to Mercedes motorsport head Toto Wolff. Formula One is set to ditch a proposal to bring back in-race refuelling in 2017 after the technical feedback was unanimously against the move, according to Mercedes motorsport head Toto Wolff. Formula One Performs U-Turn on Refuelling Plan'), (u'Russia, Qatar Might Lose Their World Cups: Paper', u"Russia and Qatar could be stripped of their World Cup hosting rights if evidence emerges of bribery in the bidding process, Domenico Scala, the independent chairman of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, told a Swiss newspaper. Russia and Qatar could be stripped of their World Cup hosting rights if evidence emerges of bribery in the bidding process, Domenico Scala, the independent chairman of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, told a Swiss newspaper. Russia, Qatar Might Lose Their World Cups: Paper"), (u'The Latest: Wawrinka Jokes About His Shorts at French Open', u'The latest from the final day of the French Open: The latest from the final day of the French Open: The Latest: Wawrinka Jokes About His Shorts at French Open'), (u'Football Is Only About Winning, Says Mourinho', u'Jose Mourinho believes football is only about winning and that managers who favour a possession-dominated beautiful game and neglect steely defence and lethal counter-attacking are "stupid". Jose Mourinho believes football is only about winning and that managers who favour a possession-dominated beautiful game and neglect steely defence and lethal counter-attacking are "stupid". Football Is Only About Winning, Says Mourinho'), (u'Fencing-Russian Sharikov Dies in Car Accident', u"Russia's double Olympic fencing champion Sergei Sharikov has died in a car accident, the Russian Olympic Committee said on its website (www.olympic.ru) on Sunday. Russia's double Olympic fencing champion Sergei Sharikov has died in a car accident, the Russian Olympic Committee said on its website (www.olympic.ru) on Sunday. Fencing-Russian Sharikov Dies in Car Accident"), (u'Germany, Brazil March On as Proud Fiji Bow Out', u"Germany and Brazil picked up their third consecutive group wins on Sunday to march into the knockout stages of the under-20 World Cup while Fiji's fairytale journey in the tournament ended with a 3-0 loss to Uzbekistan. Germany and Brazil picked up their third consecutive group wins on Sunday to march into the knockout stages of the under-20 World Cup while Fiji's fairytale journey in the tournament ended with a 3-0 loss to Uzbekistan. Germany, Brazil March On as Proud Fiji Bow Out"), (u"Barca's New Direct Play Does the Trick in Second Treble", u"Winning goals from Luis Suarez and Neymar on the counter-attack to sink Juventus in the Champions League final encapsulated the new direct play from Barcelona that saw them become the first European side to win the treble for the second time. Winning goals from Luis Suarez and Neymar on the counter-attack to sink Juventus in the Champions League final encapsulated the new direct play from Barcelona that saw them become the first European side to win the treble for the second time. Barca's New Direct Play Does the Trick in Second Treble"), (u'Guam Find Their Voice Ahead of First Home World Cup Qualifier', u'In tiny Guam, a United States territory of less than 200,000 inhabitants in the North Pacific Ocean, a nation are finding their voice ahead of their first ever home World Cup qualifier on Thursday. In tiny Guam, a United States territory of less than 200,000 inhabitants in the North Pacific Ocean, a nation are finding their voice ahead of their first ever home World Cup qualifier on Thursday. Guam Find Their Voice Ahead of First Home World Cup Qualifier'), (u'More Problems for Floorball as Venue Switched', u'Floorball\'s Southeast Asian Games debut suffered another hiccup on Sunday when organisers were forced to switch venues because of "technical issues". Floorball\'s Southeast Asian Games debut suffered another hiccup on Sunday when organisers were forced to switch venues because of "technical issues". More Problems for Floorball as Venue Switched'), (u'Farah Withdraws From Birmingham Diamond League Meeting', u"Double Olympic champion Mo Farah has withdrawn from Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Birmingham a day after expressing anger over the allegations made about coach Alberto Salazar. Double Olympic champion Mo Farah has withdrawn from Sunday's Diamond League meeting in Birmingham a day after expressing anger over the allegations made about coach Alberto Salazar. Farah Withdraws From Birmingham Diamond League Meeting"), (u'BBC Says It Has Seen Documents Detailing Warner Transactions', u"The British Broadcasting Corp claims to have seen evidence detailing what happened to the $10 million soccer's world governing body FIFA sent to former vice-president Jack Warner. The British Broadcasting Corp claims to have seen evidence detailing what happened to the $10 million soccer's world governing body FIFA sent to former vice-president Jack Warner. BBC Says It Has Seen Documents Detailing Warner Transactions"), (u'Scenes From Belmont Park', u'American Pharoah became the first horse since 1978 to sweep the Triple Crown. American Pharoah became the first horse since 1978 to sweep the Triple Crown. Scenes From Belmont Park'), (u'American Pharoah Shows Winning Triple Crown Is Possible', u"American Pharoah proved it's not impossible to win the Triple Crown. American Pharoah proved it's not impossible to win the Triple Crown. American Pharoah Shows Winning Triple Crown Is Possible"), (u'Lightning Confident in Both Goalies as Final Goes to Chicago', u'Whether Ben Bishop or Andrei Vasilevskiy is in net for the Lightning when the Stanley Cup Final continues in Chicago, their Tampa Bay teammates are confident they can chase a championship in front of either goalie. Whether Ben Bishop or Andrei Vasilevskiy is in net for the Lightning when the Stanley Cup Final continues in Chicago, their Tampa Bay teammates are confident they can chase a championship in front of either goalie. Lightning Confident in Both Goalies as Final Goes to Chicago'), (u"In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground", u"Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane. Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane. In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground"), (u'Feilhaber Penalty Ends Sporting KC Drought Against Sounders', u'Benny Feilhaber converted a spot kick in the 84th minute and Sporting Kansas City earned a 1-0 triumph for their first regular season win over the Seattle Sounders since 2009.&#160; Benny Feilhaber converted a spot kick in the 84th minute and Sporting Kansas City earned a 1-0 triumph for their first regular season win over the Seattle Sounders since 2009.&#160; Feilhaber Penalty Ends Sporting KC Drought Against Sounders'), (u"Lightning Silent on Goaltender Bishop's Replacement", u"June 6 (Reuters) &#8211; - The Tampa Bay Lightning celebrated a series-tying victory over the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday but were tight-lipped about the fitness of Ben Bishop after the starting goaltender was replaced. June 6 (Reuters) &#8211; - The Tampa Bay Lightning celebrated a series-tying victory over the Chicago Blackhawks on Saturday but were tight-lipped about the fitness of Ben Bishop after the starting goaltender was replaced. Lightning Silent on Goaltender Bishop's Replacement"), (u'Dravid to Shape Next Generation of Indian Cricketers', u"Rahul Dravid has been entrusted with shaping the future of Indian cricket and agreed in principle to coach the country's under-19 and A teams. Rahul Dravid has been entrusted with shaping the future of Indian cricket and agreed in principle to coach the country's under-19 and A teams. Dravid to Shape Next Generation of Indian Cricketers"), (u"Things Learned From Barcelona's Champions League Win", u"Looking ahead to next year's Champions League final: Can the newly crowned champion, Barcelona, defend the European title it won so spectacularly against Juventus? Looking ahead to next year's Champions League final: Can the newly crowned champion, Barcelona, defend the European title it won so spectacularly against Juventus? Things Learned From Barcelona's Champions League Win"), (u'Mets Back deGrom With 4 Homers in 6-3 Win Over Diamondbacks', u"Curtis Granderson hit two of New York's three leadoff homers, Jacob deGrom struck out 10 in seven effective innings and the Mets bashed their way past the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-3 Sunday. Curtis Granderson hit two of New York's three leadoff homers, Jacob deGrom struck out 10 in seven effective innings and the Mets bashed their way past the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-3 Sunday. Mets Back deGrom With 4 Homers in 6-3 Win Over Diamondbacks"), (u"Jackson's Homer Snaps Mariners' 7-Game Skid, 2-1 Over Rays", u"Runs have been hard to come by for the Seattle Mariners during a seven-game losing streak, but Austin Jackson gave them just enough. Runs have been hard to come by for the Seattle Mariners during a seven-game losing streak, but Austin Jackson gave them just enough. Jackson's Homer Snaps Mariners' 7-Game Skid, 2-1 Over Rays"), (u'Europeans Make World Cup Arrivals With Thrashings', u"Top-ranked Germany announced their arrival at the Women's World Cup on Sunday by handing out a near-record 10-0 thrashing to Ivory Coast that underlined the gulf between the heavyweights and emerging teams. Top-ranked Germany announced their arrival at the Women's World Cup on Sunday by handing out a near-record 10-0 thrashing to Ivory Coast that underlined the gulf between the heavyweights and emerging teams. Europeans Make World Cup Arrivals With Thrashings"), (u'Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2', u'Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night. Jhonny Peralta homered and singled home the go-ahead run in the eighth inning, leading the St. Louis Cardinals to a 4-2 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on Sunday night. Cards Rally With 3 Runs in 8th to Beat Dodgers 4-2'), (u'Famed Indonesian Club Persipura Disband Because of Row', u"Four-times Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura, one of the country's most famed clubs, has disbanded with owners blaming the government for the FIFA ban that has halted the sport in one of Asia's biggest markets. Four-times Indonesian champions Persipura Jayapura, one of the country's most famed clubs, has disbanded with owners blaming the government for the FIFA ban that has halted the sport in one of Asia's biggest markets. Famed Indonesian Club Persipura Disband Because of Row"), (u'Netherlands Edge New Zealand in World Cup Debut', u"The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage. The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage. Netherlands Edge New Zealand in World Cup Debut"), (u'Blake Relieved After Safe Return in 200 Meters', u"Olympic gold medalist Yohan Blake was relieved after making a safe return from injury with a 200 meters win in Kingston on Saturday at a warmup for Jamaica's national trials. Olympic gold medalist Yohan Blake was relieved after making a safe return from injury with a 200 meters win in Kingston on Saturday at a warmup for Jamaica's national trials.  Blake Relieved After Safe Return in 200 Meters"), (u'Lightning Hit Back to Level Stanley Cup Final', u'Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse to beat visiting Chicago 4-3 and even the Stanley Cup Final at 1-1 on Saturday. Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse to beat visiting Chicago 4-3 and even the Stanley Cup Final at 1-1 on Saturday.     Lightning Hit Back to Level Stanley Cup Final'), (u'Mets\u2019 Dillon Gee Unhappy With Move Back to the Bullpen', u'Manager Terry Collins, who is abandoning the strategy of a six-man rotation, apologized to Gee before the Mets&#8217; loss to the Diamondbacks. Manager Terry Collins, who is abandoning the strategy of a six-man rotation, apologized to Gee before the Mets&#8217; loss to the Diamondbacks. Mets\u2019 Dillon Gee Unhappy With Move Back to the Bullpen'), (u'Alex Noren Leads Nordea Masters by 2', u'Noren shot a five-under-par 67 in the third round of the tournament in Malmo, Sweden. Noren shot a five-under-par 67 in the third round of the tournament in Malmo, Sweden. Alex Noren Leads Nordea Masters by 2'), (u'49ers Trade Andy Lee to Browns', u'The Browns acquired the three-time Pro Bowl punter for a late-round 2017 draft pick. The Browns acquired the three-time Pro Bowl punter for a late-round 2017 draft pick. 49ers Trade Andy Lee to Browns'), (u'Bryan Brothers Fall in French Open Doubles Final', u'Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging the two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan. Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging the two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan. Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo defeat Bob and Mike Bryan to win doubles final at French Open tennis tournament. Bryan Brothers Fall in French Open Doubles Final'), (u'New York City F.C. Prevails Against Philadelphia', u'Patrick Mullins scored in the 87th minute to lift his team past the host Philadelphia Union. Patrick Mullins scored in the 87th minute to lift his team past the host Philadelphia Union. New York City F C defeats Philadelphia Union, 2-1. New York City F.C. Prevails Against Philadelphia'), (u'Golden Horn Wins English Derby at Epsom', u'The horse won by three and a half lengths in Britain\u2019s biggest flat race. The horse won by three and a half lengths in Britain\u2019s biggest flat race. Golden Horn wins English Derby horse race by three and a half lengths. Golden Horn Wins English Derby at Epsom'), (u'Suzann Pettersen Leads at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic', u'Pettersen made an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and finished with a six-under-par 66 in Cambridge, Ontario. Pettersen made an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and finished with a six-under-par 66 in Cambridge, Ontario. Suzann Pettersen Leads at Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'), (u'Lewis Hamilton Wins Pole in Canadian Grand Prix', u'The pole in Montreal was Hamilton\u2019s fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. The pole in Montreal was Hamilton\u2019s fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. Lewis Hamilton wins pole position for Canadian Grand Prix auto race. Lewis Hamilton Wins Pole in Canadian Grand Prix'), (u'Madison Bumgarner Concedes Grand Slam, but Giants Hold On', u'Bumgarner, who gave up six hits, struck out 11, hit two singles and drove in a run in the Giants\u2019 victory over the Phillies. Bumgarner, who gave up six hits, struck out 11, hit two singles and drove in a run in the Giants\u2019 victory over the Phillies. Baseball Roundup; San Francisco Giants defeat Philadelphia Phillies, 7-5; other MLB scores noted. Madison Bumgarner Concedes Grand Slam, but Giants Hold On'), (u'Angels\u2019 Starter Is Out Early, and the Yankees Cruise', u'Garrett Richards was relieved before the first inning was over after the Yankees scored six runs off him, and they went on to win their fifth in a row. Garrett Richards was relieved before the first inning was over after the Yankees scored six runs off him, and they went on to win their fifth in a row. New York Yankees defeat Los Angeles Angels, 8-2. Angels\u2019 Starter Is Out Early, and the Yankees Cruise'), (u'Lightning Pull Even With Blackhawks in Back-and-Forth Game', u'Tampa Bay and Chicago traded leads in Game 2, but the Lightning stood their ground and responded to a series-opening loss with an electric victory. Tampa Bay and Chicago traded leads in Game 2, but the Lightning stood their ground and responded to a series-opening loss with an electric victory. Tampa Bay Lightning defeat Chicago Blackhawks, 4-3, to tie Stanley Cup finals, 1-1. Lightning Pull Even With Blackhawks in Back-and-Forth Game'), (u'Frustration Turns to Elation for Victor Espinoza', u'Espinoza had been thwarted twice in Triple Crown attempts at Belmont before riding American Pharoah to victory on Saturday. Espinoza had been thwarted twice in Triple Crown attempts at Belmont before riding American Pharoah to victory on Saturday. Jockey Victor Espinoza, who made history by leading American Pharoah to victory at 2015 Belmont Stakes for Triple Crown trophy, says after first turn he knew the race was his. Frustration Turns to Elation for Victor Espinoza'), (u'Penalty Kick Lifts Canada in World Cup Opener Against China', u'Christine Sinclair converted the penalty kick in second-half stoppage time, giving host Canada a 1-0 victory. Christine Sinclair converted the penalty kick in second-half stoppage time, giving host Canada a 1-0 victory. Penalty Kick Lifts Canada in World Cup Opener Against China'), (u'Fan Expected to Survive Injury From Shattered Bat at Fenway', u'The woman was in serious condition at a hospital a day after being hit in the head during a game between the Red Sox and the Athletics. The woman was in serious condition at a hospital a day after being hit in the head during a game between the Red Sox and the Athletics. Tonya Carpenter, Boston Red Sox fan who was struck in head by broken bat at Fenway Park, is in serious condition at Boston hospital, but is expected to survive. Fan Expected to Survive Injury From Shattered Bat at Fenway'), (u'An Elusive Trophy, Gleaming Through the Smudges of Hands and Lips', u'For 37 long years, as the Triple Crown trophy waited for a permanent home, those handling it almost always did so wearing cotton gloves. \u201cIt shows fingerprints easily,\u201d an executive said. For 37 long years, as the Triple Crown trophy waited for a permanent home, those handling it almost always did so wearing cotton gloves. \u201cIt shows fingerprints easily,\u201d an executive said. American Pharoah wins Belmont Stakes to become first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978; 12th version of Triple Crown trophy had made journey to New York 14 times, and 13 times it had been returned unclaimed. An Elusive Trophy, Gleaming Through the Smudges of Hands and Lips'), (u'Kyrie Irving Is the Latest Casualty in a High-Stakes Game', u'A tide of 19-year-olds, their bodies already taxed by years of A.A.U. showcases, has been thrust into an 82-game professional schedule before they are fully developed. A tide of 19-year-olds, their bodies already taxed by years of A.A.U. showcases, has been thrust into an 82-game professional schedule before they are fully developed. Kyrie Irving Is the Latest Casualty in a High-Stakes Game'), (u'Adjustments Ease Crowd at Racetrack', u'After last year\u2019s unwieldy crowds, insufficient food supplies and long train delays, new preparations were well received by visitors to Belmont Park. After last year\u2019s unwieldy crowds, insufficient food supplies and long train delays, new preparations were well received by visitors to Belmont Park. Visitors welcome upgraded accommodations, for everything from food to transportation, made for 2015 Belmont Stakes at Belmont Park after chaos at 2014 race. Adjustments Ease Crowd at Racetrack'), (u'Americans Dominate Boys&#8217; Play in Paris ', u"The boys\u2019 singles final at the French Open featured two Americans, and other players from the United States made it deep into the tournament. The boys\u2019 singles final at the French Open featured two Americans, and other players from the United States made it deep into the tournament. Tommy Paul defeats Taylor Harry Fritz in first all-American boys' final at French Open tennis tournament. Americans Dominate Boys&#8217; Play in Paris "), (u'American Pharoah Wins Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown', u'For the first time since Affirmed in 1978, a horse swept the Triple Crown races. American Pharoah became the 12th horse to accomplish the feat. For the first time since Affirmed in 1978, a horse swept the Triple Crown races. American Pharoah became the 12th horse to accomplish the feat. American Pharoah Wins Belmont Stakes and Triple Crown'), (u'Irving Mondschein, Decathlete, Coach and Track Patriarch, Dies at 91', u'Mr. Mondschein was a national champion in the decathlon and high jump in the 1940s, a college and Olympic coach and the patriarch of three generations of track and field stars. Mr. Mondschein was a national champion in the decathlon and high jump in the 1940s, a college and Olympic coach and the patriarch of three generations of track and field stars. Irving Mondschein, Decathlete, Coach and Track Patriarch, Dies at 91'), (u'Barcelona Overwhelms Juventus to Win Fifth Champions League Title', u'Behind its three superstar scorers, Barcelona completed a so-called treble, having taken both the Spanish league and the Spanish cup titles. Behind its three superstar scorers, Barcelona completed a so-called treble, having taken both the Spanish league and the Spanish cup titles. Barcelona Overwhelms Juventus to Win Fifth Champions League Title'), (u'On Paper, U.S. Women Have Enough ', u'The national team has the talent to win the World Cup, but it also has weaknesses in critical areas that could spell its downfall. The national team has the talent to win the World Cup, but it also has weaknesses in critical areas that could spell its downfall. On Paper, U.S. Women Have Enough '), (u'Face of Soccer in Canada, on Field and on Stamps', u'Christine Sinclair entered Canada\u2019s opening match Saturday night with 153 career goals, third on the international list behind Abby Wambach (182) and Mia Hamm (158). Christine Sinclair entered Canada\u2019s opening match Saturday night with 153 career goals, third on the international list behind Abby Wambach (182) and Mia Hamm (158). Face of Soccer in Canada, on Field and on Stamps'), (u'Discordant Notes\xa0Over Need to Practice on a U.S. Open Course', u'The feedback before the United States Open at Chambers Bay Golf Course has contained dissonant harmonies and unmistakable themes of angst, alienation and apathy. The feedback before the United States Open at Chambers Bay Golf Course has contained dissonant harmonies and unmistakable themes of angst, alienation and apathy. Discordant Notes\xa0Over Need to Practice on a U.S. Open Course'), (u'Letters to the Editor', u'Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Readers sound off on the latest headlines in Sports. Letters to the Editor'), (u'Break Serve? For Most Players, It&#8217;s a Struggle to Break Even', u'A long-simmering debate exists in tennis over fair compensation for players, especially those outside the top 100. A long-simmering debate exists in tennis over fair compensation for players, especially those outside the top 100. Break Serve? For Most Players, It&#8217;s a Struggle to Break Even'), (u'Ruben Tejada Is Making the Most of Another Chance With Mets', u'Injuries have forced Tejada back into the starting lineup, and he has become the hottest hitter on the team, batting .483 over seven games. Injuries have forced Tejada back into the starting lineup, and he has become the hottest hitter on the team, batting .483 over seven games. New York Mets shortstop Ruben Tejada has become hottest hitter on team, batting .483 over seven games. Ruben Tejada Is Making the Most of Another Chance With Mets'), (u'At Site of Highs for Tiger Woods, One of a Different Sort: 85', u'Woods had a quadruple-bogey 8 on the 18th hole and recorded his worst score since he turned pro in 1996, with a 42 on the front nine and a 43 on the back in the third round of the Memorial Tournament. Woods had a quadruple-bogey 8 on the 18th hole and recorded his worst score since he turned pro in 1996, with a 42 on the front nine and a 43 on the back in the third round of the Memorial Tournament. At Site of Highs for Tiger Woods, One of a Different Sort: 85'), (u'A Military Mind-Set Keeps a Yankee Prepared Amid Limited Action', u'A team-first attitude has helped Garrett Jones, a first baseman and right fielder for the Yankees, reconcile his lack of playing time with his team\u2019s success. A team-first attitude has helped Garrett Jones, a first baseman and right fielder for the Yankees, reconcile his lack of playing time with his team\u2019s success. A Military Mind-Set Keeps a Yankee Prepared Amid Limited Action'), (u'Red Sox&#8217; Pitching Change Is Paying Off', u'A group that looked overmatched early has settled down under a new pitching coach, Carl Willis, who was formerly with the Indians and the Mariners. A group that looked overmatched early has settled down under a new pitching coach, Carl Willis, who was formerly with the Indians and the Mariners. Tyler Kepner Extra Bases column; Boston Red Sox show improvement under pitching coach Carl Willis, who was hired on May 9; other baseball news noted. Red Sox&#8217; Pitching Change Is Paying Off'), (u'Oakland Is Home to Championship Teams, All of Them Looking to Leave', u'Oakland was once the most successful sports city in the nation. Now the Raiders, the Athletics and the Warriors are all looking to get out. Oakland was once the most successful sports city in the nation. Now the Raiders, the Athletics and the Warriors are all looking to get out. City of Oakland, once the most successful sports city in America, stands to lose all three of its professional sports teams as Oakland Athletics, Oakland Raiders and Golden State Warriors look to move elsewhere in California. Oakland Is Home to Championship Teams, All of Them Looking to Leave'), (u'A Stooper at Belmont Chases the Jackpot', u'Frankie Abbate scoops up betting slips at the racetrack in hopes of finding a few winners that bettors discarded prematurely or in error. Frankie Abbate scoops up betting slips at the racetrack in hopes of finding a few winners that bettors discarded prematurely or in error. A Stooper at Belmont Chases the Jackpot'), (u'Divine Intervention Is a Hope, Not a Horse, in the Belmont', u'American Pharoah\u2019s jockey, Victor Espinoza, paid homage at the grave site of a Jewish leader who some believe has the ear of a higher power. American Pharoah\u2019s jockey, Victor Espinoza, paid homage at the grave site of a Jewish leader who some believe has the ear of a higher power. Divine Intervention Is a Hope, Not a Horse, in the Belmont'), (u'A Storied Trainer and a Witness to History', u'John A. Nerud has overseen a stable full of great horses, and he bred and owned Fappiano, American Pharoah&#8217;s great-great-grandfather. John A. Nerud has overseen a stable full of great horses, and he bred and owned Fappiano, American Pharoah&#8217;s great-great-grandfather. Hall of Fame trainer and breeder John A Nerud bred and owned Fappiano, great-great grandfather to Triple Crown winner American Pharoah. A Storied Trainer and a Witness to History'), (u'Novak Djokovic Tops Andy Murray to Reach French Open Final', u'Djokovic, the top seed, finally faced a stiff test at Roland Garros, but after five sets of extended rallies over two days, he advanced to a matchup with Stan Wawrinka. Djokovic, the top seed, finally faced a stiff test at Roland Garros, but after five sets of extended rallies over two days, he advanced to a matchup with Stan Wawrinka. Novak Djokovic defeats Andy Murray in French Open tennis tournament semifinals. Novak Djokovic Tops Andy Murray to Reach French Open Final'), (u'Third Time Is a Chore as Serena Williams Wins French Open Title', u'Williams overcame illness and shakiness to beat Lucie Safarova for her fifth three-set win in Paris, more than she had in any of her previous 19 runs to a Grand Slam singles title. Williams overcame illness and shakiness to beat Lucie Safarova for her fifth three-set win in Paris, more than she had in any of her previous 19 runs to a Grand Slam singles title. Serena Williams defeats Lucie Safa to win singles title at French Open tennis tournament. Third Time Is a Chore as Serena Williams Wins French Open Title'), (u'Blackhawks Build a Juggernaut With Talent on Ice and in Front Office', u'A rare core of talented players and aggressive marketing by the Chicago Blackhawks have made them one of the most popular teams in professional sports. A rare core of talented players and aggressive marketing by the Chicago Blackhawks have made them one of the most popular teams in professional sports. Chicago Blackhawks, under owner Rocky Wirtz, are three victories from their third Stanley Cup championship in six seasons. Blackhawks Build a Juggernaut With Talent on Ice and in Front Office'), (u'Paul Molitor\u2019s Attention to Detail Has Twins Off to Fast Start', u'Molitor, a Hall of Famer who spent most of his career with the Brewers, led Minnesota to a 32-22 record entering Saturday by helping his players focus on the finer points of the game. Molitor, a Hall of Famer who spent most of his career with the Brewers, led Minnesota to a 32-22 record entering Saturday by helping his players focus on the finer points of the game. Minnesota Twins new manager Paul Molitor has team on top in American League Central after four consecutive losing seasons. Paul Molitor\u2019s Attention to Detail Has Twins Off to Fast Start'), (u'When the Warriors Lost Home-Court Advantage to the Ice Follies', u'When Golden State last made the N.B.A. finals, in 1975, the team\u2019s arena had already been booked for a touring skating show, forcing the team to play at the Cow Palace, near San Francisco. When Golden State last made the N.B.A. finals, in 1975, the team\u2019s arena had already been booked for a touring skating show, forcing the team to play at the Cow Palace, near San Francisco. Golden State Warriors are playing in NBA finals for first time since 1975 when they were forced to play at Cow Palace, near San Francisco, because of scheduling conflict; this time around, they are truly on home turf. When the Warriors Lost Home-Court Advantage to the Ice Follies'), (u"In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground", u"Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane. Diving into tackles on the lush green grass at the Southeast Asian Games is a rare treat for the Laos rugby sevens teams who are more used to sidestepping motorbikes during training on a gravelly car park in Vientiane. In Laos, Women's Rugby Flourishes on Unsuitable Ground"), (u'Blackhawks Lose 4-3 to Lightning in Game 2', u'The Chicago Blackhawks let a chance to take a 2-0 lead in the Stanley Cup Final get away. The Chicago Blackhawks let a chance to take a 2-0 lead in the Stanley Cup Final get away. Blackhawks Lose 4-3 to Lightning in Game 2'), (u'Cotto Knocks Out Geale in 4th Round, Retains WBC Title', u'Miguel Cotto didn\'t quite break into "New York, New York" after one of his most powerful showings in the city that never sleeps. Miguel Cotto didn\'t quite break into "New York, New York" after one of his most powerful showings in the city that never sleeps. Cotto Knocks Out Geale in 4th Round, Retains WBC Title'), (u'Netherlands Beat New Zealand for Winning World Cup Debut', u"The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage. The Netherlands made a winning women's World Cup debut beating New Zealand 1-0 on Saturday to leave the frustrated Football Ferns still searching for their elusive first success on soccer's biggest stage. Netherlands Beat New Zealand for Winning World Cup Debut"), (u'Martens Scores, Netherlands Beats New Zealand 1-0', u"Lieke Martens' long strike from outside the box in the first half gave the Netherlands its first ever Women's World Cup goal and a 1-0 victory over New Zealand on Saturday night. Lieke Martens' long strike from outside the box in the first half gave the Netherlands its first ever Women's World Cup goal and a 1-0 victory over New Zealand on Saturday night. Martens Scores, Netherlands Beats New Zealand 1-0"), (u'Lightning Turn Back Blackhawks to Even Cup Final at 1-1', u'Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse and beat visiting Chicago 4-3 to even the Stanley Cup Final on Saturday. Jason Garrison slapped in the game-winner in the third period as the Tampa Bay Lightning avoided another late collapse and beat visiting Chicago 4-3 to even the Stanley Cup Final on Saturday.     Lightning Turn Back Blackhawks to Even Cup Final at 1-1'), (u'Dixon Dominates Crash-Free IndyCar Series Race at Texas', u'Scott Dixon was still moaning 30 minutes before the race about the extra downforce planned for his car. Scott Dixon was still moaning 30 minutes before the race about the extra downforce planned for his car. Dixon Dominates Crash-Free IndyCar Series Race at Texas'), (u'Tigers End 8-Game Losing Streak, Beat White Sox Behind Price', u'David Price struck out 11 in a five-hitter, Miguel Cabrera homered the Detroit Tigers ended an eight-game losing streak, beating the Chicago White Sox 7-1 Saturday night. David Price struck out 11 in a five-hitter, Miguel Cabrera homered the Detroit Tigers ended an eight-game losing streak, beating the Chicago White Sox 7-1 Saturday night. Tigers End 8-Game Losing Streak, Beat White Sox Behind Price'), (u'Yankees Beat Angels 8-2 and Stretch Winning Streak to 5', u"Brian McCann hit a two-run homer that helped chase Garrett Richards in a six-run first inning, and the New York Yankees didn't have to fret in an 8-2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night that stretched their winning streak to five. Brian McCann hit a two-run homer that helped chase Garrett Richards in a six-run first inning, and the New York Yankees didn't have to fret in an 8-2 win over the Los Angeles Angels on Saturday night that stretched their winning streak to five. Yankees Beat Angels 8-2 and Stretch Winning Streak to 5"), (u"Bethancourt's 9th-Inning HR Lifts Braves Past Pirates, 5-4", u"Christian Bethancourt lined Vance Worley's first pitch in the ninth inning over the right-field wall for his first career homer, lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 5-4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday night. Christian Bethancourt lined Vance Worley's first pitch in the ninth inning over the right-field wall for his first career homer, lifting the Atlanta Braves to a 5-4 win over the Pittsburgh Pirates on Saturday night. Bethancourt's 9th-Inning HR Lifts Braves Past Pirates, 5-4"), (u'Tampa Bay Uses 2 Goalies, Beats Chicago 4-3 to Even Final', u'Andrei Vasilevskiy had no warning before Ben Bishop skated over to the Tampa Bay bench and went up the tunnel. Just like that, a 20-year-old Russian rookie was playing goalie for the Lightning in the third period of a tied Stanley Cup Final game. Andrei Vasilevskiy had no warning before Ben Bishop skated over to the Tampa Bay bench and went up the tunnel. Just like that, a 20-year-old Russian rookie was playing goalie for the Lightning in the third period of a tied Stanley Cup Final game. Tampa Bay Uses 2 Goalies, Beats Chicago 4-3 to Even Final'), (u'American Pharoah Aces Each Test in Triple Crown Run', u"The mile-and-a-half Belmont Stakes is known as the 'Test of the  Champion' and American Pharoah passed it with flying colors to become the first horse in 37 years to claim U.S. thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown. The mile-and-a-half Belmont Stakes is known as the 'Test of the  Champion' and American Pharoah passed it with flying colors to become the first horse in 37 years to claim U.S. thoroughbred racing's Triple Crown. American Pharoah Aces Each Test in Triple Crown Run"), (u'Mascarenhas Awarded Full-Time Contract as NZ Bowling Coach', u"Former English all-rounder Dimitri Mascarenhas has been appointed New Zealand's bowling coach full-time in the wake of the team's encouraging test series in England. Former English all-rounder Dimitri Mascarenhas has been appointed New Zealand's bowling coach full-time in the wake of the team's encouraging test series in England. Mascarenhas Awarded Full-Time Contract as NZ Bowling Coach"), (u'Cardinals Get Skunked at Dodger Stadium', u'A bunch of skunks at Dodger Stadium nearly caused a real stink for the St. Louis Cardinals. A bunch of skunks at Dodger Stadium nearly caused a real stink for the St. Louis Cardinals. Cardinals Get Skunked at Dodger Stadium'), (u'Argentina, Uruguay Impress in Copa America Warmups', u'Uruguay handed Guatemala a 5-1 roasting in a friendly on Saturday that augurs well for their defence of the Copa America in the absence of suspended striker Luis Suarez. Uruguay handed Guatemala a 5-1 roasting in a friendly on Saturday that augurs well for their defence of the Copa America in the absence of suspended striker Luis Suarez. Argentina, Uruguay Impress in Copa America Warmups'), (u'Hinchcliffe Surprise Command for IndyCar Race in Texas', u"James Hinchcliffe gave the command for IndyCar Series drivers to start their engines in Texas on Saturday night &#8212; through a surprise video shown on the track's huge HD screen. James Hinchcliffe gave the command for IndyCar Series drivers to start their engines in Texas on Saturday night &#8212; through a surprise video shown on the track's huge HD screen. Hinchcliffe Surprise Command for IndyCar Race in Texas"), (u"The Keys to American Pharoah's Ride to Triple Crown History", u"American Pharoah made his own luck in winning the Belmont Stakes, ending the 37-year Triple Crown drought. American Pharoah made his own luck in winning the Belmont Stakes, ending the 37-year Triple Crown drought. The Keys to American Pharoah's Ride to Triple Crown History"), (u'Pettersen Leads Uribe by One Shot in Ontario', u'Suzann Pettersen saved par after a deft bunker shot at the final hole to hold a one-stroke lead after the third round of the Manulife LPGA Classic in Ontario on Saturday. Suzann Pettersen saved par after a deft bunker shot at the final hole to hold a one-stroke lead after the third round of the Manulife LPGA Classic in Ontario on Saturday. Pettersen Leads Uribe by One Shot in Ontario'), (u'Todt Says FIA Faces No Risk of Corruption', u'The International Automobile Federation (FIA) is in no danger of suffering the sort of corruption scandal currently engulfing world soccer governing body FIFA, its president Jean Todt said on Saturday. The International Automobile Federation (FIA) is in no danger of suffering the sort of corruption scandal currently engulfing world soccer governing body FIFA, its president Jean Todt said on Saturday. Todt Says FIA Faces No Risk of Corruption'), (u'Sinclair Saves the Day for Canada With Late Winner', u"An injury time goal by Christine Sinclair from the penalty spot lifted Canada to a nail-biting 1-0 win over China on Saturday to get the Women's World Cup off to an electrifying start. An injury time goal by Christine Sinclair from the penalty spot lifted Canada to a nail-biting 1-0 win over China on Saturday to get the Women's World Cup off to an electrifying start. Sinclair Saves the Day for Canada With Late Winner"), (u'Golf Capsules', u'Justin Rose made an early surge Saturday at the Memorial, when it seemed as though everyone except Tiger Woods was making a move. Rose kept right on going until he posted a 6-under 66 and emerged with a three-shot lead. Justin Rose made an early surge Saturday at the Memorial, when it seemed as though everyone except Tiger Woods was making a move. Rose kept right on going until he posted a 6-under 66 and emerged with a three-shot lead. Golf Capsules'), (u'Sinclair Gives Canada 1-0 Win Over China in World Cup Opener', u'With the sellout crowd roaring, Christine Sinclair sprinted across the field and into the outstretched arms of coach John Herdman. With the sellout crowd roaring, Christine Sinclair sprinted across the field and into the outstretched arms of coach John Herdman. Sinclair Gives Canada 1-0 Win Over China in World Cup Opener'), (u'Calcavecchia Grabs 1-Shot Champions Tour Lead in Iowa', u"Mark Calcavecchia was carrying groceries into his brother-in-law's house on Thanksgiving morning when he stumbled. Mark Calcavecchia was carrying groceries into his brother-in-law's house on Thanksgiving morning when he stumbled. Calcavecchia Grabs 1-Shot Champions Tour Lead in Iowa"), (u"Kelly Snaps 9-Start Winless Stretch, Red Sox Beat A's 4-2", u"Joe Kelly pitched six solid innings to earn his first win since his initial start of the season, Hanley Ramirez hit a two-run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4-2 on Saturday. Joe Kelly pitched six solid innings to earn his first win since his initial start of the season, Hanley Ramirez hit a two-run homer and the Boston Red Sox beat the Oakland Athletics 4-2 on Saturday. Kelly Snaps 9-Start Winless Stretch, Red Sox Beat A's 4-2"), (u"Alonso's Grand Slam Rallies Padres Over Reds 9-7", u"Yonder Alonso's second career grand slam pulled the Padres even in the seventh inning, and Matt Kemp singled with the bases loaded in the eighth on Saturday, completing San Diego's biggest comeback of the season for a 9-7 victory over the Cincinnati... Yonder Alonso's second career grand slam pulled the Padres even in the seventh inning, and Matt Kemp singled with the bases loaded in the eighth on Saturday, completing San Diego's biggest comeback of the season for a 9-7 victory over the Cincinnati Reds. Alonso's Grand Slam Rallies Padres Over Reds 9-7"), (u"Triumphant Luis Enrique Won't Say if He Will Stay at Barca", u"Barcelona coach Luis Enrique declined to say if he will still be at the helm next season after leading them to a treble in his first season including Saturday's Champions League triumph over Juventus. Barcelona coach Luis Enrique declined to say if he will still be at the helm next season after leading them to a treble in his first season including Saturday's Champions League triumph over Juventus. Triumphant Luis Enrique Won't Say if He Will Stay at Barca"), (u'Salazar Pitches Indians Past Orioles 2-1', u'Danny Salazar pitched impressively into the eighth inning to reach a career high in wins and Carlos Santana had a tiebreaking double as the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 on Saturday. Danny Salazar pitched impressively into the eighth inning to reach a career high in wins and Carlos Santana had a tiebreaking double as the Cleveland Indians beat the Baltimore Orioles 2-1 on Saturday. Salazar Pitches Indians Past Orioles 2-1'), (u'The Latest: Tampa Bay Evens Stanley Cup Final With 4-3 Win', u'The latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Chicago Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning, at Amalie Arena on Saturday night. All times listed are Eastern: The latest from Game 2 of the Stanley Cup Final between the Chicago Blackhawks and Tampa Bay Lightning, at Amalie Arena on Saturday night. All times listed are Eastern: The Latest: Tampa Bay Evens Stanley Cup Final With 4-3 Win'), (u'American Pharoah Runs Into History With Triple Crown', u'By mid-stretch, Bob Baffert knew it. American Pharoah was going to win the Triple Crown. By mid-stretch, Bob Baffert knew it. American Pharoah was going to win the Triple Crown. American Pharoah Runs Into History With Triple Crown'), (u'American Pharoah Captures U.S. Triple Crown', u"American Pharoah entered the pantheon of U.S. thoroughbred racing's all-time greats by winning the Belmont Stakes wire-to-wire on Saturday to become the first horse to capture the coveted 'Triple Crown' in nearly four decades. American Pharoah entered the pantheon of U.S. thoroughbred racing's all-time greats by winning the Belmont Stakes wire-to-wire on Saturday to become the first horse to capture the coveted 'Triple Crown' in nearly four decades. American Pharoah Captures U.S. Triple Crown"), (u'The 12 Horses That Have Won the Triple Crown', u"The 12 horses that have won U.S. horse racing's Triple Crown after American Pharoah's victory in the Belmont Stakes on Saturday. The 12 horses that have won U.S. horse racing's Triple Crown after American Pharoah's victory in the Belmont Stakes on Saturday.  The 12 Horses That Have Won the Triple Crown"), (u'Antron Brown Takes No. 1 Spot in Top Fuel Qualifying', u'Antron Brown raced to his third consecutive No. 1 qualifying position in Top Fuel on Saturday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park. Antron Brown raced to his third consecutive No. 1 qualifying position in Top Fuel on Saturday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park. Antron Brown Takes No. 1 Spot in Top Fuel Qualifying'), (u'Bumgarner Ks 11, Overcomes Francoeur Slam, Giants Top Phils', u'Madison Bumgarner struck out 11, overcoming a grand slam by Jeff Francoeur to pitch the San Francisco Giants past the Philadelphia Phillies 7-5 Saturday. Madison Bumgarner struck out 11, overcoming a grand slam by Jeff Francoeur to pitch the San Francisco Giants past the Philadelphia Phillies 7-5 Saturday. Bumgarner Ks 11, Overcomes Francoeur Slam, Giants Top Phils'), (u'Luis Suarez Scores Decisive Goal, Still Annoys', u'Never one to avoid controversy, Luis Suarez came through for Barcelona just when it needed him most. Never one to avoid controversy, Luis Suarez came through for Barcelona just when it needed him most. Luis Suarez Scores Decisive Goal, Still Annoys'), (u'Analysis-Barca and Juve Provide Perfect Antidote to FIFA Stench', u'Barcelona triumphed over fellow European giants Juventus in a superb Champions League final on Saturday that was the perfect antidote to the stench coming out of Zurich in the wake of the FIFA corruption scandal. Barcelona triumphed over fellow European giants Juventus in a superb Champions League final on Saturday that was the perfect antidote to the stench coming out of Zurich in the wake of the FIFA corruption scandal. Analysis-Barca and Juve Provide Perfect Antidote to FIFA Stench'), (u'Xavi Ends Barca Career in Style With European Triumph', u'Xavi brought his glittering Barcelona career to a fitting and emotional end when he hoisted aloft the European Cup following a 3-1 victory over Juventus in the Champions League final on Saturday. Xavi brought his glittering Barcelona career to a fitting and emotional end when he hoisted aloft the European Cup following a 3-1 victory over Juventus in the Champions League final on Saturday. Xavi Ends Barca Career in Style With European Triumph'), (u'NBA Finals Go on, With Warriors Seeming Even Bigger Favorite', u'The NBA Finals hyped as LeBron James vs. Stephen Curry now seems like James against the Golden State Warriors. The NBA Finals hyped as LeBron James vs. Stephen Curry now seems like James against the Golden State Warriors. NBA Finals Go on, With Warriors Seeming Even Bigger Favorite'), (u'Pettersen Takes One-Stroke Lead in Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic', u'Suzann Pettersen made an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and closed with seven pars for a six-under-par 66. Mariajo Uribe was in second after a 67. Suzann Pettersen made an eagle and four birdies on the first 11 holes and closed with seven pars for a six-under-par 66. Mariajo Uribe was in second after a 67. Pettersen Takes One-Stroke Lead in Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic'), (u'Williams Hopeful Massa Can Beat the Red Bulls', u'Williams have set Felipe Massa a target of beating at least one of the Red Bulls after an engine problem in qualifying left the Brazilian facing a battle from 15th on the Canadian Grand Prix starting grid. Williams have set Felipe Massa a target of beating at least one of the Red Bulls after an engine problem in qualifying left the Brazilian facing a battle from 15th on the Canadian Grand Prix starting grid. Williams Hopeful Massa Can Beat the Red Bulls'), (u"Guerrero May Miss Peru's Copa America Opener v Brazil", u"Striker Paolo Guerrero is doubtful for Peru's Copa America opener against Brazil next week after injuring his ankle in a practice match on Saturday. Striker Paolo Guerrero is doubtful for Peru's Copa America opener against Brazil next week after injuring his ankle in a practice match on Saturday. Guerrero May Miss Peru's Copa America Opener v Brazil"), (u'Gomez, Brewers Beat Twins Again, 4-2', u'Carlos Gomez went 4 for 4 with a walk, tormenting his former team again with three RBIs over the last three innings to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4-2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday. Carlos Gomez went 4 for 4 with a walk, tormenting his former team again with three RBIs over the last three innings to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 4-2 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Saturday. Gomez, Brewers Beat Twins Again, 4-2'), (u'Vettel Handed Five Place Penalty in Canada', u"Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was handed a five-place grid penalty at the Canadian Grand Prix on Saturday for overtaking while red warning flags were displayed in a disrupted final practice. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was handed a five-place grid penalty at the Canadian Grand Prix on Saturday for overtaking while red warning flags were displayed in a disrupted final practice. Vettel Handed Five Place Penalty in Canada"), (u'Forget Calendar Slam, Williams Eyes Second Serena Slam', u'Serena Williams is a five-times Wimbledon champion but the American surprisingly declared on Saturday that she has "never really liked grass". Serena Williams is a five-times Wimbledon champion but the American surprisingly declared on Saturday that she has "never really liked grass".  Forget Calendar Slam, Williams Eyes Second Serena Slam'), (u'Rodriguez Pitches 7 Strong Innings, Rangers Beat Royals', u'Wandy Rodriguez pitched seven strong innings and the Texas Rangers defeated the Kansas City Royals 4-2 Saturday for their seventh win in eight games. Wandy Rodriguez pitched seven strong innings and the Texas Rangers defeated the Kansas City Royals 4-2 Saturday for their seventh win in eight games. Rodriguez Pitches 7 Strong Innings, Rangers Beat Royals'), (u"Iguodala's Willingness to Come Off Bench Helps Key Warriors", u"Andre Iguodala's impressive resume heading into this season featured an Olympic gold medal, All-Star appearance and first-team All-NBA defensive team honors. Andre Iguodala's impressive resume heading into this season featured an Olympic gold medal, All-Star appearance and first-team All-NBA defensive team honors. Iguodala's Willingness to Come Off Bench Helps Key Warriors"), (u"Cavaliers' Irving Has Successful Surgery on Fractured Kneecap", u"Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving had surgery on Saturday to repair his fractured left kneecap, a procedure described as successful by the National Basketball Association team. Cleveland Cavaliers guard Kyrie Irving had surgery on Saturday to repair his fractured left kneecap, a procedure described as successful by the National Basketball Association team. Cavaliers' Irving Has Successful Surgery on Fractured Kneecap"), (u'Slick Barca Cruise Past Juventus to Win Champions League', u"Barcelona's mighty attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar won the Champions League on Saturday with a 3-1 victory over Juventus that showed the beauty of fluent and attacking football after days of scandal that have tarnished the... Barcelona's mighty attacking trio of Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar won the Champions League on Saturday with a 3-1 victory over Juventus that showed the beauty of fluent and attacking football after days of scandal that have tarnished the sport. Slick Barca Cruise Past Juventus to Win Champions League"), (u'Venezuelan President Cancels Rome Meeting With Pope Due to Flu', u'Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Saturday he had canceled a planned trip to Rome, during which he was due to meet  Pope Francis, because he is sick with flu. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro said on Saturday he had canceled a planned trip to Rome, during which he was due to meet  Pope Francis, because he is sick with flu. Venezuelan President Cancels Rome Meeting With Pope Due to Flu'), (u'Rose Grabs Three-Shot Lead at Memorial', u"England&#8217;s Justin Rose took a three-shot lead after the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday as he looked to become the event's seventh multiple winner. England&#8217;s Justin Rose took a three-shot lead after the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday as he looked to become the event's seventh multiple winner. Rose Grabs Three-Shot Lead at Memorial"), (u'Reyes 3 Steals, 2 Hits, Jays Hand Astros 3rd Straight Loss', u'With their major league-leading offense in high gear, Jose Reyes and the Toronto Blue Jays are on their best run of the year. With their major league-leading offense in high gear, Jose Reyes and the Toronto Blue Jays are on their best run of the year. Reyes 3 Steals, 2 Hits, Jays Hand Astros 3rd Straight Loss'), (u'Guerrero Knocked Down, but Wins Split Decision Over Martinez', u'Robert Guerrero rebounded from a fourth-round knockdown and won a split decision over Aron Martinez in a welterweight bout Saturday. Robert Guerrero rebounded from a fourth-round knockdown and won a split decision over Aron Martinez in a welterweight bout Saturday. Guerrero Knocked Down, but Wins Split Decision Over Martinez'), (u'2011 Daytona 500 Champ Bayne Wins ARCA Debut in Pocono', u'Trevor Bayne dominated from the pole, and the 2011 Daytona 500 champion won Saturday in his ARCA Series debut. Trevor Bayne dominated from the pole, and the 2011 Daytona 500 champion won Saturday in his ARCA Series debut. 2011 Daytona 500 Champ Bayne Wins ARCA Debut in Pocono'), (u"China's Liu Breaks Women's 20km Walk World Record", u"China's Liu Hong broke the women's 20km walk world record by clocking one hour 24.38 minutes at the IAAF Race Walking Challenge in La Coruna on Saturday. China's Liu Hong broke the women's 20km walk world record by clocking one hour 24.38 minutes at the IAAF Race Walking Challenge in La Coruna on Saturday. China's Liu Breaks Women's 20km Walk World Record"), (u'Barcelona Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Soccer Win', u'Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble. Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble. Barcelona Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Soccer Win'), (u'Barca Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Win', u'Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble. Barcelona were crowned kings of Europe for the fifth time after beating Juventus 3-1 in a pulsating Champions League final at the Olympic Stadium on Saturday, capping their magnificent season with a title treble. Barca Cap Great Season With Fifth European Cup Win'), (u'Cavs Guard Irving Has Surgery on Broken Kneecap', u"Kyrie Irving didn't waste a moment in starting his recovery for next season, rushing back from the NBA Finals to have surgery on his left knee. Kyrie Irving didn't waste a moment in starting his recovery for next season, rushing back from the NBA Finals to have surgery on his left knee. Cavs Guard Irving Has Surgery on Broken Kneecap"), (u'Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Win French Open Men\u2019s Doubles', u'Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging the two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan, 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 7-5, in the doubles final. Ivan Dodig and Marcelo Melo won their first Grand Slam title by edging the two-time champions Bob and Mike Bryan, 6-7 (5), 7-6 (5), 7-5, in the doubles final. Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Win French Open Men\u2019s Doubles'), (u"Faldo Says Tiger's Problems More Mental Than Physical", u"Tiger Woods&#8217; deterioration on the golf course is a result of mental gremlins more than anything physical, six-times major winner Nick Faldo said on Saturday after Woods shot a career-worst round of 85. Tiger Woods&#8217; deterioration on the golf course is a result of mental gremlins more than anything physical, six-times major winner Nick Faldo said on Saturday after Woods shot a career-worst round of 85. Faldo Says Tiger's Problems More Mental Than Physical"), (u'Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Land Maiden Major in Paris', u"Croatia's Ivan Dodig and Brazilian Marcelo Melo clinched their maiden grand slam title by defeating brothers Bob and Mike Bryan 6-7(5) 7-6(5) 7-5 in the French Open doubles final on Saturday. Croatia's Ivan Dodig and Brazilian Marcelo Melo clinched their maiden grand slam title by defeating brothers Bob and Mike Bryan 6-7(5) 7-6(5) 7-5 in the French Open doubles final on Saturday. Dodig and Melo Beat Bryans to Land Maiden Major in Paris"), (u'Hammel Stays Undefeated Against Nationals, Cubs Win 4-2', u'Jason Hammel extended his mastery over Washington to an 11th impressive start, and Dexter Fowler had two hits and scored twice Saturday, leading the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory over the Nationals. Jason Hammel extended his mastery over Washington to an 11th impressive start, and Dexter Fowler had two hits and scored twice Saturday, leading the Chicago Cubs to a 4-2 victory over the Nationals. Hammel Stays Undefeated Against Nationals, Cubs Win 4-2'), (u'Juve Risk Barzagli in Champions League Final', u'Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri has taken a risk by deploying Andrea Barzagli in central defence in place of the injured Giorgio Chiellini for Saturday&#8217;s Champions League final against Barcelona. Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri has taken a risk by deploying Andrea Barzagli in central defence in place of the injured Giorgio Chiellini for Saturday&#8217;s Champions League final against Barcelona. Juve Risk Barzagli in Champions League Final'), (u'Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal', u'Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid. Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid. Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal'), (u'In 2011 Montreal Race, Many Records, One Great Drive', u'An incredible performance by Jenson Button marked a wet, chaotic Canadian Grand Prix, the longest race in history. An incredible performance by Jenson Button marked a wet, chaotic Canadian Grand Prix, the longest race in history. In 2011 Montreal Race, Many Records, One Great Drive'), (u'For Sibling Formula One Teams, Winning Isn\u2019t Everything', u'At times, however, the feisty young-driver training outfit Toro Rosso has overshadowed its more illustrious big brother Red Bull. At times, however, the feisty young-driver training outfit Toro Rosso has overshadowed its more illustrious big brother Red Bull. For Sibling Formula One Teams, Winning Isn\u2019t Everything'), (u'In Formula One, Success Breeds Success\xa0\u2014 or Does It?', u'Depending on a driver\u2019s mind-set, victories and titles can bring both confidence and pressure. Depending on a driver\u2019s mind-set, victories and titles can bring both confidence and pressure. In Formula One, Success Breeds Success\xa0\u2014 or Does It?'), (u'New Beginning for Safarova After Paris Powershow', u'It took Lucie Safarova 40 attempts to contest a grand slam final but her French Open performance suggested the Czech should not have to wait too long before reaching that level again. It took Lucie Safarova 40 attempts to contest a grand slam final but her French Open performance suggested the Czech should not have to wait too long before reaching that level again. New Beginning for Safarova After Paris Powershow'), (u'Noren Takes Third-Round Lead at Nordea Masters', u'Alex Noren of Sweden carded a five-under-par 67 to take a two-shot lead in Malmo, Sweden, while Henrik Stenson, the local favorite, flew up 28 places and was five shots back. Alex Noren of Sweden carded a five-under-par 67 to take a two-shot lead in Malmo, Sweden, while Henrik Stenson, the local favorite, flew up 28 places and was five shots back. Noren Takes Third-Round Lead at Nordea Masters'), (u'Hendrick Motorsports Aims for 6th Straight Pocono Victory', u"Images of Richard Petty in his feathered Stetson hat and dark glasses stamp Pocono Raceway's victory lane tower, a tribute to one of racing's greats and the first winner at the track. Images of Richard Petty in his feathered Stetson hat and dark glasses stamp Pocono Raceway's victory lane tower, a tribute to one of racing's greats and the first winner at the track. Hendrick Motorsports Aims for 6th Straight Pocono Victory"), (u'Woods Shoots Career-Worst Round of 85', u'Tiger Woods produced the worst round of his professional career, a 13-over-par 85 in the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday.    The 14-time major champion finished off a bad day with a quadruple bogey eight on the... Tiger Woods produced the worst round of his professional career, a 13-over-par 85 in the third round of the Memorial Tournament at Muirfield Village on Saturday.    The 14-time major champion finished off a bad day with a quadruple bogey eight on the 18th hole to eclipse his previous worst of 82 at the Phoenix Open earlier this year. Woods Shoots Career-Worst Round of 85'), (u'The Latest: Pique Snags Unique Souvenir of CL Victory', u'The Latest from the Champions League final: The Latest from the Champions League final: The Latest: Pique Snags Unique Souvenir of CL Victory'), (u'Tiger Woods Shoots Worst Round of Career, 85, at Memorial', u'Tiger Woods hit a new low with a career high. Tiger Woods hit a new low with a career high. Tiger Woods Shoots Worst Round of Career, 85, at Memorial'), (u'Factbox: French Open Champion Serena Williams', u'Factbox on American Serena Williams, who won her 20th grand slam title with a 6-3 6-7(2) 6-2 victory over Czech Lucie Safarova at the French Open on Saturday: Factbox on American Serena Williams, who won her 20th grand slam title with a 6-3 6-7(2) 6-2 victory over Czech Lucie Safarova at the French Open on Saturday: Factbox: French Open Champion Serena Williams'), (u'Magical Trio Gives Barcelona an Edge', u'With Lionel Messi, Luis Su\xe1rez and Neymar, Barcelona enters Saturday\u2019s Champions League final with three of the best strikers ever in one lineup. With Lionel Messi, Luis Su\xe1rez and Neymar, Barcelona enters Saturday\u2019s Champions League final with three of the best strikers ever in one lineup. Magical Trio Gives Barcelona an Edge'), (u"Brazil Demonstrators Decry State of Rio's Olympic Waters", u"Activists on Saturday staged a demonstration on a sewage- and trash-filled strewn Rio de Janeiro beach to protest authorities' failure to make good on promises to clean up the Olympic city's filthy waters ahead of the 2016 games. Activists on Saturday staged a demonstration on a sewage- and trash-filled strewn Rio de Janeiro beach to protest authorities' failure to make good on promises to clean up the Olympic city's filthy waters ahead of the 2016 games. Brazil Demonstrators Decry State of Rio's Olympic Waters"), (u'Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal', u'Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid. Formula One world champion Lewis Hamilton seized pole position on Saturday for the Canadian Grand Prix with Nico Rosberg, his disappointed Mercedes team mate, beaten into second place on the starting grid. Hamilton Beats Rosberg to Pole in Montreal'), (u"Dettori Savours 'Golden' Moment After Derby Glory", u"Frankie Dettori's journey back to the pinnacle of flat racing after a drugs ban and split from Godolphin was completed on Saturday when he rode his second English Derby winner as Golden Horn powered to victory at Epsom. Frankie Dettori's journey back to the pinnacle of flat racing after a drugs ban and split from Godolphin was completed on Saturday when he rode his second English Derby winner as Golden Horn powered to victory at Epsom. Dettori Savours 'Golden' Moment After Derby Glory"), (u"Blatter Should Leave Now-Germany's Football Boss", u"FIFA president Sepp Blatter should step aside quickly so that world football's governing body can move forward with urgently needed reforms, the head of Germany's football association (DFB) said on Saturday. FIFA president Sepp Blatter should step aside quickly so that world football's governing body can move forward with urgently needed reforms, the head of Germany's football association (DFB) said on Saturday. Blatter Should Leave Now-Germany's Football Boss"), (u'No Stopping Serena as She Hoists 20th Major Trophy', u'Nothing, absolutely nothing could stop Serena Williams winning her 20th grand slam singles title and the American joyously bounced around in delight as she hoisted the glistening French Open trophy on Saturday. Nothing, absolutely nothing could stop Serena Williams winning her 20th grand slam singles title and the American joyously bounced around in delight as she hoisted the glistening French Open trophy on Saturday. No Stopping Serena as She Hoists 20th Major Trophy'), (u'Williams Beats Safarova in 3 Sets at French for 20th Major', u'What started out as a stroll became quite a struggle for Serena Williams. What started out as a stroll became quite a struggle for Serena Williams. Williams Beats Safarova in 3 Sets at French for 20th Major'), (u'Farah Stands by Coach Unless Doping Accusations Confirmed', u'Double Olympic champion Mo Farah declared on Saturday he would stay with his coach Alberto Salazar unless there was clear evidence that the American was involved in doping.    Salazar was accused of administering banned substances to his athletes in... Double Olympic champion Mo Farah declared on Saturday he would stay with his coach Alberto Salazar unless there was clear evidence that the American was involved in doping.    Salazar was accused of administering banned substances to his athletes in a BBC documentary screened this week.    At a news conference on Saturday on the eve of the Birmingham Diamond League meeting 32-year-old Briton Farah said his name had been "dragged through the mud" since the allegations were aired.    "I am not leaving Alberto for the reason that I haven\'t seen any clear evidence," Farah, who won the 5,000 and 10,000 metres double at the 2012 London Games, said. "If the allegations are true then I will be the first man to leave him.    "I have not done anything but my name has been dragged through the mud. It\'s not right, not fair and I am angry. You guys are killing me. It\'s not about me it\'s about Alberto.    "I\'m a clean athlete. I\'m against drugs 100 percent and believe anyone caught should be banned."    Farah said he had spoken to Salazar on Friday night who had told him the allegations were not true.    UK athletics chief executive Niels de Vos said Salazar had assured the governing body he would respond in full to the accusations. Farah Stands by Coach Unless Doping Accusations Confirmed'), (u'Folau Hat-Trick Seals Playoff Place for Rampant NSW Waratahs', u'New South Wales Waratahs will be in the Super Rugby playoffs after a hat-trick of tries from fullback Israel Folau helped secure a 58-33 thrashing of South Africa&#8217;s Cheetahs on Saturday. New South Wales Waratahs will be in the Super Rugby playoffs after a hat-trick of tries from fullback Israel Folau helped secure a 58-33 thrashing of South Africa&#8217;s Cheetahs on Saturday. Folau Hat-Trick Seals Playoff Place for Rampant NSW Waratahs'), (u'Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole in Canadian Grand Prix', u'Hamilton, the reigning Formula One champion, took the pole in Montreal, his fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. Hamilton, the reigning Formula One champion, took the pole in Montreal, his fourth at the track and his sixth in seven races this season. Lewis Hamilton Takes Pole in Canadian Grand Prix'), (u'Murray Turning His Focus to Grass After French Open Loss', u'Andy Murray left the French Open in optimistic mood, and with the firm belief that a third Grand Slam title is not too far away. Andy Murray left the French Open in optimistic mood, and with the firm belief that a third Grand Slam title is not too far away. Murray Turning His Focus to Grass After French Open Loss'), (u'Force India to Have Revised Car for Silverstone', u'Force India will test their heavily revised Formula One car in Austria this month with a race debut scheduled for Silverstone in July, deputy team principal Bob Fernley said on Saturday. Force India will test their heavily revised Formula One car in Austria this month with a race debut scheduled for Silverstone in July, deputy team principal Bob Fernley said on Saturday. Force India to Have Revised Car for Silverstone'), (u'Forget FIFA Scandal, Fans Say Before Champions League Final', u"The thousands of Barcelona and Juventus fans streaming into Berlin's Olympic Stadium for the Champions League final later on Saturday were confident the showpiece would knock the FIFA scandal off the front pages and out of people's minds. The thousands of Barcelona and Juventus fans streaming into Berlin's Olympic Stadium for the Champions League final later on Saturday were confident the showpiece would knock the FIFA scandal off the front pages and out of people's minds. Forget FIFA Scandal, Fans Say Before Champions League Final"), (u'Paul Wins All-American Junior Final in Paris', u"Who said Americans can't play on clay? Not Tommy Paul, for sure. Who said Americans can't play on clay? Not Tommy Paul, for sure. Paul Wins All-American Junior Final in Paris"), (u"Man Who Led IOC Scandal Probe: 'It May Be Too Late for FIFA'", u"A global sports organization pummeled by a corruption scandal. The president under pressure to resign. The U.S. Justice Department and FBI leading the investigation. Sponsors clamoring for reform. A global sports organization pummeled by a corruption scandal. The president under pressure to resign. The U.S. Justice Department and FBI leading the investigation. Sponsors clamoring for reform. Man Who Led IOC Scandal Probe: 'It May Be Too Late for FIFA'"), (u"Djokovic's Armor Pierced After Bruising Battle With Murray", u"Having needed two days and treatment on his leg to beat an unrelenting Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic will start Sunday's French Open final as the hot favorite, but with his armor pierced. Having needed two days and treatment on his leg to beat an unrelenting Andy Murray, Novak Djokovic will start Sunday's French Open final as the hot favorite, but with his armor pierced. Djokovic's Armor Pierced After Bruising Battle With Murray"), (u"Murray's Honeymoon on Clay Ended by Djokovic", u"With his glinting gold wedding band looped around the black laces of his left shoe, Andy Murray had been an unstoppable force on clay this season. With his glinting gold wedding band looped around the black laces of his left shoe, Andy Murray had been an unstoppable force on clay this season. Murray's Honeymoon on Clay Ended by Djokovic"), (u'Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final', u'World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the French Open final on Saturday. World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the French Open final on Saturday. Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final'), (u'Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final', u'World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the French Open final on Saturday. World number one Novak Djokovic rediscovered a ruthless streak when it mattered most to stay on course for a career slam with a nail-biting 6-3 6-3 5-7 5-7 6-1 win over Andy Murray to reach the French Open final on Saturday. Djokovic Downs Murray to Reach French Open Final'), (u'UK Athletics Unconcerned by Salazar Doping Allegations', u"UK Athletics said on Saturday they have no concerns over the conduct or training methods of Alberto Salazar, the coach of Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah. UK Athletics said on Saturday they have no concerns over the conduct or training methods of Alberto Salazar, the coach of Britain's double Olympic champion Mo Farah. UK Athletics Unconcerned by Salazar Doping Allegations"), (u'Djokovic Tops Murray in 5 Sets to Reach French Open Final', u'Novak Djokovic squeezed his eyes shut and raised both arms, a rather reserved celebration at the conclusion of his up-and-down, two-day, five-set French Open semifinal victory over Andy Murray. Novak Djokovic squeezed his eyes shut and raised both arms, a rather reserved celebration at the conclusion of his up-and-down, two-day, five-set French Open semifinal victory over Andy Murray. Djokovic Tops Murray in 5 Sets to Reach French Open Final'), (u'U.S. Judge for FIFA Trials Is Familiar With Organized Crime Cases', u"The U.S. judge presiding over the corruption cases of indicted soccer officials may not have been able to pronounce the name of soccer's world governing body, FIFA, during a secret hearing in 2013, but he does know how to oversee a proceeding that... The U.S. judge presiding over the corruption cases of indicted soccer officials may not have been able to pronounce the name of soccer's world governing body, FIFA, during a secret hearing in 2013, but he does know how to oversee a proceeding that involves organized crime. U.S. Judge for FIFA Trials Is Familiar With Organized Crime Cases"), (u"Chiefs Book Playoffs Place, Spoil Genia's Home Farewell", u"The Waikato Chiefs sealed their place in the Super Rugby playoffs with a 24-3 demolition of the Queensland Reds in Brisbane on Saturday. The Waikato Chiefs sealed their place in the Super Rugby playoffs with a 24-3 demolition of the Queensland Reds in Brisbane on Saturday. Chiefs Book Playoffs Place, Spoil Genia's Home Farewell"), (u"American Pharoah's Date With Destiny Arrives", u"American Pharoah seeks to become the first winner of the U.S. Triple Crown in nearly four decades when he takes on seven rivals in the $1.5 million Belmont Stakes later on Saturday. American Pharoah seeks to become the first winner of the U.S. Triple Crown in nearly four decades when he takes on seven rivals in the $1.5 million Belmont Stakes later on Saturday. American Pharoah's Date With Destiny Arrives"), (u"The Latest: Dodig, Melo Win French Open Men's Doubles Title", u"8:25 p.m. 8:25 p.m. The Latest: Dodig, Melo Win French Open Men's Doubles Title"), (u'Crusaders Slim Playoff Hopes Still Alive With Win Over Blues', u'All Blacks flyhalf Dan Carter was perfect with his goal kicking and set up a try with a pin-point cross kick as the Canterbury Crusaders kept alive their slim chances of making the Super Rugby playoffs with a 34-11 win over the Auckland Blues. All Blacks flyhalf Dan Carter was perfect with his goal kicking and set up a try with a pin-point cross kick as the Canterbury Crusaders kept alive their slim chances of making the Super Rugby playoffs with a 34-11 win over the Auckland Blues. Crusaders Slim Playoff Hopes Still Alive With Win Over Blues'), (u'Rebels Edge Bulls in Thriller', u"The Melbourne Rebels ended the Bulls' playoffs hopes with a nerve-jangling 21-20 win at home on Saturday. The Melbourne Rebels ended the Bulls' playoffs hopes with a nerve-jangling 21-20 win at home on Saturday. Rebels Edge Bulls in Thriller"), (u'Matildas Out to Make a Statement in World Cup Opener', u"Australia coach Alen Stajcic thinks an upset victory in Monday's World Cup opener against the United States could be the first step on his team's path to becoming a superpower in women's football. Australia coach Alen Stajcic thinks an upset victory in Monday's World Cup opener against the United States could be the first step on his team's path to becoming a superpower in women's football. Matildas Out to Make a Statement in World Cup Opener"), (u"Dutch Fret Over Defender Vlaar's Fitness for Key Qualifier", u"Netherlands coach Guus Hiddink admitted he would be sweating through the weekend over the fitness of defender Ron Vlaar, who he hopes to have fit to play in next week's key Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia. Netherlands coach Guus Hiddink admitted he would be sweating through the weekend over the fitness of defender Ron Vlaar, who he hopes to have fit to play in next week's key Euro 2016 qualifier in Latvia. Dutch Fret Over Defender Vlaar's Fitness for Key Qualifier"), (u'Australia Turns on Football Saviour Lowy', u"Australia's failed bid for the 2022 World Cup bid left the country's football supremo Frank Lowy with a bitter grievance. Australia's failed bid for the 2022 World Cup bid left the country's football supremo Frank Lowy with a bitter grievance. Australia Turns on Football Saviour Lowy"), (u'Lightning Learn From Opening Loss, Prepare for Big Game 2', u"After surviving 21 tumultuous playoff games over the past seven weeks, the Tampa Bay Lightning weren't about to get discouraged after losing Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final. After surviving 21 tumultuous playoff games over the past seven weeks, the Tampa Bay Lightning weren't about to get discouraged after losing Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final. Lightning Learn From Opening Loss, Prepare for Big Game 2"), (u'Soccer: Young Americans Provide Example of Their Potential', u"A dramatic come from behind win for the United States in their friendly international against the Netherlands would serve as a lesson of the team's potential to its many young members, coach Jurgen Klinsmann said. A dramatic come from behind win for the United States in their friendly international against the Netherlands would serve as a lesson of the team's potential to its many young members, coach Jurgen Klinsmann said. Soccer: Young Americans Provide Example of Their Potential"), (u'LEADING OFF: Greinke vs Cards; Cole on a Roll; Norris Back', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Sunday: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Sunday: LEADING OFF: Greinke vs Cards; Cole on a Roll; Norris Back"), (u"No Matter Canada's Reaction, Leroux Primed for the World Cup", u"U.S. forward Sydney Leroux, a native of British Columbia, has no idea what the reception will be when she steps onto the field for the World Cup in Canada. U.S. forward Sydney Leroux, a native of British Columbia, has no idea what the reception will be when she steps onto the field for the World Cup in Canada. No Matter Canada's Reaction, Leroux Primed for the World Cup"), (u'Rose Surges to 3-Shot Lead at Memorial; Woods With an 85', u"The two birdies Justin Rose made at the end of the second round at the Memorial were important. Even with the whole weekend ahead of him, he realized he wouldn't have to race too hard to keep pace with the leaders. The two birdies Justin Rose made at the end of the second round at the Memorial were important. Even with the whole weekend ahead of him, he realized he wouldn't have to race too hard to keep pace with the leaders. Rose Surges to 3-Shot Lead at Memorial; Woods With an 85"), (u'Rosario Homers Twice in Rockies 10-5 Win Over Marlins', u'Wilin Rosario homered twice and Carlos Gonzalez hit a three-run shot to back the solid pitching of Chris Rusin, and the Colorado Rockies shrugged off another rain delay at Coors Field to beat the Miami Marlins 10-5 Saturday. Wilin Rosario homered twice and Carlos Gonzalez hit a three-run shot to back the solid pitching of Chris Rusin, and the Colorado Rockies shrugged off another rain delay at Coors Field to beat the Miami Marlins 10-5 Saturday. Rosario Homers Twice in Rockies 10-5 Win Over Marlins'), (u"Forsythe's Ninth-Inning HR Lifts Rays 1-0 Over Seattle", u"Logan Forsythe said what makes a difference in a close game can be just one pitch. Or one swing. Logan Forsythe said what makes a difference in a close game can be just one pitch. Or one swing. Forsythe's Ninth-Inning HR Lifts Rays 1-0 Over Seattle"), (u'Venezuela Already Looking Beyond Copa America', u"- Venezuela are the only South American team never to have played at the World Cup and coach Noel Sanvicente's sights are already fixed on Russia in 2018 rather than Chile this month. - Venezuela are the only South American team never to have played at the World Cup and coach Noel Sanvicente's sights are already fixed on Russia in 2018 rather than Chile this month. Venezuela Already Looking Beyond Copa America"), (u'Cardinals Beat Dodgers 2-1 With 2 Runs in 8th', u'Carlos Martinez outpitched Brett Anderson again during their second low-scoring duel in six days, and the St. Louis Cardinals scratched across a pair of runs in the eighth inning to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2-1 on Friday night. Carlos Martinez outpitched Brett Anderson again during their second low-scoring duel in six days, and the St. Louis Cardinals scratched across a pair of runs in the eighth inning to beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 2-1 on Friday night. Cardinals Beat Dodgers 2-1 With 2 Runs in 8th'), (u'Bleak Outlook for Ageing Peru', u'Although Peru surpassed expectations by reaching the Copa America semi-finals in 2011, any thoughts of a similar run this time around are likely to prove wildly optimistic. Although Peru surpassed expectations by reaching the Copa America semi-finals in 2011, any thoughts of a similar run this time around are likely to prove wildly optimistic. Bleak Outlook for Ageing Peru'), (u'Hellickson, Pollock Lead Diamondbacks to 7-2 Win Over Mets', u'Jeremy Hellickson pitched six solid innings for his fourth straight win, and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the New York Mets 7-2 on Friday night. Jeremy Hellickson pitched six solid innings for his fourth straight win, and the Arizona Diamondbacks beat the New York Mets 7-2 on Friday night. Hellickson, Pollock Lead Diamondbacks to 7-2 Win Over Mets'), (u'Paraguay Taking Recovery Step by Step', u'Paraguay&#8217;s challenge at the Copa America is not so much to win the trophy they came close to lifting in 2011 as to recover the lost strengths of a well organised defence and incisive counter-attack. Paraguay&#8217;s challenge at the Copa America is not so much to win the trophy they came close to lifting in 2011 as to recover the lost strengths of a well organised defence and incisive counter-attack. Paraguay Taking Recovery Step by Step'), (u'AP Sportlight', u'Compiled By PAUL MONTELLAJune 7 \n              \n                <table><tr><th>Compiled By PAUL MONTELLA</th></tr><tr><th>June 7</th></tr></table>\n              \n               AP Sportlight'), (u'This Date In Baseball', u'June 7 \n              \n                <table><tr><th>June 7</th></tr></table>\n              \n               This Date In Baseball'), (u'The Belmont, From Every Angle', u'A 360-degree view of American Pharoah winning the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown. A 360-degree view of American Pharoah winning the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown. The Belmont, From Every Angle'), (u'With First-Round Difficulties Forgotten, Blackhawks&#8217; Corey Crawford Rights Himself for the Finals', u'Crawford, Chicago&#8217;s top goalie, has recovered after being benched in three games against the Nashville Predators. Crawford, Chicago&#8217;s top goalie, has recovered after being benched in three games against the Nashville Predators. With First-Round Difficulties Forgotten, Blackhawks&#8217; Corey Crawford Rights Himself for the Finals'), (u'Braves Replace Eric Young Jr.', u'The Braves designated Young for assignment and reinstated outfielder and first baseman Joey Terdoslavich from the 15-day disabled list. The Braves designated Young for assignment and reinstated outfielder and first baseman Joey Terdoslavich from the 15-day disabled list. Braves Replace Eric Young Jr.'), (u'Buster Posey\u2019s Homer Lifts Giants', u'Posey hit the go-ahead home run in the seventh inning, helping the San Francisco Giants end a five-game skid. Posey hit the go-ahead home run in the seventh inning, helping the San Francisco Giants end a five-game skid. Buster Posey\u2019s Homer Lifts Giants'), (u'Brittney Griner Seeking Annulment', u'Griner filed papers seeking to annul her 28-day marriage to Glory Johnson. Griner filed papers seeking to annul her 28-day marriage to Glory Johnson. Brittney Griner Seeking Annulment'), (u'Woods Barely Makes Cut', u'David Lingmerth had a seven-under-par 65 at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, and a one-shot lead. Tiger Woods made the cut on the number. David Lingmerth had a seven-under-par 65 at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, and a one-shot lead. Tiger Woods made the cut on the number. Woods Barely Makes Cut'), (u'Two Rangers Have Surgery', u'Rangers defensemen Marc Staal and Dan Girardi have had ankle surgery, and the team said they should be ready for training camp. Rangers defensemen Marc Staal and Dan Girardi have had ankle surgery, and the team said they should be ready for training camp. Two Rangers Have Surgery'), (u'Isiah Thomas Era Opens With Liberty Defeating Atlanta', u'Thomas, returning to Madison Square Garden as team president, watched the New York W.N.B.A. squad win as about 20 fans protested his hiring. Thomas, returning to Madison Square Garden as team president, watched the New York W.N.B.A. squad win as about 20 fans protested his hiring. Isiah Thomas Era Opens With Liberty Defeating Atlanta'), (u'Bringing In the Righty. And the Lefty.', u'Pat Venditte was called up Friday by Oakland and pitched two scoreless innings against Boston using each hand. Pat Venditte was called up Friday by Oakland and pitched two scoreless innings against Boston using each hand. Bringing In the Righty. And the Lefty.'), (u'Life in Jeopardy as Broken Bat Hits Boston Fan', u'A woman struck in the head when Oakland\u2019s Brett Lawrie broke his bat on a groundout was carried away on a stretcher after the top of the second inning. A woman struck in the head when Oakland\u2019s Brett Lawrie broke his bat on a groundout was carried away on a stretcher after the top of the second inning. Life in Jeopardy as Broken Bat Hits Boston Fan'), (u'Daniel Murphy Heads to D.L. on Day of Losses for Mets', u'Before a defeat in Arizona, Murphy, one of the Mets\u2019 top hitters, went on the 15-day disabled list with a strained quadriceps, and Kevin Plawecki was examined for a virus. Before a defeat in Arizona, Murphy, one of the Mets\u2019 top hitters, went on the 15-day disabled list with a strained quadriceps, and Kevin Plawecki was examined for a virus. Daniel Murphy Heads to D.L. on Day of Losses for Mets'), (u'Yankees Survive a Six-Run Rally by the Angels ', u'Trailing by 8-1 in the ninth inning, the Angels scored six runs to turn a blowout into a close loss at Yankee Stadium. Trailing by 8-1 in the ninth inning, the Angels scored six runs to turn a blowout into a close loss at Yankee Stadium. Yankees Survive a Six-Run Rally by the Angels '), (u'The Belmont Draw', u'Post positions for Saturday\u2019s 147th running of the Belmont Stakes. Post positions for Saturday\u2019s 147th running of the Belmont Stakes. The Belmont Draw'), (u'Caught Between Fresh Horses and Triple Crown Tradition', u'The effect on racing of fresh horses spoiling Triple Crown bids is a problem seeking an answer in an industry fighting for relevance. The effect on racing of fresh horses spoiling Triple Crown bids is a problem seeking an answer in an industry fighting for relevance. Caught Between Fresh Horses and Triple Crown Tradition'), (u'Women\u2019s World Cup 2015: Door Opens for 24 Teams', u'Eight first-time entrants join the Women&#8217;s World Cup field this year, and the days of one or two dominant teams are long gone. Eight first-time entrants join the Women&#8217;s World Cup field this year, and the days of one or two dominant teams are long gone. Women\u2019s World Cup 2015: Door Opens for 24 Teams'), (u'Serena Williams\u2019s Grand Slam March', u'A look at some of the numbers in Williams\u2019s remarkable 18-year career at Grand Slam events. A look at some of the numbers in Williams\u2019s remarkable 18-year career at Grand Slam events. Serena Williams\u2019s Grand Slam March'), (u'Pulses Are Zooming, and Opinions Are Flying', u'Everyone seems to have an opinion on whether American Pharoah will become the 12th thoroughbred to sweep the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes. Everyone seems to have an opinion on whether American Pharoah will become the 12th thoroughbred to sweep the Kentucky Derby, the Preakness Stakes and the Belmont Stakes. Pulses Are Zooming, and Opinions Are Flying'), (u'Pistons Hire Agent Arn Tellem as a Front Office Executive ', u'The high-profile agent will be vice chairman of Palace Sports and Entertainment, which includes operating as a liaison to the Detroit-area community. The high-profile agent will be vice chairman of Palace Sports and Entertainment, which includes operating as a liaison to the Detroit-area community. Pistons Hire Agent Arn Tellem as a Front Office Executive '), (u'A Money Horse', u'The rich could get much richer if American Pharoah, who has banked $3,730,300 for Zayat Stables can earn the winner\u2019s share of $800,000. The rich could get much richer if American Pharoah, who has banked $3,730,300 for Zayat Stables can earn the winner\u2019s share of $800,000. A Money Horse'), (u'Player Ratings: Netherlands (3) vs. United States (4)', u'Player ratings for the United States national team in Friday\u2019s 4-3 win against the Netherlands in Amsterdam. Player ratings for the United States national team in Friday\u2019s 4-3 win against the Netherlands in Amsterdam. Player Ratings: Netherlands (3) vs. United States (4)'), (u'Kyrie Irving Out of N.B.A. Finals With Broken Kneecap, Cavaliers Say', u'The injury, which Irving is expected to take three to four months to recover from, ended his season. The injury, which Irving is expected to take three to four months to recover from, ended his season. Kyrie Irving Out of N.B.A. Finals With Broken Kneecap, Cavaliers Say'), (u'Corruption in FIFA? Its Auditors Saw None', u'Despite longstanding suspicion of corruption, FIFA has received a clean bill of financial health for 16 consecutive years from KPMG, one of the world\u2019s top auditing, accounting and consulting firms. Despite longstanding suspicion of corruption, FIFA has received a clean bill of financial health for 16 consecutive years from KPMG, one of the world\u2019s top auditing, accounting and consulting firms. Corruption in FIFA? Its Auditors Saw None'), (u'French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Beats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to Advance to Final', u'Wawrinka, the eighth-seeded Swiss player, advanced to his first final at Roland Garros with a 6-3, 6-7 (1), 7-6 (3), 6-4 win over France\u2019s Tsonga. Wawrinka, the eighth-seeded Swiss player, advanced to his first final at Roland Garros with a 6-3, 6-7 (1), 7-6 (3), 6-4 win over France\u2019s Tsonga. French Open 2015: Stan Wawrinka Beats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga to Advance to Final'), (u'LeBron James Misses, and a Sense of Destiny Evaporates', u'James, tightly guarded by Andre Iguodala with the score tied near the end of Game 1, made a potentially costly decision in opting for a long jumper instead of driving to the basket. James, tightly guarded by Andre Iguodala with the score tied near the end of Game 1, made a potentially costly decision in opting for a long jumper instead of driving to the basket. LeBron James Misses, and a Sense of Destiny Evaporates'), (u'Champions League Final Is Latest Moment in Spotlight for Olympiastadion', u'The massive stadium, which was built for the 1936 Olympics, has hosted N.F.L. Europe, the World Cup, exhibition baseball and much more. The massive stadium, which was built for the 1936 Olympics, has hosted N.F.L. Europe, the World Cup, exhibition baseball and much more. Champions League Final Is Latest Moment in Spotlight for Olympiastadion'), (u'Every Lash of a Whip Adds to Urgency for Its Critics', u'Riding crops used by jockeys to spur racehorses have been the center of much discussion over many years, one that still continues despite restrictions. Riding crops used by jockeys to spur racehorses have been the center of much discussion over many years, one that still continues despite restrictions. Every Lash of a Whip Adds to Urgency for Its Critics'), (u'\u2018And Down the Stretch They Come!\u2019 (All Rights Reserved)', u'From horse racing to basketball, announcers have often sought copyright protection for their signature calls. From horse racing to basketball, announcers have often sought copyright protection for their signature calls. \u2018And Down the Stretch They Come!\u2019 (All Rights Reserved)'), (u'Turn-Ons: Peppermints, Cool Breezes. Turnoffs: Mares Who Move Too Fast.', u'American Pharoah\u2019s sire, Pioneerof the Nile, is a picky stallion, but his breeding fees could soar if his offspring wins the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown. American Pharoah\u2019s sire, Pioneerof the Nile, is a picky stallion, but his breeding fees could soar if his offspring wins the Belmont Stakes and the Triple Crown. Turn-Ons: Peppermints, Cool Breezes. Turnoffs: Mares Who Move Too Fast.'), (u'Gold Cup Gets Priority for Second-String Mexico', u'Mexico have been invited to take part in the Copa America as guests since 1993 and on many occasions their presence, if somewhat incongruous, has helped beef up the tournament. Mexico have been invited to take part in the Copa America as guests since 1993 and on many occasions their presence, if somewhat incongruous, has helped beef up the tournament. Gold Cup Gets Priority for Second-String Mexico'), (u'Reggae Boyz Must Revive Spirit of Indomitable Lions', u'Jamaica enjoyed their finest footballing hour when they qualified for the 1998 World Cup in France to become the first English-speaking Caribbean country to play in the showpiece tournament. Jamaica enjoyed their finest footballing hour when they qualified for the 1998 World Cup in France to become the first English-speaking Caribbean country to play in the showpiece tournament. Reggae Boyz Must Revive Spirit of Indomitable Lions'), (u'Garcia Hit With Bases Full, White Sox Beat Tigers 4-3 in 11', u'Alex Wilson hit Avisail Garcia with a with a pitch when the bases were loaded in the 11th inning, and the Chicago White Sox handed the Detroit Tigers their eighth straight loss, 4-3 on Friday night. Alex Wilson hit Avisail Garcia with a with a pitch when the bases were loaded in the 11th inning, and the Chicago White Sox handed the Detroit Tigers their eighth straight loss, 4-3 on Friday night. Garcia Hit With Bases Full, White Sox Beat Tigers 4-3 in 11'), (u'Ecuador Need to Reunite After Recriminations', u'Ecuador need to reunite and get over the recriminations which followed their disappointing World Cup performance last year if they improve on a shocking recent record at the Copa America. Ecuador need to reunite and get over the recriminations which followed their disappointing World Cup performance last year if they improve on a shocking recent record at the Copa America. Ecuador Need to Reunite After Recriminations'), (u'Crafton Wins Truck Race at Texas Again, Holds Off Suarez', u'Matt Crafton was having a blast racing side-by-side with hard-charging Daniel Saurez after two late restarts. Matt Crafton was having a blast racing side-by-side with hard-charging Daniel Saurez after two late restarts. Crafton Wins Truck Race at Texas Again, Holds Off Suarez'), (u'Colombia Capable of Serious Challenge for Title', u"If Colombia can keep up the momentum from last year's World Cup they could challenge favourites Brazil and Argentina and hosts Chile for the 2015 Copa America and add to their only title won on home soil in 2001. If Colombia can keep up the momentum from last year's World Cup they could challenge favourites Brazil and Argentina and hosts Chile for the 2015 Copa America and add to their only title won on home soil in 2001. Colombia Capable of Serious Challenge for Title"), (u'Walker, Marte Hit Homers as Hot Pirates Top Braves 10-8', u'Neil Walker and Starling Marte homered, and the streaking Pittsburgh Pirates held off the Atlanta Braves 10-8 on Friday night. Neil Walker and Starling Marte homered, and the streaking Pittsburgh Pirates held off the Atlanta Braves 10-8 on Friday night. Walker, Marte Hit Homers as Hot Pirates Top Braves 10-8'), (u"Venable Hits First of Padres' 3 Homers in 6-2 Win Over Reds", u"Will Venable hit the first of San Diego's three solo homers on Friday night, taking advantage of Jon Moscot's shaky debut, and the Padres pulled away to a 6-2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds in a rain-delayed game. Will Venable hit the first of San Diego's three solo homers on Friday night, taking advantage of Jon Moscot's shaky debut, and the Padres pulled away to a 6-2 victory over the Cincinnati Reds in a rain-delayed game. Venable Hits First of Padres' 3 Homers in 6-2 Win Over Reds"), (u'Chile in Better Shape Than at World Cup-Coach', u'Chile&#8217;s golden generation, inspired by Alexis Sanchez and Arturo Vidal, have a great opportunity to win the country&#8217;s first Copa America title in the tournament they are hosting. Chile&#8217;s golden generation, inspired by Alexis Sanchez and Arturo Vidal, have a great opportunity to win the country&#8217;s first Copa America title in the tournament they are hosting. Chile in Better Shape Than at World Cup-Coach'), (u"Lind's Big Night Sparks Brewers in 10-5 Win Over Twins", u"Adam Lind hit a three-run homer among his three hits and drove in six runs to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10-5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night. Adam Lind hit a three-run homer among his three hits and drove in six runs to lift the Milwaukee Brewers to a 10-5 victory over the Minnesota Twins on Friday night. Lind's Big Night Sparks Brewers in 10-5 Win Over Twins"), (u'Rangers Rookie Gonzalez Shuts Out Royals on 3 Hits, 4-0', u'The next run Chi Chi Gonzalez gives up in the majors will be his first. The next run Chi Chi Gonzalez gives up in the majors will be his first. Rangers Rookie Gonzalez Shuts Out Royals on 3 Hits, 4-0'), (u'Dunga Aims to Get Brazil Back to Winning Ways', u'Brazil come into the Copa America desperate to regain some international credibility a year after they failed so miserably in their home World Cup. Brazil come into the Copa America desperate to regain some international credibility a year after they failed so miserably in their home World Cup. Dunga Aims to Get Brazil Back to Winning Ways'), (u'A-Rod 4 Hits, Moves Up Career Lists as Yanks Hold Off Angels', u'Alex Rodriguez moved past Barry Bonds for second place on the career RBIs list and got four hits Friday night as the New York Yankees built a huge lead, then scrambled to hold off the Los Angeles Angels 8-7 for their fourth straight victory. Alex Rodriguez moved past Barry Bonds for second place on the career RBIs list and got four hits Friday night as the New York Yankees built a huge lead, then scrambled to hold off the Los Angeles Angels 8-7 for their fourth straight victory. A-Rod 4 Hits, Moves Up Career Lists as Yanks Hold Off Angels'), (u"Oceania's Battle to Be Heard Boosted by U-20 World Cup Wins", u"Maiden wins for New Zealand and Fiji in the under-20 World Cup can only be good for Oceania football in the long-term, according to New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley. Maiden wins for New Zealand and Fiji in the under-20 World Cup can only be good for Oceania football in the long-term, according to New Zealand coach Darren Bazeley. Oceania's Battle to Be Heard Boosted by U-20 World Cup Wins"), (u"Chaotic Preparations Add to Bolivia's Worries", u"Bolivia have not won a match at any of the last five Copa America tournaments and the chaotic events of the last few months have only added to the feeling that they are in line for another early exit. Bolivia have not won a match at any of the last five Copa America tournaments and the chaotic events of the last few months have only added to the feeling that they are in line for another early exit. Chaotic Preparations Add to Bolivia's Worries"), (u"Messi Dreams of Ending Argentina's 22-Year Wait", u"Lionel Messi&#8217;s Argentina will attempt to end a 22-year wait for a major title by adding the Copa America to the remarkable array of trophies the little maestro has won with Barcelona. Lionel Messi&#8217;s Argentina will attempt to end a 22-year wait for a major title by adding the Copa America to the remarkable array of trophies the little maestro has won with Barcelona. Messi Dreams of Ending Argentina's 22-Year Wait"), (u'New Zealand and Netherlands Clash for First World Cup Win', u"Canada and China will provide the main event when they kickoff the Women's World Cup on Saturday but the Netherlands and New Zealand will provide an intriguing nightcap to opening day. Canada and China will provide the main event when they kickoff the Women's World Cup on Saturday but the Netherlands and New Zealand will provide an intriguing nightcap to opening day. New Zealand and Netherlands Clash for First World Cup Win"), (u"Posey's Homer Helps Giants to 5-4 Win Over Phillies", u"The Giants' offense gave Tim Lincecum plenty of support. The Phillies gave him some help, too. The Giants' offense gave Tim Lincecum plenty of support. The Phillies gave him some help, too. Posey's Homer Helps Giants to 5-4 Win Over Phillies"), (u'Wieters, Jones Lead Orioles Past Indians 5-2', u'Matt Wieters knows how to complete a comeback. Matt Wieters knows how to complete a comeback. Wieters, Jones Lead Orioles Past Indians 5-2'), (u'Antron Brown Leads Top Fuel Qualifying', u'Points leader Antron Brown led Top Fuel qualifying Friday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park. Points leader Antron Brown led Top Fuel qualifying Friday in the Toyota NHRA Summernationals at Old Bridge Township Raceway Park. Antron Brown Leads Top Fuel Qualifying'), (u'Sanchez Pitches Into 9th Inning, Blue Jays Beat Astros 6-2', u'Aaron Sanchez pitched into the ninth inning, Jose Reyes and Jose Bautista each hit a two-run homer, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Houston 6-2 on Friday night to end a seven-game losing streak against the Astros. Aaron Sanchez pitched into the ninth inning, Jose Reyes and Jose Bautista each hit a two-run homer, and the Toronto Blue Jays beat Houston 6-2 on Friday night to end a seven-game losing streak against the Astros. Sanchez Pitches Into 9th Inning, Blue Jays Beat Astros 6-2'), (u"Ambidextrous A's Pitcher Makes Debut in Red Sox's Win", u"The Athletics and Red Sox came to a stop while a woman was treated for life-threatening injuries after she was struck by a broken bat that flew into the stands. The Athletics and Red Sox came to a stop while a woman was treated for life-threatening injuries after she was struck by a broken bat that flew into the stands. Ambidextrous A's Pitcher Makes Debut in Red Sox's Win"), (u"American Pharoah Has 'Monster' Workout, Says Baffert", u"Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert could hardly contain his elation over the final workout by Triple Crown hopeful American Pharoah before Saturday's $1.5 million Belmont Stakes. Hall of Fame trainer Bob Baffert could hardly contain his elation over the final workout by Triple Crown hopeful American Pharoah before Saturday's $1.5 million Belmont Stakes. American Pharoah Has 'Monster' Workout, Says Baffert"), (u"FIFA May Be Embroiled in Scandal but Its Women's World Cup Set to Be Hit With Fans", u"With a bribery scandal enveloping FIFA it might seem like a bad time for soccer's governing body to hold the Women's World Cup in Canada - even more so given indictments last week included  top officials from the North American and Caribbean region... With a bribery scandal enveloping FIFA it might seem like a bad time for soccer's governing body to hold the Women's World Cup in Canada - even more so given indictments last week included  top officials from the North American and Caribbean region on corruption charges.  FIFA May Be Embroiled in Scandal but Its Women's World Cup Set to Be Hit With Fans"), (u'Cotto Puts Middleweight Belt on Line vs. Geale', u"There might be as many questions to answer in Saturday night's WBC middleweight title fight as there will be punches thrown. There might be as many questions to answer in Saturday night's WBC middleweight title fight as there will be punches thrown. Cotto Puts Middleweight Belt on Line vs. Geale"), (u'Golf Capsules', u'David Lingmerth took a step toward turning his game around with a 7-under 65 at the Memorial on Friday. It gave the Swede a one-shot lead going into a weekend that includes Tiger Woods. David Lingmerth took a step toward turning his game around with a 7-under 65 at the Memorial on Friday. It gave the Swede a one-shot lead going into a weekend that includes Tiger Woods. Golf Capsules'), (u'Pettersen Moves Joint Top at LPGA Classic', u"Suzann Pettersen signaled that her game is in great shape for the second women's major of the year next week as she charged into a tie for the second-round lead at the Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario on Friday. Suzann Pettersen signaled that her game is in great shape for the second women's major of the year next week as she charged into a tie for the second-round lead at the Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario on Friday. Pettersen Moves Joint Top at LPGA Classic"), (u'Focus on Field With Canada, China Set for Cup Opener', u"Nearly all the tickets have been sold and all the boxes ticked as Canada wrapped up their final training session on Friday, declaring the team ready to take on China in the opening match of the Women's World Cup. Nearly all the tickets have been sold and all the boxes ticked as Canada wrapped up their final training session on Friday, declaring the team ready to take on China in the opening match of the Women's World Cup. Focus on Field With Canada, China Set for Cup Opener"), (u'Chicharito Calm About His Club Future', u'Mexican international striker Javier Hernandez says he is calm about his future, even if he does not know what Manchester United are planning for him after his loan to Real Madrid expired at the end of the season. Mexican international striker Javier Hernandez says he is calm about his future, even if he does not know what Manchester United are planning for him after his loan to Real Madrid expired at the end of the season. Chicharito Calm About His Club Future'), (u'Power on Pole in Texas, Where IndyCar Hopes to Stay Grounded', u'Ryan Hunter-Reay was about halfway through the first practice session at the high-banked, high-speed Texas Motor Speedway when his car got loose in Turn 2. Ryan Hunter-Reay was about halfway through the first practice session at the high-banked, high-speed Texas Motor Speedway when his car got loose in Turn 2. Power on Pole in Texas, Where IndyCar Hopes to Stay Grounded'), (u'Pettersen, Uribe Lead in Manulife LPGA Classic', u'Suzann Pettersen shot a 7-under 65 on Friday for a share of the second-round lead with Mariajo Uribe in the Manulife LPGA Classic. Suzann Pettersen shot a 7-under 65 on Friday for a share of the second-round lead with Mariajo Uribe in the Manulife LPGA Classic. Pettersen, Uribe Lead in Manulife LPGA Classic'), (u'Cameron to Seek G7 Action to Fight Corruption', u'Prime Minister David Cameron will tell G7 leaders on Sunday that FIFA\'s corruption scandal offers an opportunity to tackle the broader "cancer" of corruption globally. Prime Minister David Cameron will tell G7 leaders on Sunday that FIFA\'s corruption scandal offers an opportunity to tackle the broader "cancer" of corruption globally. Cameron to Seek G7 Action to Fight Corruption'), (u'Billy Andrade, Jose Coceres Share Champions Tour Lead', u"Billy Andrade and Argentina's Jose Coceres share the first-round lead at 6-under 66 on Friday in the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic. Billy Andrade and Argentina's Jose Coceres share the first-round lead at 6-under 66 on Friday in the Champions Tour's Principal Charity Classic. Billy Andrade, Jose Coceres Share Champions Tour Lead"), (u'Stanley Cup Goalies Have Had Their Ups and Downs in Playoffs', u"No team wins Stanley Cup without reliable goaltending, so Tampa Bay's Ben Bishop finds it laughable when he reads or hears criticism about Chicago's Corey Crawford. No team wins Stanley Cup without reliable goaltending, so Tampa Bay's Ben Bishop finds it laughable when he reads or hears criticism about Chicago's Corey Crawford. Stanley Cup Goalies Have Had Their Ups and Downs in Playoffs"), (u'While Other Sun Belt Clubs Falter, Tampa Is a Hockey Town', u'Phil Esposito swells with parental pride when he sees the Tampa Bay Lightning chasing the Stanley Cup in an arena largely packed with Florida fans who have converted to his beloved game. Phil Esposito swells with parental pride when he sees the Tampa Bay Lightning chasing the Stanley Cup in an arena largely packed with Florida fans who have converted to his beloved game. While Other Sun Belt Clubs Falter, Tampa Is a Hockey Town'), (u'Kurt Busch Wins Pole in Abbreviated Pocono Qualifying', u"Kurt Busch survived NASCAR's version of bump day to beat the clock and the rest of the field. Kurt Busch survived NASCAR's version of bump day to beat the clock and the rest of the field. Kurt Busch Wins Pole in Abbreviated Pocono Qualifying"), (u"Ireland's FA Says Sepp Blatter Mockery a Factor in Payout", u"FIFA President Sepp Blatter's public mockery of a confidential Irish request to be added as the 33rd team in the 2010 World Cup helped trigger a controversial 5 million euro payout, the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) said on Friday. FIFA President Sepp Blatter's public mockery of a confidential Irish request to be added as the 33rd team in the 2010 World Cup helped trigger a controversial 5 million euro payout, the Football Association of Ireland (FAI) said on Friday. Ireland's FA Says Sepp Blatter Mockery a Factor in Payout"), (u'Scotland Fans Go Easy on Qatar but Amnesty Up the Heat', u'"Love sport,&#160;love human rights," was the message plastered across the  Amnesty International placards greeting fans arriving for Scotland\'s 1-0 win over embattled 2022 World Cup hosts Qatar in a friendly on Friday. "Love sport,&#160;love human rights," was the message plastered across the  Amnesty International placards greeting fans arriving for Scotland\'s 1-0 win over embattled 2022 World Cup hosts Qatar in a friendly on Friday. Scotland Fans Go Easy on Qatar but Amnesty Up the Heat'), (u'AP Interview: Thomas Ready for WNBA Season to Start', u'Isiah Thomas understood he would have many detractors when he agreed last month to become president and a potential partial-owner of the New York Liberty. He hopes the extra scrutiny will lead to more interest in his new team. Isiah Thomas understood he would have many detractors when he agreed last month to become president and a potential partial-owner of the New York Liberty. He hopes the extra scrutiny will lead to more interest in his new team. AP Interview: Thomas Ready for WNBA Season to Start'), (u'F1 Offers Ferrari Boss Food for Thought', u'Cutting edge or chopping board? The current state of Formula One looks a lot like MasterChef to Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene. Cutting edge or chopping board? The current state of Formula One looks a lot like MasterChef to Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene. F1 Offers Ferrari Boss Food for Thought'), (u'Penske Power at Texas Qualifying, All 4 Drivers in Top 5', u'Will Power is starting on the pole at Texas for the third year in a row, and three of his fellow Team Penske drivers are close to him. Will Power is starting on the pole at Texas for the third year in a row, and three of his fellow Team Penske drivers are close to him. Penske Power at Texas Qualifying, All 4 Drivers in Top 5'), (u'Earnhardt Aiming for 3rd Straight Pocono Raceway Victory', u'Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Steve Letarte were as much a comedy team around the garage as they were championship contenders last season. Dale Earnhardt Jr. and Steve Letarte were as much a comedy team around the garage as they were championship contenders last season. Earnhardt Aiming for 3rd Straight Pocono Raceway Victory'), (u'Cavs Without Injured Irving for Rest of Finals', u"The Cleveland Cavaliers' title hopes were dealt a severe blow on Friday when their All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving was ruled out for the rest of the NBA Finals with a fractured knee. The Cleveland Cavaliers' title hopes were dealt a severe blow on Friday when their All-Star point guard Kyrie Irving was ruled out for the rest of the NBA Finals with a fractured knee. Cavs Without Injured Irving for Rest of Finals"), (u'U.S. Snatch Late Double to Beat Dutch 4-3 in Friendly', u"The United States fought back from 3-1 down to beat the Netherlands 4-3 in an exciting friendly thanks to goals by substitutes Daniel Williams and Bobby Wood in the final two minutes on Friday.    Williams' shot from the edge of the area, after a... The United States fought back from 3-1 down to beat the Netherlands 4-3 in an exciting friendly thanks to goals by substitutes Daniel Williams and Bobby Wood in the final two minutes on Friday.    Williams' shot from the edge of the area, after a clearance from a corner, took a wicked deflection for an 88th minute equalizer before Wood tapped home 60 seconds later after a swift counter attack set up by inspirational captain Michael Bradley.     U.S. Snatch Late Double to Beat Dutch 4-3 in Friendly"), (u'Late Goals by Williams, Wood Lead US Over Netherlands 4-3', u"The United States had been 0-4 against the Netherlands and had just given up a pair of second-half goals, keeping up the pattern of defensive mistakes that has plagued the Americans since last year's World Cup. The United States had been 0-4 against the Netherlands and had just given up a pair of second-half goals, keeping up the pattern of defensive mistakes that has plagued the Americans since last year's World Cup. Late Goals by Williams, Wood Lead US Over Netherlands 4-3"), (u'Djokovic-Murray Kept Hanging for Final Date With Wawrinka', u"Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray's French Open final hopes were on a knife edge on Friday after a thunderstorm left the pair facing an uneasy night wondering who will face Swiss Stan Wawrinka in Sunday's showpiece contest. Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray's French Open final hopes were on a knife edge on Friday after a thunderstorm left the pair facing an uneasy night wondering who will face Swiss Stan Wawrinka in Sunday's showpiece contest. Djokovic-Murray Kept Hanging for Final Date With Wawrinka"), (u'Yay or Neigh: Would a Triple Crown Help or Hurt Racing?', u'Will the long, long wait finally end in the Belmont Stakes on Saturday? Will the long, long wait finally end in the Belmont Stakes on Saturday? Yay or Neigh: Would a Triple Crown Help or Hurt Racing?'), (u"A's Call Up Switch-Handed Pitcher Venditte From Triple-A", u"Pat Venditte took his warmup pitches in his major league debut with his right arm. And his left. Pat Venditte took his warmup pitches in his major league debut with his right arm. And his left. A's Call Up Switch-Handed Pitcher Venditte From Triple-A"), (u'Djokovic Shaken by Resilient Murray as Storm Halts Play', u"What looked like a stroll into the French Open final turned into an uphill battle for Novak Djokovic as the world number one's stranglehold on Friday's duel with Andy Murray was loosened by a determined fightback from the third seed. What looked like a stroll into the French Open final turned into an uphill battle for Novak Djokovic as the world number one's stranglehold on Friday's duel with Andy Murray was loosened by a determined fightback from the third seed.   Djokovic Shaken by Resilient Murray as Storm Halts Play"), (u'Dufner Sizzles, Lingmerth Takes Memorial Lead', u'American Jason Dufner provided the fireworks, going birdie-eagle-ace, but it was fast-finishing Swede David Lingmerth who seized the lead in the second round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, on Friday. American Jason Dufner provided the fireworks, going birdie-eagle-ace, but it was fast-finishing Swede David Lingmerth who seized the lead in the second round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, on Friday. Dufner Sizzles, Lingmerth Takes Memorial Lead'), (u'Column: Triple Crown Should Remain Toughest Feat in Sports', u'Imagine Usain Bolt having to beat a bunch of well-rested runners in every heat to capture an Olympic gold medal. Imagine Usain Bolt having to beat a bunch of well-rested runners in every heat to capture an Olympic gold medal. Column: Triple Crown Should Remain Toughest Feat in Sports'), (u'Wawrinka Faces Boos Again at the French Open', u'As if playing Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in the French Open final was not a tough enough task, Stan Wawrinka will probably have to deal with a hostile Roland Garros crowd on Sunday. As if playing Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in the French Open final was not a tough enough task, Stan Wawrinka will probably have to deal with a hostile Roland Garros crowd on Sunday. Wawrinka Faces Boos Again at the French Open'), (u'F1: Hamilton Fastest in 1st Practice, Skids Out in 2nd', u"The track curved 180 degrees to the right but Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes kept going straight, skidding slowly into the safety barrier. The track curved 180 degrees to the right but Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes kept going straight, skidding slowly into the safety barrier. F1: Hamilton Fastest in 1st Practice, Skids Out in 2nd"), (u'Wawrinka Faces Boos Again at the French Open', u'As if playing Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in the French Open final was not a tough enough task, Stan Wawrinka will probably have to deal with a hostile Roland Garros crowd on Sunday. As if playing Novak Djokovic or Andy Murray in the French Open final was not a tough enough task, Stan Wawrinka will probably have to deal with a hostile Roland Garros crowd on Sunday. Wawrinka Faces Boos Again at the French Open'), (u'Hunter-Reay Crashes at Texas, Indy Car Stays Grounded', u'Ryan Hunter-Reay crashed Friday in the first IndyCar Series practice at Texas since changes were made to keep the cars from going airborne. Ryan Hunter-Reay crashed Friday in the first IndyCar Series practice at Texas since changes were made to keep the cars from going airborne. Hunter-Reay Crashes at Texas, Indy Car Stays Grounded'), (u'Swiss Authorities Say Seized Documents From Sports Agency in FIFA Probe', u'Swiss authorities said on Friday they seized documents from a defunct sports rights marketing agency roughly 50 kilometers east of Zurich on the same day as they seized data and documents at FIFA linked to the allocation of the next two World Cups. Swiss authorities said on Friday they seized documents from a defunct sports rights marketing agency roughly 50 kilometers east of Zurich on the same day as they seized data and documents at FIFA linked to the allocation of the next two World Cups. Swiss Authorities Say Seized Documents From Sports Agency in FIFA Probe'), (u'Williams Still Ill Day Before French Final Against Safarova', u"There are two key questions going into the French Open women's final Saturday between Serena Williams and Lucie Safarova. There are two key questions going into the French Open women's final Saturday between Serena Williams and Lucie Safarova. Williams Still Ill Day Before French Final Against Safarova"), (u'Djokovic-Murray French Semi to Resume on Saturday', u'The completion of the French Open semi-final between Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray has been delayed until Saturday after the match was interrupted by a storm on Friday, organisers said. The completion of the French Open semi-final between Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray has been delayed until Saturday after the match was interrupted by a storm on Friday, organisers said. Djokovic-Murray French Semi to Resume on Saturday'), (u"Neymar Hoping to Make an Impact in 'Dream Final'", u"When Barcelona thrashed Santos 4-0 in the Club World Cup final in Japan in 2011, then-Santos forward Neymar admitted the Brazilians had been taught a humbling footballing lesson. When Barcelona thrashed Santos 4-0 in the Club World Cup final in Japan in 2011, then-Santos forward Neymar admitted the Brazilians had been taught a humbling footballing lesson. Neymar Hoping to Make an Impact in 'Dream Final'"), (u'Blatter Should Quit FIFA Now, Says Old Foe Johansson', u"Sepp Blatter should leave FIFA immediately because he must have known about the $10 million (&#163;6.5 million) payment sent to the disgraced Jack Warner from a FIFA account, Blatter's old foe and former UEFA chief Lennart Johansson said on Friday. Sepp Blatter should leave FIFA immediately because he must have known about the $10 million (&#163;6.5 million) payment sent to the disgraced Jack Warner from a FIFA account, Blatter's old foe and former UEFA chief Lennart Johansson said on Friday. Blatter Should Quit FIFA Now, Says Old Foe Johansson"), (u'Swiss Authorities Say Seized Documents From Sports Agency in FIFA Probe', u'Swiss authorities said on Friday they seized documents from a defunct sports rights marketing agency roughly 50 kilometres east of Zurich on the same day as they seized data and documents at FIFA linked to the allocation of the next two World Cups. Swiss authorities said on Friday they seized documents from a defunct sports rights marketing agency roughly 50 kilometres east of Zurich on the same day as they seized data and documents at FIFA linked to the allocation of the next two World Cups. Swiss Authorities Say Seized Documents From Sports Agency in FIFA Probe'), (u'Things to Know for Triple Crown Try in Belmont Stakes', u"The Triple Crown trail ends with the Belmont Stakes, and it's finished in heartbreak for 13 horses whose Triple tries were foiled since 1979. The Triple Crown trail ends with the Belmont Stakes, and it's finished in heartbreak for 13 horses whose Triple tries were foiled since 1979. Things to Know for Triple Crown Try in Belmont Stakes"), (u'Amateur Kinhult Keeps Share of Lead at Nordea Masters', u'Amateur golfer Marcus Kinhult of Sweden held on to a share of the lead of the Nordea Masters after a 4-under 68 in the second round Friday. Amateur golfer Marcus Kinhult of Sweden held on to a share of the lead of the Nordea Masters after a 4-under 68 in the second round Friday. Amateur Kinhult Keeps Share of Lead at Nordea Masters'), (u"Analysis-Europe's Football Body Gloats at FIFA's Fall but Has Its Own Critics", u"European football's governing body UEFA has long led the opposition to the global game's boss Sepp Blatter, so it's no surprise that its officials have taken the moral high ground as corruption scandals brought the FIFA president down. European football's governing body UEFA has long led the opposition to the global game's boss Sepp Blatter, so it's no surprise that its officials have taken the moral high ground as corruption scandals brought the FIFA president down. Analysis-Europe's Football Body Gloats at FIFA's Fall but Has Its Own Critics"), (u'Berlusconi Milan Stake Earmarked for Sale Worth 470 Million Euros-Source', u"The value of the 48 percent stake in former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's AC Milan soccer club that is earmarked to be sold could be around 470 million euros (&#163;342 million), a source familiar with the matter said on Friday. The value of the 48 percent stake in former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's AC Milan soccer club that is earmarked to be sold could be around 470 million euros (&#163;342 million), a source familiar with the matter said on Friday. Berlusconi Milan Stake Earmarked for Sale Worth 470 Million Euros-Source"), (u'Everton to Sign Midfielder Cleverley on Free Transfer', u'Everton have agreed to sign England midfielder Tom Cleverley on a five-year deal when his Manchester United contract expires on July 1, the Premier League club said on Friday. Everton have agreed to sign England midfielder Tom Cleverley on a five-year deal when his Manchester United contract expires on July 1, the Premier League club said on Friday.   Everton to Sign Midfielder Cleverley on Free Transfer'), (u'Fiat Chrysler CEO Says Ferrari Share Listing Will Be After October 12', u'A planned initial public offering of luxury sports car maker Ferrari will not happen before Oct. 12, its owner Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said, adding the delay was due to tax issues. A planned initial public offering of luxury sports car maker Ferrari will not happen before Oct. 12, its owner Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said, adding the delay was due to tax issues. Fiat Chrysler CEO Says Ferrari Share Listing Will Be After October 12'), (u'Heysel Memory 30 Years on Is Motivation for Juve', u'Remembering the dozens of mainly Italian victims who died 30 years ago at the European Cup final is a strong motivation for Juventus as they prepare to face Barcelona in the Champions League final on Saturday. Remembering the dozens of mainly Italian victims who died 30 years ago at the European Cup final is a strong motivation for Juventus as they prepare to face Barcelona in the Champions League final on Saturday. Heysel Memory 30 Years on Is Motivation for Juve'), (u'FIFA Hires Ex-U.S. Prosecutor as Its Lawyer in Bribery Probe', u"World soccer's governing body FIFA has hired a former New York prosecutor to represent it as senior officials face bribery and corruption charges in a U.S. court, a person familiar with the matter said. World soccer's governing body FIFA has hired a former New York prosecutor to represent it as senior officials face bribery and corruption charges in a U.S. court, a person familiar with the matter said. FIFA Hires Ex-U.S. Prosecutor as Its Lawyer in Bribery Probe"), (u'FIFA Leads the Field on Pay', u"Soccer's international administrators, like players on the field, are collecting salaries that outstrip most of their peers in other sports, and no less so than at FIFA, annual accounts from governing bodies show. Soccer's international administrators, like players on the field, are collecting salaries that outstrip most of their peers in other sports, and no less so than at FIFA, annual accounts from governing bodies show. FIFA Leads the Field on Pay"), (u'Iguodala a Towering Presence for Warriors in Game One', u"While Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson led the Golden State Warriors in scoring during a gripping win over the Cleveland Cavaliers in the opener to the NBA Finals, reserve Andre Iguodala was the team's unsung hero. While Stephen Curry and Klay Thompson led the Golden State Warriors in scoring during a gripping win over the Cleveland Cavaliers in the opener to the NBA Finals, reserve Andre Iguodala was the team's unsung hero. Iguodala a Towering Presence for Warriors in Game One"), (u"Champions League Final Has Exceeded Juve's Expectations", u"Juventus did not expect to reach the Champions League final and despite being underdogs on Saturday against Barcelona the Italian champions are hopeful of causing an upset, captain Gianluigi Buffon and coach Massimiliano Allegri said. Juventus did not expect to reach the Champions League final and despite being underdogs on Saturday against Barcelona the Italian champions are hopeful of causing an upset, captain Gianluigi Buffon and coach Massimiliano Allegri said.  Champions League Final Has Exceeded Juve's Expectations"), (u"Italy's Berlusconi Agrees Sale of AC Milan Stake to Thai Businessman", u"Silvio Berlusconi has approved a deal to sell 48 percent of football club AC Milan to a group led by Thai businessman Bee Taechaubol, a historic change for the team which the former Italian prime minister has owned since the 1980s. Silvio Berlusconi has approved a deal to sell 48 percent of football club AC Milan to a group led by Thai businessman Bee Taechaubol, a historic change for the team which the former Italian prime minister has owned since the 1980s. Italy's Berlusconi Agrees Sale of AC Milan Stake to Thai Businessman"), (u'US Loses 3-0 to Ukraine at Under-20 World Cup', u'Already assured a berth in the second round, the United States completed the group stage of the Under-20 World Cup with a 3-0 loss to Ukraine on Friday in Auckland. Already assured a berth in the second round, the United States completed the group stage of the Under-20 World Cup with a 3-0 loss to Ukraine on Friday in Auckland. US Loses 3-0 to Ukraine at Under-20 World Cup'), (u'Voges Shines as Australia Thrash Windies in First Test', u'Australia batsman Adam Voges produced a Man of the Match performance as they emphatically beat West Indies by nine wickets in the first test in Dominica on Friday. Australia batsman Adam Voges produced a Man of the Match performance as they emphatically beat West Indies by nine wickets in the first test in Dominica on Friday. Voges Shines as Australia Thrash Windies in First Test'), (u"Williams Says She 'Collapsed' After French Open Semifinal", u'Serena Williams says she "just kind of collapsed" after winning her French Open semifinal and has been resting at her Paris apartment for Saturday\'s final. Serena Williams says she "just kind of collapsed" after winning her French Open semifinal and has been resting at her Paris apartment for Saturday\'s final. Williams Says She \'Collapsed\' After French Open Semifinal'), (u"Barca's Fearsome Front 3 Firing the Side to Success", u"The most fearsome attack in world football has fired Barcelona to the verge of its fourth Champions League title in a decade. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 25 of Barcelona's 28 goals on the way to the final and few are betting... The most fearsome attack in world football has fired Barcelona to the verge of its fourth Champions League title in a decade. Lionel Messi, Luis Suarez and Neymar have scored 25 of Barcelona's 28 goals on the way to the final and few are betting against them leading the club to a record second treble on Saturday. Barca's Fearsome Front 3 Firing the Side to Success"), (u'Hamilton Crashes but Still Quickest in Canada', u'Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton crashed into the tyre wall but still stayed top of the timesheets after a rain-lashed Canadian Grand Prix practice on Friday. Formula One champion Lewis Hamilton crashed into the tyre wall but still stayed top of the timesheets after a rain-lashed Canadian Grand Prix practice on Friday. Hamilton Crashes but Still Quickest in Canada'), (u"NASCAR Stars Voice Support for New Drivers' Council", u"Jeff Gordon's lone regret about the NASCAR drivers' council is that it wasn't formed well before he races into retirement. Jeff Gordon's lone regret about the NASCAR drivers' council is that it wasn't formed well before he races into retirement. NASCAR Stars Voice Support for New Drivers' Council"), (u'Hulkenberg Ready to Rack Up the Air Miles', u"Force India's Nico Hulkenberg is putting himself through an endurance challenge in more ways than one as he prepares for his Le Mans 24 Hours debut next week in between Formula One commitments. Force India's Nico Hulkenberg is putting himself through an endurance challenge in more ways than one as he prepares for his Le Mans 24 Hours debut next week in between Formula One commitments. Hulkenberg Ready to Rack Up the Air Miles"), (u'Serena Favorite to Cough Up Third French Title', u'Serena Williams is overwhelming favorite to win her third French Open on Saturday but after a tournament of surprises and an untimely bout of illness for the American, Czech Lucie Safarova will sense a rare opportunity. Serena Williams is overwhelming favorite to win her third French Open on Saturday but after a tournament of surprises and an untimely bout of illness for the American, Czech Lucie Safarova will sense a rare opportunity. Serena Favorite to Cough Up Third French Title'), (u"Blackhawks' Teravainen Is Finnish Cold, but Off to Hot Start", u'Although Teuvo Teravainen is already nicknamed "Turbo," Chicago Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa came up with another evocative way to describe the 20-year-old\'s smooth, clinical approach to hockey. Although Teuvo Teravainen is already nicknamed "Turbo," Chicago Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa came up with another evocative way to describe the 20-year-old\'s smooth, clinical approach to hockey. Blackhawks\' Teravainen Is Finnish Cold, but Off to Hot Start'), (u'Champions League Final Takes Spotlight in Berlin-Not FIFA', u"The trials and tribulations of Sepp Blatter and the stench surrounding FIFA receded into the background as Barcelona and Juventus fans arrived in sweltering Berlin on Friday for Saturday's Champions League final. The trials and tribulations of Sepp Blatter and the stench surrounding FIFA receded into the background as Barcelona and Juventus fans arrived in sweltering Berlin on Friday for Saturday's Champions League final. Champions League Final Takes Spotlight in Berlin-Not FIFA"), (u'Wawrinka Scorches Tsonga to Reach French Open Final', u'Stan Wawrinka took on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and 15,000 of his most passionate fans and silenced them all to reach the French Open final for the first time with a 6-3 6-7(1) 7-6(3) 6-4 victory on Friday. Stan Wawrinka took on Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and 15,000 of his most passionate fans and silenced them all to reach the French Open final for the first time with a 6-3 6-7(1) 7-6(3) 6-4 victory on Friday. Wawrinka Scorches Tsonga to Reach French Open Final'), (u'Djokovic-Murray French Semi Suspended; Winner Faces Wawrinka', u'Novak Djokovic has waited and waited to win his first French Open title and complete a career Grand Slam, worrying about when &#8212; or perhaps even whether &#8212; he would get another chance after coming close in recent years. Novak Djokovic has waited and waited to win his first French Open title and complete a career Grand Slam, worrying about when &#8212; or perhaps even whether &#8212; he would get another chance after coming close in recent years. Djokovic-Murray French Semi Suspended; Winner Faces Wawrinka'), (u'American Pharoah Gallops for Final Time Before Belmont', u'American Pharoah took a final gallop around Belmont Park on Friday before he attempts to win the Belmont Stakes and become the first Triple Crown winner in 37 years. American Pharoah took a final gallop around Belmont Park on Friday before he attempts to win the Belmont Stakes and become the first Triple Crown winner in 37 years. American Pharoah Gallops for Final Time Before Belmont'), (u'Harvick Crew Chief Childers Signs Extension With SHR', u'Stewart-Haas Racing has signed the crew chief for reigning NASCAR champion Kevin Harvick to a multi-year contract extension. Stewart-Haas Racing has signed the crew chief for reigning NASCAR champion Kevin Harvick to a multi-year contract extension. Harvick Crew Chief Childers Signs Extension With SHR'), (u'Southeast Asian Games Open in Singapore With Spectacular Ceremony', u"The 28th Southeast Asian Games opened in a blaze of colour and pageantry at Singapore's new national Stadium on Friday, providing the sports world with a brief moment of celebration after a week of soccer-related scandal. The 28th Southeast Asian Games opened in a blaze of colour and pageantry at Singapore's new national Stadium on Friday, providing the sports world with a brief moment of celebration after a week of soccer-related scandal. Southeast Asian Games Open in Singapore With Spectacular Ceremony"), (u'Ill Serena Faces Race Against Time to Get Fit for Final', u"Illness prevented Serena Williams from practicing on the eve of the French Open final and the world number one admitted she faces a race against time to get fit for Saturday's showpiece against Lucie Safarova. Illness prevented Serena Williams from practicing on the eve of the French Open final and the world number one admitted she faces a race against time to get fit for Saturday's showpiece against Lucie Safarova. Ill Serena Faces Race Against Time to Get Fit for Final"), (u'Brumbies Seal Playoff Spot With Victory in Perth', u'Wallabies openside David Pocock grabbed a hat-trick of tries as the ACT Brumbies secured a place in the Super Rugby playoffs for a third straight year with a 33-20 victory over Western Force in Perth on Friday. Wallabies openside David Pocock grabbed a hat-trick of tries as the ACT Brumbies secured a place in the Super Rugby playoffs for a third straight year with a 33-20 victory over Western Force in Perth on Friday. Brumbies Seal Playoff Spot With Victory in Perth'), (u'Juventus Comeback Complete After Fixing Downfall', u'Less than 10 years ago, Juventus was battling for survival in the second division, tainted by an Italian football scandal. The comeback has been spectacular and could be crowned by the biggest prize in club competitions when Juve tackles Barcelona in... Less than 10 years ago, Juventus was battling for survival in the second division, tainted by an Italian football scandal. The comeback has been spectacular and could be crowned by the biggest prize in club competitions when Juve tackles Barcelona in the Champions League final on Saturday. Juventus Comeback Complete After Fixing Downfall'), (u'FIFA Says Paid Ireland 5 Million Euros, Not Dollars', u"FIFA paid Ireland's FA (FAI) 5 million euros to avoid a legal case over a controversial World Cup playoff defeat, 50 percent more than the $5 million it reported on Thursday at 2009 exchange rates, world soccer's governing body said. FIFA paid Ireland's FA (FAI) 5 million euros to avoid a legal case over a controversial World Cup playoff defeat, 50 percent more than the $5 million it reported on Thursday at 2009 exchange rates, world soccer's governing body said.  FIFA Says Paid Ireland 5 Million Euros, Not Dollars"), (u'Watford Name Spaniard Sanchez Flores as Manager', u'Watford named former Atletico Madrid and Valencia coach Quique Sanchez Flores as manager on Friday, the newly-promoted Premier League club said on their website. Watford named former Atletico Madrid and Valencia coach Quique Sanchez Flores as manager on Friday, the newly-promoted Premier League club said on their website. Watford Name Spaniard Sanchez Flores as Manager'), (u'The Latest: Heavy Rain After French Open Semifinal Suspended', u'8:55 p.m. 8:55 p.m. The Latest: Heavy Rain After French Open Semifinal Suspended'), (u'FIFA Can No Longer Protect Itself, Says Ex-Investigator', u"The U.S.-led investigations into corruption at FIFA have pierced the veil of secrecy that protected soccer's top power-brokers and more dominoes can be expected to fall, said a former investigator on the governing body's ethics committee. The U.S.-led investigations into corruption at FIFA have pierced the veil of secrecy that protected soccer's top power-brokers and more dominoes can be expected to fall, said a former investigator on the governing body's ethics committee. FIFA Can No Longer Protect Itself, Says Ex-Investigator"), (u'Former England International Kieswetter Forced to Retire', u'Former England international Craig Kieswetter has retired from cricket after failing to recover from a serious eye injury sustained last summer, his club Somerset said on Friday. Former England international Craig Kieswetter has retired from cricket after failing to recover from a serious eye injury sustained last summer, his club Somerset said on Friday. Former England International Kieswetter Forced to Retire'), (u'Elche Kicked Out of La Liga Over Tax Debts', u"Elche have been relegated from La Liga because of unpaid debts to the tax authorities and Eibar will take their place in Spain's top flight next season, the professional league (LFP) said on Friday. Elche have been relegated from La Liga because of unpaid debts to the tax authorities and Eibar will take their place in Spain's top flight next season, the professional league (LFP) said on Friday. Elche Kicked Out of La Liga Over Tax Debts"), (u"FIFA's Blatter to Skip IOC Meeting in Lausanne", u"Sepp Blatter, who is resigning as president of world soccer's embattled governing body FIFA, will not attend an International Olympic Committee meeting next week, the IOC said. Sepp Blatter, who is resigning as president of world soccer's embattled governing body FIFA, will not attend an International Olympic Committee meeting next week, the IOC said. FIFA's Blatter to Skip IOC Meeting in Lausanne"), (u'Brunei Withdraw From Hosting 2019 SEA Games', u'Brunei have pulled out of hosting the 2019 Southeast Asian Games after failing to get government backing with Philippines showing interest in stepping in to replace them, local media reported on Friday. Brunei have pulled out of hosting the 2019 Southeast Asian Games after failing to get government backing with Philippines showing interest in stepping in to replace them, local media reported on Friday. Brunei Withdraw From Hosting 2019 SEA Games'), (u'Jordaan Focussed on Politics, Not Answering World Cup Bribe Allegations-Spokesman', u'Danny Jordaan, the central figure in South Africa&#8217;s 2010 World Cup bid which is now implicated in vote buying, is concentrating on his new role as mayor of the coastal city of Port Elizabeth rather than answering allegations made in U.S. court... Danny Jordaan, the central figure in South Africa&#8217;s 2010 World Cup bid which is now implicated in vote buying, is concentrating on his new role as mayor of the coastal city of Port Elizabeth rather than answering allegations made in U.S. court documents.     Jordaan Focussed on Politics, Not Answering World Cup Bribe Allegations-Spokesman'), (u'South Africa Confirm Australia Twenty20 Itinerary', u"Cricket South Africa have confirmed the itinerary for Australia's three-match Twenty20 tour to the country in March that will serve as a warm-up for the World Cup in India which follows immediately after. Cricket South Africa have confirmed the itinerary for Australia's three-match Twenty20 tour to the country in March that will serve as a warm-up for the World Cup in India which follows immediately after. South Africa Confirm Australia Twenty20 Itinerary"), (u'Factbox-Former All Blacks Captain Jerry Collins', u'Factbox on former New Zealand loose forward Jerry Collins, who died at the age of 34 along with his partner Alana Madill in a car crash in France on Friday: Factbox on former New Zealand loose forward Jerry Collins, who died at the age of 34 along with his partner Alana Madill in a car crash in France on Friday: Factbox-Former All Blacks Captain Jerry Collins'), (u'New Zealand on Brink of Advancing in U-20 World Cup, Argentina Out', u'Noah Billingsley scored one goal and set up two others as hosts New Zealand beat Myanmar 5-1 to put themselves on the brink of the knockout phase of the under-20 World Cup for the first time, while six-times champions Argentina crashed out on Friday. Noah Billingsley scored one goal and set up two others as hosts New Zealand beat Myanmar 5-1 to put themselves on the brink of the knockout phase of the under-20 World Cup for the first time, while six-times champions Argentina crashed out on Friday. New Zealand on Brink of Advancing in U-20 World Cup, Argentina Out'), (u'Lingmerth Has 1-Shot Lead; Tiger Survives Another Cut', u'David Lingmerth took a step toward turning his game around with a 7-under 65 at the Memorial on Friday. It gave the Swede a one-shot lead going into a weekend that includes Tiger Woods. David Lingmerth took a step toward turning his game around with a 7-under 65 at the Memorial on Friday. It gave the Swede a one-shot lead going into a weekend that includes Tiger Woods. Lingmerth Has 1-Shot Lead; Tiger Survives Another Cut'), (u'LEADING OFF: Puig Return Possible; Bumgarner Faces Phillies', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Saturday: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Saturday: LEADING OFF: Puig Return Possible; Bumgarner Faces Phillies"), (u'Cavaliers Laid Low by Missed Opportunities, Irving Injury', u'LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers promised to "make some adjustments" after several missed opportunities cost them Game One of the NBA Finals to the host Golden State Warriors on Thursday, losing 108-100 in overtime. LeBron James and the Cleveland Cavaliers promised to "make some adjustments" after several missed opportunities cost them Game One of the NBA Finals to the host Golden State Warriors on Thursday, losing 108-100 in overtime. Cavaliers Laid Low by Missed Opportunities, Irving Injury'), (u'Former All Blacks Captain Collins Killed in France', u"Former All Blacks captain Jerry Collins and his wife have been killed in a car crash in France, New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed on Friday. Former All Blacks captain Jerry Collins and his wife have been killed in a car crash in France, New Zealand's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade confirmed on Friday. Former All Blacks Captain Collins Killed in France"), (u'Wacha, Cardinals Beat Dodgers 7-1', u"Michael Wacha pitched seven effective innings, Jason Heyward and Kolten Wong drove in two runs each, and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-1 on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between the National League's top... Michael Wacha pitched seven effective innings, Jason Heyward and Kolten Wong drove in two runs each, and the St. Louis Cardinals beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 7-1 on Thursday night in the opener of a four-game series between the National League's top two teams. Wacha, Cardinals Beat Dodgers 7-1"), (u'Brazil Football Probe to Put Harsh Glare on Nike, Other Sponsors', u'Nike Inc and some other big international companies face a grilling over their powerful role in Brazilian football as a former star player turned senator vows to expose what he describes as suspect marketing contracts and their links to corrupt... Nike Inc and some other big international companies face a grilling over their powerful role in Brazilian football as a former star player turned senator vows to expose what he describes as suspect marketing contracts and their links to corrupt payments. Brazil Football Probe to Put Harsh Glare on Nike, Other Sponsors'), (u'Matt Harvey Ends 3-Game Skid, Mets Beat Diamondbacks 6-2', u'Matt Harvey stopped his three-game losing streak, John Mayberry Jr. had a two-run homer among his career-high four hits, and the New York Mets picked up a rare road win by beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-2 Thursday night. Matt Harvey stopped his three-game losing streak, John Mayberry Jr. had a two-run homer among his career-high four hits, and the New York Mets picked up a rare road win by beating the Arizona Diamondbacks 6-2 Thursday night. Matt Harvey Ends 3-Game Skid, Mets Beat Diamondbacks 6-2'), (u'Ramirez, Bullpen Lead Rays to 2-1 Victory Over Mariners', u'Erasmo Ramirez beat his former team, combining with four relievers to help the Tampa Bay Rays defeat the Seattle Mariners 2-1 on Thursday night. Erasmo Ramirez beat his former team, combining with four relievers to help the Tampa Bay Rays defeat the Seattle Mariners 2-1 on Thursday night. Ramirez, Bullpen Lead Rays to 2-1 Victory Over Mariners'), (u"South Korea's Chung to Meet Platini, Discuss FIFA Future", u"South Korea's Chung Mong-joon, who is weighing up a bid to replace Sepp Blatter as president of scandal-hit FIFA, said on Friday he will meet UEFA chief Michel Platini and other leading soccer figures while in Berlin for the Champions League final. South Korea's Chung Mong-joon, who is weighing up a bid to replace Sepp Blatter as president of scandal-hit FIFA, said on Friday he will meet UEFA chief Michel Platini and other leading soccer figures while in Berlin for the Champions League final. South Korea's Chung to Meet Platini, Discuss FIFA Future"), (u"Choo's Hit in 11th Lifts Rangers to 2-1 Win Over White Sox", u"Shin-Soo Choo celebrated with his teammates after his 11th-inning walk-off single on Thursday night. Shin-Soo Choo celebrated with his teammates after his 11th-inning walk-off single on Thursday night. Choo's Hit in 11th Lifts Rangers to 2-1 Win Over White Sox"), (u"Espinosa's HR Helps Nationals to 7-5 Win Over Cubs", u"Danny Espinosa gave Washington an early lead with a three-run homer in the second inning and the Nationals snapped a three-game losing streak with a 7-5 win over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night. Danny Espinosa gave Washington an early lead with a three-run homer in the second inning and the Nationals snapped a three-game losing streak with a 7-5 win over the Chicago Cubs on Friday night. Espinosa's HR Helps Nationals to 7-5 Win Over Cubs"), (u'Warriors Beat Cavs in Game One OT Thriller', u"The Golden State Warriors, led by the league's Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry, drew first blood in the best-of-seven NBA Finals with a thrilling 108-100 overtime victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game One on Thursday. The Golden State Warriors, led by the league's Most Valuable Player Stephen Curry, drew first blood in the best-of-seven NBA Finals with a thrilling 108-100 overtime victory over the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game One on Thursday. Warriors Beat Cavs in Game One OT Thriller"), (u'Cavs Lose Game 1 of Finals, Kyrie Irving to Injury', u"The frustration on Kyrie Irving's face was evident as he spoke to the media and then buried his head in his hands. The frustration on Kyrie Irving's face was evident as he spoke to the media and then buried his head in his hands. Cavs Lose Game 1 of Finals, Kyrie Irving to Injury"), (u'Mets Record a Victory and, Possibly, a Key Loss', u'Behind the pitching of Matt Harvey, the Mets defeated the Diamondbacks, but Daniel Murphy had to leave the game with a leg issue. Behind the pitching of Matt Harvey, the Mets defeated the Diamondbacks, but Daniel Murphy had to leave the game with a leg issue. Mets Record a Victory and, Possibly, a Key Loss'), (u'2015 N.B.A. Finals: With Overtime Surge, Stephen Curry and Warriors Squeak by Cavs', u'The Warriors slipped past LeBron James, who scored a game-high 44 points, and the Cleveland Cavaliers to take Game 1 of the N.B.A. finals. The Warriors slipped past LeBron James, who scored a game-high 44 points, and the Cleveland Cavaliers to take Game 1 of the N.B.A. finals. Golden State Warriors defeat Cleveland Cavaliers, 108-100, in overtime, to take Game 1 of NBA finals. 2015 N.B.A. Finals: With Overtime Surge, Stephen Curry and Warriors Squeak by Cavs'), (u'Gatlin Breezes in Rome', u'Justin Gatlin fell shy of his world-leading time in the 100 meters by 0.01 of a second, clocking 9.75 at the Golden Gala in Rome. Justin Gatlin fell shy of his world-leading time in the 100 meters by 0.01 of a second, clocking 9.75 at the Golden Gala in Rome. American sprinter Justin Gatlin wins 100 meters at Golden Gala in Rome in 9 minutes 75 seconds; other track events noted. Gatlin Breezes in Rome'), (u'Bucks Unveil Arena Deal', u'Taxpayers would pick up half the cost of a new $500 million arena for the Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said. Taxpayers would pick up half the cost of a new $500 million arena for the Milwaukee Bucks, Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker said. Bucks Unveil Arena Deal'), (u'Three-Way Tie in Ontario', u'Cheyenne Woods, Cristie Kerr and P. K. Kongkraphan matched the course record at nine-under-par 63 to share the first-round lead in the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic. Cheyenne Woods, Cristie Kerr and P. K. Kongkraphan matched the course record at nine-under-par 63 to share the first-round lead in the Manulife L.P.G.A. Classic. Cheyenne Woods, Cristie Kerr and P K Kongkraphan share first-round lead at Manulife LPGA Classic golf tournament; other golf news noted. Three-Way Tie in Ontario'), (u'Winning Touch in Paris', u'Mike Bryan and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the mixed doubles title at the French Open. Mike Bryan and Bethanie Mattek-Sands won the mixed doubles title at the French Open. Mike Bryan and Bethanie Mattek-Sands defeat Lucie Hradecka and Marcin Matkowski to win mixed doubles title at French Open tennis tournament. Winning Touch in Paris'), (u'Son of Broncos Owner Is Arrested', u'John Bowlen, the 29-year-old son of the Denver Broncos\u2019 owner, Pat Bowlen, has been placed on indefinite leave from the team after his arrest on domestic violence charges. John Bowlen, the 29-year-old son of the Denver Broncos\u2019 owner, Pat Bowlen, has been placed on indefinite leave from the team after his arrest on domestic violence charges. Denver Broncos place John Bowlen, son of Broncos owner Pat Bowlen, on indefinite leave after his arrest on domestic violence charges; other NFL news noted. Son of Broncos Owner Is Arrested'), (u'Juventus Signs Forward', u'Juventus has acquired the Argentine forward Paulo Dybala from Palermo for $36 million. Juventus has acquired the Argentine forward Paulo Dybala from Palermo for $36 million. Juventus acquires Argentine forward Paulo Dybala from Palermo for $36 million; other soccer news noted. Juventus Signs Forward'), (u'Big Test for American Pharoah&#8217;s Jockey, Too', u'In Saturday\u2019s Belmont Stakes, much will depend on the split-second decisions made by the jockey Victor Espinoza and his counterparts in a grueling mile-and-a-half contest. In Saturday\u2019s Belmont Stakes, much will depend on the split-second decisions made by the jockey Victor Espinoza and his counterparts in a grueling mile-and-a-half contest. Jockey Victor Espinoza will play large part in whether or not American Pharoah will win Belmont Stakes and become 12th Triple Crown champion; Belmont Park is known for its sweeping turns and race is grueling mile-and-half contest--two things that jockeys in Belmont Stakes must get right. Big Test for American Pharoah&#8217;s Jockey, Too'), (u'L.I.R.R. Outlines Changes to Ease the Wait for a Stampede of Fans Heading Home', u'Though there still likely will be a wait for the Long Island Rail Road after American Pharoah\u2019s Triple Crown bid at the Belmont Stakes, improvements have been made. Though there still likely will be a wait for the Long Island Rail Road after American Pharoah\u2019s Triple Crown bid at the Belmont Stakes, improvements have been made. Long Island Rail Road outlines changes aimed to ease wait for horse racing fans trying to leave Belmont Park after Belmont Stakes; changes include new platforms that can accommodate larger trains. L.I.R.R. Outlines Changes to Ease the Wait for a Stampede of Fans Heading Home'), (u'Athletics Earn Sweep as Tigers Lose 7th in Row ', u'The Athletics completed a three-game sweep of the Tigers, who lost their seventh straight. The Athletics completed a three-game sweep of the Tigers, who lost their seventh straight. Baseball Roundup; Oakland Athletics defeat Detroit Tigers, 7-5, to complete three-game sweep; other MLB scores and news noted. Athletics Earn Sweep as Tigers Lose 7th in Row '), (u'Niese Is Having Trouble, but the Mets Have a Prospect ', u'The left-hander Steven Matz appears ready to jump to the Mets from their Class AAA affiliate, but the Mets would likely need to get rid of a starter before calling him up. The left-hander Steven Matz appears ready to jump to the Mets from their Class AAA affiliate, but the Mets would likely need to get rid of a starter before calling him up. New York Mets minor league pitcher Steven Matz appears ready to take mound in majors, but team has no room in their rotation. Niese Is Having Trouble, but the Mets Have a Prospect '), (u'Silver Addresses Playoff Themes and a Dramatic Void ', u'Commissioner Adam Silver was hoping for a classic finish starring the Cavaliers\u2019 LeBron James and the Warriors\u2019 Stephen Curry, despite a lack of playoff drama for almost three weeks. Commissioner Adam Silver was hoping for a classic finish starring the Cavaliers\u2019 LeBron James and the Warriors\u2019 Stephen Curry, despite a lack of playoff drama for almost three weeks. Silver Addresses Playoff Themes and a Dramatic Void '), (u'A Michigan Lawyer Coaches His Way to the N.H.L. ', u'Jon Cooper\u2019s path to the Stanley Cup finals as coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning began with a high school team in Michigan. Jon Cooper\u2019s path to the Stanley Cup finals as coach of the Tampa Bay Lightning began with a high school team in Michigan. Profile of Tampa Bay Lightning coach Jon Cooper, whose unlikely path to Stanley Cup finals began with high school team in Michigan. A Michigan Lawyer Coaches His Way to the N.H.L. '), (u'Problems Accompany W.N.B.A.&#8217;s New Success ', u"The W.N.B.A. opens its season this weekend, looking to move past an off-season filled with controversy. The W.N.B.A. opens its season this weekend, looking to move past an off-season filled with controversy. WNBA is set to open 2015 season without Diana Taurasi, most valuable player of 2014 finals, and former All-Star guard Becky Hammon; Taurasi is skipping season and resting at behest of Russian club she plays for in winter and Hammon was hired as assistant with NBA's San Antonio Spurs. Problems Accompany W.N.B.A.&#8217;s New Success "), (u'Barnyard Buddies Curl Up at Belmont', u'High-maintenance thoroughbreds often enjoy the companionship of less-demanding companion ponies or sometimes other species, such as pigs and goats, to soothe their nerves. High-maintenance thoroughbreds often enjoy the companionship of less-demanding companion ponies or sometimes other species, such as pigs and goats, to soothe their nerves. Many high-level thoroughbred racehorses are given companion animals, like pigs and goats, to help soothe their nerves; 6-year-old gelding named Smokey has been serving as general companion for American Pharoah as he bids for Triple Crown at Belmont Stakes. Barnyard Buddies Curl Up at Belmont'), (u'One Day, Italy\u2019s Gianluigi Buffon Wants to Call the Shots, Not Stop Them', u"Buffon, the goalkeeper for Juventus and Italy\u2019s national team, plans to stay in Italy for now. Still, Buffon does have broader dreams, including running the United States national men\u2019s team. Buffon, the goalkeeper for Juventus and Italy\u2019s national team, plans to stay in Italy for now. Still, Buffon does have broader dreams, including running the United States national men\u2019s team. Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon, one of Italy's most popular soccer players, hopes to one day coach United States men's national soccer team. One Day, Italy\u2019s Gianluigi Buffon Wants to Call the Shots, Not Stop Them"), (u'Bevo Francis Dies at 82; Scored 116 and 113 Points in College Basketball Games', u'In 1954, Francis scored 113 points in a single college basketball game, setting an N.C.A.A. record that stood for nearly six decades. In 1954, Francis scored 113 points in a single college basketball game, setting an N.C.A.A. record that stood for nearly six decades. Bevo Francis, college basketball star who scored 113 points in one game, setting NCAA record that stood for nearly 60 years, dies at age 82. Bevo Francis Dies at 82; Scored 116 and 113 Points in College Basketball Games'), (u'Pat Perez, a Late Bloomer at 39, Finds Success Both on and Off the Course', u'Pat Perez, who is 39, has redefined success for himself &#8212; and has reduced the number of his on-course tantrums &#8212; as his professional and personal lives have evolved. Pat Perez, who is 39, has redefined success for himself &#8212; and has reduced the number of his on-course tantrums &#8212; as his professional and personal lives have evolved. Profile of golfer Pat Perez, who finished first-round of Memorial Tournament four strokes behind leaders Hideki Matsuyama and Bo Van Pelt; Perez says changes in his personal life have helped improve his game. Pat Perez, a Late Bloomer at 39, Finds Success Both on and Off the Course'), (u'Ahmed Zayat\u2019s Journey: Bankruptcy and Big Bets', u'The associations and dealings of Mr. Zayat, who made his fortune selling beer in Egypt and became a successful horse owner, have resulted in myriad legal proceedings. The associations and dealings of Mr. Zayat, who made his fortune selling beer in Egypt and became a successful horse owner, have resulted in myriad legal proceedings. Ahmed Zayat, owner and breeder of champion horse American Pharoah, is one of most successful and controversial owners in thoroughbred racing; horse will try to win Belmont Stakes and become 12th Triple Crown winner, first since Affirmed in 1978; Zayat made his fortune selling beer in his native Egypt from Al Ahram Brewing, which he sold to Heineken. Ahmed Zayat\u2019s Journey: Bankruptcy and Big Bets'), (u'North Carolina Charged With Five Violations by N.C.A.A.', u'Charges tied to the school\u2019s long-running academic fraud scandal included a lack of institutional control for poor oversight of a department popular with athletes. Charges tied to the school\u2019s long-running academic fraud scandal included a lack of institutional control for poor oversight of a department popular with athletes. National Collegiate Athletic Assn charges North Carolina with five violations, including lack of institutional control for poor oversight of department popular with student-athletes; charges are broad-based, and do not focus on individual sports. North Carolina Charged With Five Violations by N.C.A.A.'), (u'Serena Williams and Lucie Safarova Reach French Open Final', u'Williams, seeded No. 1, lost the first set but rebounded to beat Timea Bacsinszky in one semifinal; Safarova, seeded No. 13, beat Ana Ivanovic to advance to her first major final. Williams, seeded No. 1, lost the first set but rebounded to beat Timea Bacsinszky in one semifinal; Safarova, seeded No. 13, beat Ana Ivanovic to advance to her first major final. Serena Williams defeats Timea Bacsinszky and Lucie Sararova defeats Ana Ivanovic in semifinals of French Open tennis tournament. Serena Williams and Lucie Safarova Reach French Open Final'), (u'FIFA Paid Ireland Not to Protest Costly Hand Ball', u"The chief executive of Ireland\u2019s soccer association said it was paid after a controversial hand ball by France\u2019s Thierry Henry prevented Ireland from qualifying for the 2010 World Cup. The chief executive of Ireland\u2019s soccer association said it was paid after a controversial hand ball by France\u2019s Thierry Henry prevented Ireland from qualifying for the 2010 World Cup. John Delaney, chief executive of Ireland's soccer association, reveals that FIFA paid his federation $5 million in exchange for not protesting controversial hand ball by France that prevented Ireland from qualifying for 2010 World Cup. FIFA Paid Ireland Not to Protest Costly Hand Ball"), (u'Belmont Stakes 2015: Predictions and Analysis', u'Can American Pharoah win the Triple Crown? A look at the horses in the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes with comments by Joe Drape and Melissa Hoppert. Can American Pharoah win the Triple Crown? A look at the horses in the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes with comments by Joe Drape and Melissa Hoppert. Belmont Stakes 2015: Predictions and Analysis'), (u'When Ownership Changed in 2007, So Did the Blackhawks', u'When he took over the Chicago Blackhawks upon his frugal father\u2019s death in 2007, Rocky Wirtz modernized business practices and made the team ascendant. When he took over the Chicago Blackhawks upon his frugal father\u2019s death in 2007, Rocky Wirtz modernized business practices and made the team ascendant. When Ownership Changed in 2007, So Did the Blackhawks'), (u'Steve Kerr and David Blatt Reached N.B.A. Finals on Unconventional Paths', u"The series will be a matchup of Kerr and Blatt, first-time head coaches whose personal histories have forcefully crashed the borders of conventionalism. The series will be a matchup of Kerr and Blatt, first-time head coaches whose personal histories have forcefully crashed the borders of conventionalism. NBA finals pits two of league's first-year coaches, Steve Kerr of Golden State Warriors and David Blatt of Cleveland Cavaliers, against one another for only second time in NBA history; both coaches' paths to success are far from commonplace. Steve Kerr and David Blatt Reached N.B.A. Finals on Unconventional Paths"), (u'Alan Bond, Australian Businessman and Sailing Figure, Dead at 77', u"Alan Bond, the flamboyant Australian businessman who funded the country's historic 1983 America's Cup victory before losing his fortune and his freedom, died on Friday. Alan Bond, the flamboyant Australian businessman who funded the country's historic 1983 America's Cup victory before losing his fortune and his freedom, died on Friday. Alan Bond, Australian Businessman and Sailing Figure, Dead at 77"), (u'Moss Powers Indians to Rain-Shortened 6-2 Win Over Royals', u'Brandon Moss hit a two-run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 6-2 on Thursday night in a game called in the eighth inning because of rain. Brandon Moss hit a two-run homer and the Cleveland Indians beat the Kansas City Royals 6-2 on Thursday night in a game called in the eighth inning because of rain. Moss Powers Indians to Rain-Shortened 6-2 Win Over Royals'), (u"NBA Says 'No Suggestion' of FIFA-Style Corruption in Basketball", u"NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said on Thursday that the biggest scandal to ever hit soccer's governing body will lead all sports federations to revisit how they do business. NBA Commissioner Adam Silver said on Thursday that the biggest scandal to ever hit soccer's governing body will lead all sports federations to revisit how they do business. NBA Says 'No Suggestion' of FIFA-Style Corruption in Basketball"), (u"South Korea's Chung to Meet Platini, Discuss FIFA Future", u"South Korea's Chung Mong-joon, who is weighing up a bid to replace Sepp Blatter as president of scandal-hit FIFA, said on Friday he will meet UEFA chief Michel Platini and other leading football figures while in Berlin for the Champions League final. South Korea's Chung Mong-joon, who is weighing up a bid to replace Sepp Blatter as president of scandal-hit FIFA, said on Friday he will meet UEFA chief Michel Platini and other leading football figures while in Berlin for the Champions League final. South Korea's Chung to Meet Platini, Discuss FIFA Future"), (u'DeSclafani, Phillips Lead Reds Past Phillies 6-4', u'Anthony DeSclafani threw seven effective innings, Brandon Phillips had three hits and two RBIs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6-4 Thursday night to avoid a three-game sweep. Anthony DeSclafani threw seven effective innings, Brandon Phillips had three hits and two RBIs and the Cincinnati Reds beat the Philadelphia Phillies 6-4 Thursday night to avoid a three-game sweep. DeSclafani, Phillips Lead Reds Past Phillies 6-4'), (u"Tiger's Niece, Cheyenne, Shares LPGA Lead", u"Cheyenne Woods, niece of 14-times major winner Tiger, upstaged the game's biggest names as she birdied five of her last nine holes to share the first-round lead at the Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario on Thursday. Cheyenne Woods, niece of 14-times major winner Tiger, upstaged the game's biggest names as she birdied five of her last nine holes to share the first-round lead at the Manulife LPGA Classic in Cambridge, Ontario on Thursday. Tiger's Niece, Cheyenne, Shares LPGA Lead"), (u"The Latest: Cavs' Irving Being Evaluated by Team Doctors", u"The latest from Game 1 of the NBA Finals: The latest from Game 1 of the NBA Finals: The Latest: Cavs' Irving Being Evaluated by Team Doctors"), (u'Golf Capsules', u'Hideki Matsuyama was bracing for a rough day at the Memorial and wound up with a share of the lead Thursday. Hideki Matsuyama was bracing for a rough day at the Memorial and wound up with a share of the lead Thursday. Golf Capsules'), (u'Hamilton Goes on DL Only 7 Games Into Return With Rangers', u'Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton was put on the 15-day disabled list Thursday, only seven games into his return to the majors. Texas Rangers slugger Josh Hamilton was put on the 15-day disabled list Thursday, only seven games into his return to the majors. Hamilton Goes on DL Only 7 Games Into Return With Rangers'), (u"Sandoval's Error in 9th Sends Hunter, Twins Over Red Sox", u"Red Sox third baseman Pablo Sandoval mishandled a throw on a bunt in the ninth inning, and the Minnesota Twins broke away from Boston 8-4 Thursday for a four-game split. Red Sox third baseman Pablo Sandoval mishandled a throw on a bunt in the ninth inning, and the Minnesota Twins broke away from Boston 8-4 Thursday for a four-game split. Sandoval's Error in 9th Sends Hunter, Twins Over Red Sox"), (u'Canada Takes Deep Breath, Steps Into World Cup Spotlight', u"While the wider soccer world continued to convulse over revelations of FIFA bribery and corruption, Canada took a deep breath on Thursday and prepared for their moment in the Women's World Cup spotlight. While the wider soccer world continued to convulse over revelations of FIFA bribery and corruption, Canada took a deep breath on Thursday and prepared for their moment in the Women's World Cup spotlight. Canada Takes Deep Breath, Steps Into World Cup Spotlight"), (u'Voges, Bishoo Serve Up Special Performances', u'Two brilliant individual performances by players on opposing teams lit up the second day of the first Test in Dominica on Thursday. Two brilliant individual performances by players on opposing teams lit up the second day of the first Test in Dominica on Thursday. Voges, Bishoo Serve Up Special Performances'), (u'Matsuyama in Tie for Memorial Lead, Tiger Toils', u'Defending champion Hideki Matsuyama piled up four birdies on each nine to surge into a tie for the lead at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, on Thursday as Tiger Woods fought back from a messy start to open with a one-over 73. Defending champion Hideki Matsuyama piled up four birdies on each nine to surge into a tie for the lead at the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio, on Thursday as Tiger Woods fought back from a messy start to open with a one-over 73. Matsuyama in Tie for Memorial Lead, Tiger Toils'), (u'Alonso Hoping for Third Time Lucky', u"McLaren's Fernando Alonso hopes Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix will be third time lucky, after his last two predictions of points failed to end a Formula One drought, but he is not counting on it. McLaren's Fernando Alonso hopes Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix will be third time lucky, after his last two predictions of points failed to end a Formula One drought, but he is not counting on it. Alonso Hoping for Third Time Lucky"), (u'With Belief and Depth, Chicago Gets Early Jump on Lightning', u"When the Chicago Blackhawks were seven minutes away from losing the Stanley Cup Final opener, it wasn't Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane or Duncan Keith who stepped up and perpetuated this team's reputation for big-game grit. When the Chicago Blackhawks were seven minutes away from losing the Stanley Cup Final opener, it wasn't Jonathan Toews, Patrick Kane or Duncan Keith who stepped up and perpetuated this team's reputation for big-game grit. With Belief and Depth, Chicago Gets Early Jump on Lightning"), (u'American Pharoah Owner Wins End to Gambling Lawsuit', u'The owner of American Pharoah, which on Saturday will try to become the first horse in 37 years to win the Triple Crown, has won the dismissal of a lawsuit seeking to force him to repay $1.65 million of gambling debts. The owner of American Pharoah, which on Saturday will try to become the first horse in 37 years to win the Triple Crown, has won the dismissal of a lawsuit seeking to force him to repay $1.65 million of gambling debts. American Pharoah Owner Wins End to Gambling Lawsuit'), (u'Baltimore Gets 3-2 Win Over Astros Behind Homer From Jones', u'Adam Jones had three hits, including a solo homer in the eighth inning that lifted the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-2 win over the Houston Astros on Thursday. Adam Jones had three hits, including a solo homer in the eighth inning that lifted the Baltimore Orioles to a 3-2 win over the Houston Astros on Thursday. Baltimore Gets 3-2 Win Over Astros Behind Homer From Jones'), (u'American Pharoah Trains at Belmont', u'Bob Baffert, the trainer of the Triple Crown contender American Pharoah, said he was aware of the looming pressure but was trying to take it all in stride. Bob Baffert, the trainer of the Triple Crown contender American Pharoah, said he was aware of the looming pressure but was trying to take it all in stride. American Pharoah Trains at Belmont'), (u'American Pharoah Looks to Break Triple Crown Jinx', u'American Pharoah is closing in on his chance to end a record drought of Triple Crown winners at the Belmont Stakes on Saturday and guarantee his place in the pantheon of racing greats. American Pharoah is closing in on his chance to end a record drought of Triple Crown winners at the Belmont Stakes on Saturday and guarantee his place in the pantheon of racing greats. American Pharoah Looks to Break Triple Crown Jinx'), (u"Hahn, A's Finish Off Sweep, Send Tigers to 7th Straight Loss", u"The Oakland Athletics are finally enjoying a modest winning streak, and manager Bob Melvin isn't about to let the league standings spoil this encouraging stretch. The Oakland Athletics are finally enjoying a modest winning streak, and manager Bob Melvin isn't about to let the league standings spoil this encouraging stretch. Hahn, A's Finish Off Sweep, Send Tigers to 7th Straight Loss"), (u"Pelicans' Davis Keeping Eye on NBA Finals From Afar", u"As Stephen Curry's Golden State Warriors battle the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2015 NBA Finals at least one of his peers will marvel at the guard's shooting magic in the same way any fan would. As Stephen Curry's Golden State Warriors battle the Cleveland Cavaliers in the 2015 NBA Finals at least one of his peers will marvel at the guard's shooting magic in the same way any fan would. Pelicans' Davis Keeping Eye on NBA Finals From Afar"), (u"FIFA Discloses Ireland Received $5M Over Henry's Handball", u"In the midst of an escalating financial scandal, FIFA admitted Thursday to giving Ireland $5 million in compensation for missing a place at the 2010 World Cup after Thierry Henry's handball set up France's winning goal. In the midst of an escalating financial scandal, FIFA admitted Thursday to giving Ireland $5 million in compensation for missing a place at the 2010 World Cup after Thierry Henry's handball set up France's winning goal. FIFA Discloses Ireland Received $5M Over Henry's Handball"), (u'Serena Behavior Not a Problem, Says Bacsinszky', u"Serena Williams's health and gamesmanship were the subjects on everyone's lips at the French Open after the ailing world number one beat Timea Bacsinszky in the semi-finals on Thursday. Serena Williams's health and gamesmanship were the subjects on everyone's lips at the French Open after the ailing world number one beat Timea Bacsinszky in the semi-finals on Thursday.  Serena Behavior Not a Problem, Says Bacsinszky"), (u"Distance, Rivals Challenge American Pharoah's Triple Try", u"All that separates American Pharoah from ending the longest drought in horse racing history &#8212; 37 years without a Triple Crown winner &#8212; is 1 1/2 miles and seven rivals determined to make him earn a victory in the Belmont Stakes. All that separates American Pharoah from ending the longest drought in horse racing history &#8212; 37 years without a Triple Crown winner &#8212; is 1 1/2 miles and seven rivals determined to make him earn a victory in the Belmont Stakes. Distance, Rivals Challenge American Pharoah's Triple Try"), (u'Gatlin Wins Third Successive Rome Golden Gala 100m', u'American sprinter Justin Gatlin won this third successive Rome Golden Gala 100 meters when he clocked 9.75 seconds at the Olympic stadium on Thursday. American sprinter Justin Gatlin won this third successive Rome Golden Gala 100 meters when he clocked 9.75 seconds at the Olympic stadium on Thursday.     Gatlin Wins Third Successive Rome Golden Gala 100m'), (u'Sick Serena Battles On to Set Up Safarova Final', u"Serena Williams did not smile, celebrate or even acknowledge the  standing ovation she was receiving from the roaring crowd as she watched Timea Bacsinszky's backhand float out on match point at the French Open on Thursday. Serena Williams did not smile, celebrate or even acknowledge the  standing ovation she was receiving from the roaring crowd as she watched Timea Bacsinszky's backhand float out on match point at the French Open on Thursday. Sick Serena Battles On to Set Up Safarova Final"), (u"A Title and a Final: Mike Bryan's Great Day in Paris", u"Mike Bryan enjoyed a good day at Roland Garros, first reaching a sixth French Open doubles final with his twin brother Bob then taking the first trophy up for grabs at Roland Garros. Mike Bryan enjoyed a good day at Roland Garros, first reaching a sixth French Open doubles final with his twin brother Bob then taking the first trophy up for grabs at Roland Garros. A Title and a Final: Mike Bryan's Great Day in Paris"), (u'Canada Football Head Says Arrested FIFA Executive Webb Helped the Sport', u"The head of Canada's football association on Thursday said he did not bribe FIFA to win the rights to host the women's World Cup and said that a senior executive of the sport's governing body who has been charged with corruption had done a lot of... The head of Canada's football association on Thursday said he did not bribe FIFA to win the rights to host the women's World Cup and said that a senior executive of the sport's governing body who has been charged with corruption had done a lot of good for the game. Canada Football Head Says Arrested FIFA Executive Webb Helped the Sport"), (u'Woods, Kerr, Kongkraphan Match Course Record', u'Cheyenne Woods, Cristie Kerr and P.K. Kongkraphan matched the course record at 9-under 63 on Thursday to share the first-round lead in the Manulife LPGA Classic. Cheyenne Woods, Cristie Kerr and P.K. Kongkraphan matched the course record at 9-under 63 on Thursday to share the first-round lead in the Manulife LPGA Classic. Woods, Kerr, Kongkraphan Match Course Record'), (u"Lightning Say 'Passive' Approach Cost Them Cup Opener", u"The Tampa Bay Lightning let the opening game of the Stanley Cup Final slip away with a passive approach down the stretch, and leaders of the young team said on Thursday a valuable lesson had been learned. The Tampa Bay Lightning let the opening game of the Stanley Cup Final slip away with a passive approach down the stretch, and leaders of the young team said on Thursday a valuable lesson had been learned. Lightning Say 'Passive' Approach Cost Them Cup Opener"), (u'Blackhawks Plead Ignorance About Shaw Possibly Biting Hedman', u'The Chicago Blackhawks pleaded ignorance Thursday about the possibility that right wing Andrew Shaw bit Tampa Bay defenseman Victor Hedman in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final. The Chicago Blackhawks pleaded ignorance Thursday about the possibility that right wing Andrew Shaw bit Tampa Bay defenseman Victor Hedman in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final. Blackhawks Plead Ignorance About Shaw Possibly Biting Hedman'), (u"Astros to Renovate Center Field, Remove Tal's Hill", u"The Astros have announced plans for a proposed renovation of center field at Minute Maid Park that would remove Tal's Hill and shorten the distance in center field from 436 feet to 409 feet. The Astros have announced plans for a proposed renovation of center field at Minute Maid Park that would remove Tal's Hill and shorten the distance in center field from 436 feet to 409 feet. Astros to Renovate Center Field, Remove Tal's Hill"), (u'IMSA Says Injured Worker From Belle Isle Improving', u"A safety worker injured in a race last weekend at Belle Isle was still hospitalized Thursday, though the International Motorsports Association says it's been informed his condition is improving. A safety worker injured in a race last weekend at Belle Isle was still hospitalized Thursday, though the International Motorsports Association says it's been informed his condition is improving. IMSA Says Injured Worker From Belle Isle Improving"), (u'Verstappen Must Learn From Mistake, Says Grosjean', u'Formula One teenager Max Verstappen drew criticism from an aggrieved Romain Grosjean and others on Thursday after saying the biggest crash of his fledgling career would have no impact on his approach to racing. Formula One teenager Max Verstappen drew criticism from an aggrieved Romain Grosjean and others on Thursday after saying the biggest crash of his fledgling career would have no impact on his approach to racing. Verstappen Must Learn From Mistake, Says Grosjean'), (u'Swedish Amateur Shares 3-Way Lead at Nordea Masters', u'Swedish amateur Marcus Kinhult was in a three-way tie for the lead after the opening day of the Nordea Masters on 5-under-par 67 on Thursday. Swedish amateur Marcus Kinhult was in a three-way tie for the lead after the opening day of the Nordea Masters on 5-under-par 67 on Thursday. Swedish Amateur Shares 3-Way Lead at Nordea Masters'), (u'Sick Serena Battles On to Set Up Safarova Final', u"Serena Williams did not smile, celebrate or even acknowledge the  standing ovation she was receiving from the roaring crowd as she watched Timea Bacsinszky's backhand float out on match point at the French Open on Thursday. Serena Williams did not smile, celebrate or even acknowledge the  standing ovation she was receiving from the roaring crowd as she watched Timea Bacsinszky's backhand float out on match point at the French Open on Thursday. Sick Serena Battles On to Set Up Safarova Final"), (u"White House Says 'Wouldn't Be Surprised' if FIFA Discussed at G7", u'A White House spokesman said on Thursday he "wouldn\'t be surprised" if the scandal over FIFA, soccer\'s global governing body, came up in discussion among world leaders at next week\'s G7 summit in Germany. A White House spokesman said on Thursday he "wouldn\'t be surprised" if the scandal over FIFA, soccer\'s global governing body, came up in discussion among world leaders at next week\'s G7 summit in Germany.  White House Says \'Wouldn\'t Be Surprised\' if FIFA Discussed at G7'), (u'NCAA Hits UNC With 5 Violations in Wake of Academic Scandal', u"North Carolina's long-running academic fraud scandal now includes five NCAA charges, including a lack of institutional control for poor oversight of an academic department popular with athletes and the counselors who advised them. North Carolina's long-running academic fraud scandal now includes five NCAA charges, including a lack of institutional control for poor oversight of an academic department popular with athletes and the counselors who advised them. NCAA Hits UNC With 5 Violations in Wake of Academic Scandal"), (u"Blatter May Want Business as Usual, Others Say 'Go Now'", u"To Sepp Blatter, it would seem to be almost business as usual as he sits at his presidential desk at the headquarters of embattled world soccer governing body FIFA. To Sepp Blatter, it would seem to be almost business as usual as he sits at his presidential desk at the headquarters of embattled world soccer governing body FIFA. Blatter May Want Business as Usual, Others Say 'Go Now'"), (u'FIFA-a Tragedy Tinged With Farce', u'In less than a week, the public face of FIFA has gone from something resembling an old-style Communist Party rally, with a defiant Sepp Blatter fronting ranks of flag-bearing youths, to what looks more like a scene from "Reservoir Dogs". In less than a week, the public face of FIFA has gone from something resembling an old-style Communist Party rally, with a defiant Sepp Blatter fronting ranks of flag-bearing youths, to what looks more like a scene from "Reservoir Dogs". FIFA-a Tragedy Tinged With Farce'), (u'Voges Debut Century Puts Australia in Command', u'Adam Voges became the oldest player to score a century on debut as Australia seized control of the first test against the West Indies on the second day in Dominica on Thursday. Adam Voges became the oldest player to score a century on debut as Australia seized control of the first test against the West Indies on the second day in Dominica on Thursday. Voges Debut Century Puts Australia in Command'), (u"Monaco? I've Moved on, Says Hamilton", u"The media pressed him on Monaco but Montreal and Mercedes were the only M words Lewis Hamilton wanted to talk about on Thursday. The media pressed him on Monaco but Montreal and Mercedes were the only M words Lewis Hamilton wanted to talk about on Thursday. Monaco? I've Moved on, Says Hamilton"), (u"FIFA Paid Ireland's FA $5 Million to Stop Legal Action", u"FIFA paid Ireland's FA (FAI) $5 million to avoid a legal case over a controversial World Cup playoff defeat in 2009, world soccer's governing body confirmed on Thursday. FIFA paid Ireland's FA (FAI) $5 million to avoid a legal case over a controversial World Cup playoff defeat in 2009, world soccer's governing body confirmed on Thursday. FIFA Paid Ireland's FA $5 Million to Stop Legal Action"), (u"F1: Hamilton Insists He's Put Monaco Pit Fiasco Behind Him", u"Lewis Hamilton insists he's not dwelling on a pit stop fiasco that likely cost him a chance at a victory in Monaco. Lewis Hamilton insists he's not dwelling on a pit stop fiasco that likely cost him a chance at a victory in Monaco. F1: Hamilton Insists He's Put Monaco Pit Fiasco Behind Him"), (u'Safarova Silences Ivanovic to Reach First Slam Final', u'Lucie Safarova became the first Czech woman in 34 years to reach the French Open final after she fought back to topple 2008 champion Ana Ivanovic 7-5 7-5 on Thursday. Lucie Safarova became the first Czech woman in 34 years to reach the French Open final after she fought back to topple 2008 champion Ana Ivanovic 7-5 7-5 on Thursday. Safarova Silences Ivanovic to Reach First Slam Final'), (u'Ill Williams Comes Back Again at French Open to Reach Final', u'At changeovers in her French Open semifinal, an ill Serena Williams walked ever so slowly to the sideline, where even lowering herself to sit seemed difficult. At changeovers in her French Open semifinal, an ill Serena Williams walked ever so slowly to the sideline, where even lowering herself to sit seemed difficult. Ill Williams Comes Back Again at French Open to Reach Final'), (u'Djokovic Still Faces Rocky Road to French Glory', u"Novak Djokovic's muted celebrations after ending Rafa Nadal's reign as claycourt king were partly out of respect for his Spanish victim but mainly due to the fact the his French Open mission is far from accomplished. Novak Djokovic's muted celebrations after ending Rafa Nadal's reign as claycourt king were partly out of respect for his Spanish victim but mainly due to the fact the his French Open mission is far from accomplished. Djokovic Still Faces Rocky Road to French Glory"), (u'French Open Lookahead: Djokovic-Murray, Wawrinka-Tsonga', u'Ever since adding his first Wimbledon and U.S. Open titles in 2011 to his haul of Australian Open trophies, Novak Djokovic has been coming to the French Open with one thing in mind: completing a career Grand Slam. Ever since adding his first Wimbledon and U.S. Open titles in 2011 to his haul of Australian Open trophies, Novak Djokovic has been coming to the French Open with one thing in mind: completing a career Grand Slam. French Open Lookahead: Djokovic-Murray, Wawrinka-Tsonga'), (u'PHOTO GALLERY: Landmark Finals in European Cup History', u'In the 60 years since Partizan Belgrade and Sporting Lisbon played out a 3-3 draw in the first European Cup match, the competition now known as Champions League has become the most important club football tournament in the world. In the 60 years since Partizan Belgrade and Sporting Lisbon played out a 3-3 draw in the first European Cup match, the competition now known as Champions League has become the most important club football tournament in the world. PHOTO GALLERY: Landmark Finals in European Cup History'), (u'Jack Warner Says He Knows FIFA\u2019s Secrets', u'Mr. Warner, a former vice president of soccer\u2019s governing body and a central figure in its scandal, vowed on Wednesday to reveal all he knows about Sepp Blatter and corruption within the organization. Mr. Warner, a former vice president of soccer\u2019s governing body and a central figure in its scandal, vowed on Wednesday to reveal all he knows about Sepp Blatter and corruption within the organization. Jack Warner Says He Knows FIFA\u2019s Secrets'), (u'Asian Confederation Reinforces Support for Qatar World Cup', u"The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) threw its weight behind the choice of Qatar for the 2022 World Cup on Thursday as international calls continued to question the Gulf state's right to host the tournament. The Asian Football Confederation (AFC) threw its weight behind the choice of Qatar for the 2022 World Cup on Thursday as international calls continued to question the Gulf state's right to host the tournament. Asian Confederation Reinforces Support for Qatar World Cup"), (u'Allegri Goes From Pariah to Brink of Immortality', u'When Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri was greeted with a hail of eggs and spat at on his first day at work he could not have imagined he would lead them to the brink of an unprecedented treble of titles in his first season. When Juventus coach Massimiliano Allegri was greeted with a hail of eggs and spat at on his first day at work he could not have imagined he would lead them to the brink of an unprecedented treble of titles in his first season. Allegri Goes From Pariah to Brink of Immortality'), (u'Debutant Luis Enrique Riding High With Barcelona', u'The enduring image of Luis Enrique for many football fans is the Spain player with blood gushing from his nose after a vicious elbow from Italy defender Mauro Tassotti in the 1994 World Cup quarter-finals in Boston. The enduring image of Luis Enrique for many football fans is the Spain player with blood gushing from his nose after a vicious elbow from Italy defender Mauro Tassotti in the 1994 World Cup quarter-finals in Boston. Debutant Luis Enrique Riding High With Barcelona'), (u'Morata Looking to Strike a Blow for Juve-And Real', u'Juventus forward Alvaro Morata seemed genuinely apologetic after he netted the goal that knocked his former club Real Madrid out in the Champions League semi-finals and he wants to try to make amends. Juventus forward Alvaro Morata seemed genuinely apologetic after he netted the goal that knocked his former club Real Madrid out in the Champions League semi-finals and he wants to try to make amends. Morata Looking to Strike a Blow for Juve-And Real'), (u'Messi the Man as Barca Close on Historic Treble', u"Barcelona's talismanic Lionel Messi remains the driving force of a talented side on the brink of repeating 2009's historic treble despite a change in their coach and style of football, not to mention a host of players. Barcelona's talismanic Lionel Messi remains the driving force of a talented side on the brink of repeating 2009's historic treble despite a change in their coach and style of football, not to mention a host of players. Messi the Man as Barca Close on Historic Treble"), (u'Analysis-Barcelona Back on Top After Flirting With Crisis', u'Barcelona appeared engulfed in crisis on and off the pitch only a few months ago and yet in a remarkable turnaround they are now one step away from a historic second treble. Barcelona appeared engulfed in crisis on and off the pitch only a few months ago and yet in a remarkable turnaround they are now one step away from a historic second treble. Analysis-Barcelona Back on Top After Flirting With Crisis'), (u'Economy Weighs on Russia World Cup Plans Amid FIFA Scandal', u"President Vladimir Putin is still likely to host the World Cup in 2018 despite an FBI investigation into Russia's winning bid but his hopes of staging a tournament that impresses his critics are fading. President Vladimir Putin is still likely to host the World Cup in 2018 despite an FBI investigation into Russia's winning bid but his hopes of staging a tournament that impresses his critics are fading. Economy Weighs on Russia World Cup Plans Amid FIFA Scandal"), (u'Belgium Up to Second in FIFA World Rankings', u'Belgium have moved second in the FIFA rankings released on Thursday, their highest ever position. Belgium have moved second in the FIFA rankings released on Thursday, their highest ever position. Belgium Up to Second in FIFA World Rankings'), (u'Analysis-Nadal a Spent Force? No! Say His Rivals', u"Rafa Nadal's brutal French Open defeat at the hands of Novak Djokovic on Wednesday provoked the predictable question of whether the Spaniard's career is in terminal decline. Rafa Nadal's brutal French Open defeat at the hands of Novak Djokovic on Wednesday provoked the predictable question of whether the Spaniard's career is in terminal decline. Analysis-Nadal a Spent Force? No! Say His Rivals"), (u"The Latest: Bacsinszky Not Affected by Serena's Ails in Semi", u"The Latest from the French Open: The Latest from the French Open: The Latest: Bacsinszky Not Affected by Serena's Ails in Semi"), (u'Spain Captain Frank About Chances in World Cup Debut', u"Spain captain Veronica Boquete is refreshingly honest about her nation's chances of lifting the trophy when they make their debut at a Women's World Cup finals in Canada this month. Spain captain Veronica Boquete is refreshingly honest about her nation's chances of lifting the trophy when they make their debut at a Women's World Cup finals in Canada this month. Spain Captain Frank About Chances in World Cup Debut"), (u"Profile on France Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers France: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers France: Profile on France Team for Women's World Cup"), (u"Profile on Spain Team for 2015 Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Spain: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Spain: Profile on Spain Team for 2015 Women's World Cup"), (u"Women's World Cup Qualifiers South Korea", u"Factbox on the South Korea women's team: Factbox on the South Korea women's team: Women's World Cup Qualifiers South Korea"), (u"Profile on England Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers England: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers England: Profile on England Team for Women's World Cup"), (u'England Daring to Dream of World Cup Success in Canada', u"England coach Mark Sampson believes his squad are good enough to win a maiden Women's World Cup next month after the way they blitzed their way into the finals winning all 10 qualifiers with a 52-1 goal tally. England coach Mark Sampson believes his squad are good enough to win a maiden Women's World Cup next month after the way they blitzed their way into the finals winning all 10 qualifiers with a 52-1 goal tally. England Daring to Dream of World Cup Success in Canada"), (u'France Hope Experience Will Pay Off at World Cup', u"France are gearing up for a pivotal Women's World Cup, hoping their recent club and country failures will help them to their maiden title in Canada. France are gearing up for a pivotal Women's World Cup, hoping their recent club and country failures will help them to their maiden title in Canada. France Hope Experience Will Pay Off at World Cup"), (u'Veteran Spain Coach Finally Makes It to World Cup', u"It has been a long, hard road for Ignacio Quereda but after almost three decades at the helm the Spain coach will finally see his charges debut at a Women's World Cup when the tournament in Canada gets underway on Saturday. It has been a long, hard road for Ignacio Quereda but after almost three decades at the helm the Spain coach will finally see his charges debut at a Women's World Cup when the tournament in Canada gets underway on Saturday. Veteran Spain Coach Finally Makes It to World Cup"), (u"South Korean Cup Hopes Rest on Ji's Shoulders", u"South Korea suffered three straight defeats and shipped 11 goals at their only previous Women's World Cup appearance in 2003, but it could be a different story this time around with English football's player of the year Ji So-yun spearheading their... South Korea suffered three straight defeats and shipped 11 goals at their only previous Women's World Cup appearance in 2003, but it could be a different story this time around with English football's player of the year Ji So-yun spearheading their Canadian campaign. South Korean Cup Hopes Rest on Ji's Shoulders"), (u'Brazil Hope Long Huddle Will Bring Success in Canada', u"Brazil have slipped down the world rankings in recent years and in a bid to recapture the form that took them to the semis in 1999 and 2007, they have adopted an all-or-nothing approach for the Women's World Cup. Brazil have slipped down the world rankings in recent years and in a bid to recapture the form that took them to the semis in 1999 and 2007, they have adopted an all-or-nothing approach for the Women's World Cup. Brazil Hope Long Huddle Will Bring Success in Canada"), (u'ICC Receives Abbas Presidency Nomination From Pakistan', u"The International Cricket Council has received Pakistan's nomination of former batsman Zaheer Abbas for the post of president left vacant by the resignation of Bangladesh's Mustafa Kamal in April, the governing body said on Thursday. The International Cricket Council has received Pakistan's nomination of former batsman Zaheer Abbas for the post of president left vacant by the resignation of Bangladesh's Mustafa Kamal in April, the governing body said on Thursday. ICC Receives Abbas Presidency Nomination From Pakistan"), (u'Djokovic Seals Spot at ATP Year-Ender', u'World number one Novak Djokovic will bid for a record fourth successive ATP World Tour Finals crown in London later this year after becoming the first man to qualify for the season-ender. World number one Novak Djokovic will bid for a record fourth successive ATP World Tour Finals crown in London later this year after becoming the first man to qualify for the season-ender. Djokovic Seals Spot at ATP Year-Ender'), (u'Slow Start, Fast Finish for Blackhawks as They Win Game 1', u'The Chicago Blackhawks overcame a slow start to race past the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1 in the opening game of the Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday. The Chicago Blackhawks overcame a slow start to race past the Tampa Bay Lightning 2-1 in the opening game of the Stanley Cup Finals on Wednesday. Slow Start, Fast Finish for Blackhawks as They Win Game 1'), (u'FIFA Audit, Compliance Head Rules Himself Out of Succession Race', u"The independent chairman of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, Domenico Scala, has taken himself out of the running to succeed Sepp Blatter as head of world soccer's governing body, a spokesman for Scala said on Thursday. The independent chairman of FIFA's audit and compliance committee, Domenico Scala, has taken himself out of the running to succeed Sepp Blatter as head of world soccer's governing body, a spokesman for Scala said on Thursday. FIFA Audit, Compliance Head Rules Himself Out of Succession Race"), (u"Britain Sees 'Very Strong' Case for Re-Running World Cup Bids if Process Corrupt: Sports Minister", u'There is a "very strong" case for re-running bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups if it is proved that the process of awarding the tournaments was corrupt, Britain\'s sports minister John Whittingdale said on Thursday. There is a "very strong" case for re-running bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups if it is proved that the process of awarding the tournaments was corrupt, Britain\'s sports minister John Whittingdale said on Thursday. Britain Sees \'Very Strong\' Case for Re-Running World Cup Bids if Process Corrupt: Sports Minister'), (u'South Africa Elite Police Squad Investigates FIFA Bribe Allegations', u"South Africa's elite Hawks police unit has opened a preliminary investigation into the involvement of local officials in the payment of what U.S. prosecutors call a $10 million bribe to a FIFA executive to secure the 2010 World Cup. South Africa's elite Hawks police unit has opened a preliminary investigation into the involvement of local officials in the payment of what U.S. prosecutors call a $10 million bribe to a FIFA executive to secure the 2010 World Cup. South Africa Elite Police Squad Investigates FIFA Bribe Allegations"), (u'Nadal Still Upbeat for Rest of the Year', u'Rafa Nadal believes he can recover from his crushing French Open quarter-final defeat by Novak Djokovic and return even stronger. Rafa Nadal believes he can recover from his crushing French Open quarter-final defeat by Novak Djokovic and return even stronger. Nadal Still Upbeat for Rest of the Year'), (u"Benfica's Jesus to Coach Local Rivals Sporting-Reports", u"Benfica coach Jorge Jesus, who secured the second Portuguese league title in a row for the Lisbon side last month, is poised to move to crosstown rivals Sporting after a salary dispute, local media said. Benfica coach Jorge Jesus, who secured the second Portuguese league title in a row for the Lisbon side last month, is poised to move to crosstown rivals Sporting after a salary dispute, local media said. Benfica's Jesus to Coach Local Rivals Sporting-Reports"), (u"Juve's Chiellini Out of Champions League Final", u"Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini's hotly anticipated first meeting with Luis Suarez since the Uruguay forward bit him at the World Cup has been scuppered through injury and he will miss Saturday's Champions League final. Juventus defender Giorgio Chiellini's hotly anticipated first meeting with Luis Suarez since the Uruguay forward bit him at the World Cup has been scuppered through injury and he will miss Saturday's Champions League final. Juve's Chiellini Out of Champions League Final"), (u'Liverpool Sign Milner From Manchester City', u'Liverpool have moved quickly into the transfer market after a disappointing end to the season, announcing on Thursday that midfielder James Milner was joining them from Manchester City. Liverpool have moved quickly into the transfer market after a disappointing end to the season, announcing on Thursday that midfielder James Milner was joining them from Manchester City. Liverpool Sign Milner From Manchester City'), (u'Singapore Pair Eyeing Record Hauls in Swimming at SEA Games', u'Two Singaporean teenagers, both with the same unfathomable ambitions, are poised to dominate the swimming competition at the Southeast Asian Games. Two Singaporean teenagers, both with the same unfathomable ambitions, are poised to dominate the swimming competition at the Southeast Asian Games. Singapore Pair Eyeing Record Hauls in Swimming at SEA Games'), (u'Asia Central to Picking Next FIFA Chief', u"Once a football minnow, the Middle East has emerged as one of the sport's most powerful blocs during Sepp Blatter's 17-year reign at FIFA, and is likely to have a big say in who will replace the 79-year-old Swiss, who is stepping down amid a... Once a football minnow, the Middle East has emerged as one of the sport's most powerful blocs during Sepp Blatter's 17-year reign at FIFA, and is likely to have a big say in who will replace the 79-year-old Swiss, who is stepping down amid a deepening corruption scandal at the organisation. Asia Central to Picking Next FIFA Chief"), (u"Russian Sports Minister Says 'No Risk' of Russia Losing 2018 World Cup-RIA", u"Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Thursday there was no risk of Russia losing the 2018 football World Cup finals after the United States said it was investigating the bidding process. Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Thursday there was no risk of Russia losing the 2018 football World Cup finals after the United States said it was investigating the bidding process. Russian Sports Minister Says 'No Risk' of Russia Losing 2018 World Cup-RIA"), (u'Bangladesh ODI Skipper Injured in Cycle Rickshaw Shunt', u"Bangladesh skipper Mashrafe Mortaza's preparations for the one-day international series against India have been disrupted by hand injuries sustained while riding to training in a cycle rickshaw. Bangladesh skipper Mashrafe Mortaza's preparations for the one-day international series against India have been disrupted by hand injuries sustained while riding to training in a cycle rickshaw. Bangladesh ODI Skipper Injured in Cycle Rickshaw Shunt"), (u"Slow Going in India's Search for Fletcher Successor", u"India have been without a head coach since Duncan Fletcher left in March, and with two low-profile tours in the offing and the appointment of a new advisory panel just this week, the country's cricket board appears in no rush to name a successor. India have been without a head coach since Duncan Fletcher left in March, and with two low-profile tours in the offing and the appointment of a new advisory panel just this week, the country's cricket board appears in no rush to name a successor. Slow Going in India's Search for Fletcher Successor"), (u'Five Things to Know From NBA Finals Practices', u'They talked about ending championship droughts, starting new traditions and building legacies. They talked about ending championship droughts, starting new traditions and building legacies. Five Things to Know From NBA Finals Practices'), (u'Tulowitzki, Arenado Lift Rockies to 7-6 Win Over Dodgers', u'Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in five runs, Nolan Arenado hit a game-winning sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied for a 7-6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on a rainy Wednesday night. Troy Tulowitzki homered and drove in five runs, Nolan Arenado hit a game-winning sacrifice fly in the ninth inning and the Colorado Rockies rallied for a 7-6 victory over the Los Angeles Dodgers on a rainy Wednesday night. Tulowitzki, Arenado Lift Rockies to 7-6 Win Over Dodgers'), (u"Blackhawks' Depth a Problem for Lightning in Game 2", u"And to think, Teuvo Teravainen and Antoine Vermette were healthy scratches for the Chicago Blackhawks less than two weeks ago. And to think, Teuvo Teravainen and Antoine Vermette were healthy scratches for the Chicago Blackhawks less than two weeks ago. Blackhawks' Depth a Problem for Lightning in Game 2"), (u'Matsuyama, Van Pelt Tied at Memorial; Woods 9 Behind', u'Hideki Matsuyama was bracing for a rough day at the Memorial and wound up with a share of the lead Thursday. Hideki Matsuyama was bracing for a rough day at the Memorial and wound up with a share of the lead Thursday. Matsuyama, Van Pelt Tied at Memorial; Woods 9 Behind'), (u'FBI Extends FIFA Scrutiny to World Cup Host Bids of Russia, Qatar', u"The FBI's investigation of bribery and corruption at FIFA includes scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia and Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said. The FBI's investigation of bribery and corruption at FIFA includes scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia and Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said. FBI Extends FIFA Scrutiny to World Cup Host Bids of Russia, Qatar"), (u'Triple Crown Contender American Pharoah Has His Quirks', u'Like a lot of athletes, American Pharoah has his quirks. Like a lot of athletes, American Pharoah has his quirks. Triple Crown Contender American Pharoah Has His Quirks'), (u'Fiji Cause Massive Upset With 3-0 Win Over Honduras', u'Fiji caused a massive upset in the under-20 World Cup on Thursday with a 3-0 win over Honduras, arguably doing more for the fortunes of Oceania soccer than any other team from the collection of 11 South Pacific nations. Fiji caused a massive upset in the under-20 World Cup on Thursday with a 3-0 win over Honduras, arguably doing more for the fortunes of Oceania soccer than any other team from the collection of 11 South Pacific nations. Fiji Cause Massive Upset With 3-0 Win Over Honduras'), (u'Coach Salazar, Rupp Hit Back at Doping Report', u'Top athletics coach Alberto Salazar and U.S. Olympic silver medalist Galen Rupp have denied any wrongdoing after a BBC documentary accused them of violating anti-doping rules. Top athletics coach Alberto Salazar and U.S. Olympic silver medalist Galen Rupp have denied any wrongdoing after a BBC documentary accused them of violating anti-doping rules. Coach Salazar, Rupp Hit Back at Doping Report'), (u'LEADING OFF: Cards-Dodgers, Keuchel in June, Harvey Day', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues today: LEADING OFF: Cards-Dodgers, Keuchel in June, Harvey Day"), (u"Kevin Kiermaier's 10th-Inning HR Helps Rays Beat Angels 6-5", u"Kevin Kiermaier led off the 10th inning with a home run after rookies Joey Butler and Steven Souza Jr. went deep to account for all the scoring in Tampa Bay's five-run sixth, leading the Rays to a 6-5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday... Kevin Kiermaier led off the 10th inning with a home run after rookies Joey Butler and Steven Souza Jr. went deep to account for all the scoring in Tampa Bay's five-run sixth, leading the Rays to a 6-5 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Wednesday night. Kevin Kiermaier's 10th-Inning HR Helps Rays Beat Angels 6-5"), (u'Australia Police Probe World Cup Bid for Stolen Cash', u"Australia's national police are evaluating the country's failed bid to host the 2022 World Cup to see if any funds were misappropriated, as the fallout from the FIFA scandal continued to resonate around the world on Thursday. Australia's national police are evaluating the country's failed bid to host the 2022 World Cup to see if any funds were misappropriated, as the fallout from the FIFA scandal continued to resonate around the world on Thursday. Australia Police Probe World Cup Bid for Stolen Cash"), (u'Accused Former FIFA Vice President Warner Vows to Tell All', u"Former FIFA Vice President Jack Warner, a central figure in world soccer's deepening scandal, has vowed to tell investigators all he knows about corruption within the sport's governing body. Former FIFA Vice President Jack Warner, a central figure in world soccer's deepening scandal, has vowed to tell investigators all he knows about corruption within the sport's governing body. Accused Former FIFA Vice President Warner Vows to Tell All"), (u'Shields Improves to 7-0, Pitches Padres Past Mets 7-3', u'James Shields threw seven strong innings to remain unbeaten and Will Middlebrooks drove in three runs as the San Diego Padres won a home series for the first time in a month with a 7-3 victory over the New York Mets on Wednesday night. James Shields threw seven strong innings to remain unbeaten and Will Middlebrooks drove in three runs as the San Diego Padres won a home series for the first time in a month with a 7-3 victory over the New York Mets on Wednesday night. Shields Improves to 7-0, Pitches Padres Past Mets 7-3'), (u'Public Enemy No. 9', u'When Luis Su\xe1rez runs out onto the field for Barcelona in Saturday\u2019s Champions League final against Juventus, there will be no shortage of players with a score to settle with him on the other side. When Luis Su\xe1rez runs out onto the field for Barcelona in Saturday\u2019s Champions League final against Juventus, there will be no shortage of players with a score to settle with him on the other side. Public Enemy No. 9'), (u'Dillon Gee Falters, as Does the Mets&#8217; Fielding', u'In his return from the disabled list, Gee, the Mets\u2019 sixth starter, couldn\u2019t get through five innings for the first time in his last 52 starts. In his return from the disabled list, Gee, the Mets\u2019 sixth starter, couldn\u2019t get through five innings for the first time in his last 52 starts. Dillon Gee Falters, as Does the Mets&#8217; Fielding'), (u'Mark Buehrle Tosses Shutout as Blue Jays Rout Nationals', u'Mark Buehrle threw a six-hitter and the Toronto Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning to close their series against the Washington Nationals with a win. Mark Buehrle threw a six-hitter and the Toronto Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning to close their series against the Washington Nationals with a win. Baseball Roundup; Toronto Blue Jays defeat Washington Nationals, 8-0. Mark Buehrle Tosses Shutout as Blue Jays Rout Nationals'), (u'Lightning\u2019s Attackers Are Quick, but Blackhawks\u2019 Comeback Is Quicker', u'The Blackhawks withstood the Lightning&#8217;s speed before scoring two third-period goals in less than two minutes in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup finals. The Blackhawks withstood the Lightning&#8217;s speed before scoring two third-period goals in less than two minutes in Game 1 of the Stanley Cup finals. Chicago Blackhawks defeat Tampa Bay Lightning, 2-1, to take one-games-to-nil lead Stanley Cup finals. Lightning\u2019s Attackers Are Quick, but Blackhawks\u2019 Comeback Is Quicker'), (u'University of Iowa Is Subject of Gender Bias Inquiry', u'The United States Education Department is beginning an investigation into the University of Iowa\u2019s handling of gender discrimination claims against Athletic Director Gary Barta. The United States Education Department is beginning an investigation into the University of Iowa\u2019s handling of gender discrimination claims against Athletic Director Gary Barta. University of Iowa Is Subject of Gender Bias Inquiry'), (u'Real Madrid Hires Rafa Ben\xedtez as Coach', u'Real Madrid gave Ben\xedtez a three-year contract. Real Madrid gave Ben\xedtez a three-year contract. Real Madrid Hires Rafa Ben\xedtez as Coach'), (u'New Leader for New York Board', u'Michael Del Giudice, the New York Racing Association\u2019s vice chairman, will lead the association\u2019s board. Michael Del Giudice, the New York Racing Association\u2019s vice chairman, will lead the association\u2019s board. Michael Del Giudice will lead New York Racing Assn following departure of Anthony Bonomo. New Leader for New York Board'), (u'Florida Repeats as Series Champs', u'Florida (60-7) won its second straight Women\u2019s College World Series behind Lauren Haeger\u2019s complete game. Florida (60-7) won its second straight Women\u2019s College World Series behind Lauren Haeger\u2019s complete game. Florida defeats Michigan, 4-1, to win its second consecutive national softball championship; other college sports news noted. Florida Repeats as Series Champs'), (u'Gary Bettman Denies Brain Disease Link', u'N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman on Wednesday stood by his recent comment that there was no definitive evidence linking hockey and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. N.H.L. Commissioner Gary Bettman on Wednesday stood by his recent comment that there was no definitive evidence linking hockey and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. NHL Commissioner Gary Bettman says there is no definitive evidence that links hockey and chronic traumatic encephalopathy, degenerative brain disease that scientists have found in many athletes who played contact sports. Gary Bettman Denies Brain Disease Link'), (u'Recognizing Art in the Other Side of the Beautiful Game', u'As a central defender, I\u2019ve come to appreciate the defensive sophistication of a team like Juventus as much as Barcelona\u2019s offensive flair. As a central defender, I\u2019ve come to appreciate the defensive sophistication of a team like Juventus as much as Barcelona\u2019s offensive flair. Recognizing Art in the Other Side of the Beautiful Game'), (u'A Team With More Twists Than the Cuyahoga, and Just as Much Grit', u'After a struggle of a season, filled with slumps, spurts and injuries, the Cavaliers enter the finals with a city&#8217;s hopes on their shoulders. After a struggle of a season, filled with slumps, spurts and injuries, the Cavaliers enter the finals with a city&#8217;s hopes on their shoulders. Essay by John Hyduk holds that Cleveland Cavaliers, preparing for NBA finals against Golden State Warriors, have chance to revive the sports-mad city. A Team With More Twists Than the Cuyahoga, and Just as Much Grit'), (u'A Golden State Warriors Fan Tries to Look at the Series Objectively', u'I have to admit that when it comes to the Golden State Warriors, I am a fan of the most emotional and irrational sort. As such, I am having trouble analyzing the N.B.A. finals. I have to admit that when it comes to the Golden State Warriors, I am a fan of the most emotional and irrational sort. As such, I am having trouble analyzing the N.B.A. finals. Benjamin Hoffman Keeping Score column predicts that Golden State Warriors will win NBA championship by defeating Cleveland Cavaliers in six games. A Golden State Warriors Fan Tries to Look at the Series Objectively'), (u'To Find the Next Nicklaus, Don&#8217;t Look to a Nicklaus ', u'Jordan Spieth, 21, and Rory McIlroy, 26, are successful young golfers, but youth is rare in a sport that has been called slow, difficult and expensive by a younger generation. Jordan Spieth, 21, and Rory McIlroy, 26, are successful young golfers, but youth is rare in a sport that has been called slow, difficult and expensive by a younger generation. Karen Crouse On Golf column holds that young golfers Jordan Spieth and Rory McIlroy have become quite accomplished while still in their 20s, rarity in sport that comes with high costs in terms of time and money. To Find the Next Nicklaus, Don&#8217;t Look to a Nicklaus '), (u'Long Path to the Top of Racing for Larry Collmus, the Voice of the Triple Crown', u"Collmus, the successor of the renowned Tom Durkin, began calling races at age 18 and has called the Triple Crown races since 2011. Collmus, the successor of the renowned Tom Durkin, began calling races at age 18 and has called the Triple Crown races since 2011. Profile of Larry Collmus, thoroughbred horse racing announcer who will call American Pharoah's attempt to win Triple Crown at Belmont Stakes. Long Path to the Top of Racing for Larry Collmus, the Voice of the Triple Crown"), (u'Ryan Fitzpatrick Is Ready to Impress Jets, Even as a Backup', u'Ryan Fitzpatrick deflected questions about whether he feels he has a legitimate chance to unseat Geno Smith as the starting quarterback. Ryan Fitzpatrick deflected questions about whether he feels he has a legitimate chance to unseat Geno Smith as the starting quarterback. Ryan Fitzpatrick Is Ready to Impress Jets, Even as a Backup'), (u'Masahiro Tanaka&#8217;s Sterling Return Lifts Yankees Over Mariners', u'Tanaka, back from the disabled list, gave up one run and three hits in seven efficient innings, allowing his only base runners in the third inning. Tanaka, back from the disabled list, gave up one run and three hits in seven efficient innings, allowing his only base runners in the third inning. New York Yankees defeat Seattle Mariners, 3-1. Masahiro Tanaka&#8217;s Sterling Return Lifts Yankees Over Mariners'), (u'Report Accuses Track Coach Alberto Salazar of Promoting Doping by His Runners', u'The coach was accused by a former assistant and a former runner who trained under him of breaking doping rules, according to a report by ProPublica and the BBC. The coach was accused by a former assistant and a former runner who trained under him of breaking doping rules, according to a report by ProPublica and the BBC. Former runner Steve Magness accuses track coach Alberto Salazar of breaking doping rules. Report Accuses Track Coach Alberto Salazar of Promoting Doping by His Runners'), (u'Ex-FIFA Official Chuck Blazer Admitted Accepting Bribes for World Cup Votes', u'Blazer told a judge in 2013 that he and others on FIFA\u2019s executive committee had accepted bribes for their support in the bidding to host the 1998 and 2010 World Cups. Blazer told a judge in 2013 that he and others on FIFA\u2019s executive committee had accepted bribes for their support in the bidding to host the 1998 and 2010 World Cups. Former FIFA member Chuck Blazer admitted to judge in 2013 that he had taken bribes from bidders seeking to host 1998 and 2010 World Cups; his guilty plea led to latest indictments of FIFA officials on corruption charges. Ex-FIFA Official Chuck Blazer Admitted Accepting Bribes for World Cup Votes'), (u'Women\u2019s World Cup 2015: China, an Early Power, Seeks a Way Back', u"As it opens the 2015 Women\u2019s World Cup on Saturday against host Canada, China is no longer the best women\u2019s soccer team in Asia, much less the world. As it opens the 2015 Women\u2019s World Cup on Saturday against host Canada, China is no longer the best women\u2019s soccer team in Asia, much less the world. China's once great women's national soccer team is set to open 2015 Women's World Cup soccer tournament against host Canada; officials blame lack of government financing and competitive education system and one-child policy for team's decline. Women\u2019s World Cup 2015: China, an Early Power, Seeks a Way Back"), (u'The Long Chase Is Over as Novak Djokovic Clobbers Rafael Nadal', u"Djokovic, the No. 1 seed, dominated Nadal, a nine-time French Open champion, a feat that should not be diminished by Nadal\u2019s No. 7 ranking and spotty play this season. Djokovic, the No. 1 seed, dominated Nadal, a nine-time French Open champion, a feat that should not be diminished by Nadal\u2019s No. 7 ranking and spotty play this season. Christopher Clarey On Tennis column highlights Novak Djokovic's victory over Rafael Nadal in men's quarterfinals at French Open tennis tournament; holds that feat should not be diminished because of Nadal's spotty play this season, considering Nadal has won French Open nine times. The Long Chase Is Over as Novak Djokovic Clobbers Rafael Nadal"), (u'In Belmont Draw, American Pharoah Gets Post 5 in Field of Eight', u'American Pharoah will launch his Triple Crown bid from the No. 5 post as the odds-on favorite Saturday in the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes. American Pharoah will launch his Triple Crown bid from the No. 5 post as the odds-on favorite Saturday in the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes. Triple Crown hopeful American Pharoah, morning-line favorite, will start from the No 5 post in 2015 Belmont Stakes; post positions and odds for race are listed. In Belmont Draw, American Pharoah Gets Post 5 in Field of Eight'), (u'Timea Bacsinszky, Who Once Put Aside Hotel Studies, Reaches the Semifinals', u"Bacsinszky, the No. 23 seed, will face top-seeded Serena Williams, who ended a streak of slow starts by handling 17th-seeded Sara Errani, 6-1, 6-3, on Wednesday. Bacsinszky, the No. 23 seed, will face top-seeded Serena Williams, who ended a streak of slow starts by handling 17th-seeded Sara Errani, 6-1, 6-3, on Wednesday. Timea Bacsinszky defeats Alison Van Uytvanck to advance to women's semifinals at French Open tennis tournament, where she will face Serena Williams. Timea Bacsinszky, Who Once Put Aside Hotel Studies, Reaches the Semifinals"), (u'In Warriors-Cavaliers N.B.A. Finals, \u2018Four Factors\u2019 Loom Large', u'A look at the N.B.A. finals matchup through the lens of Dean Oliver\u2019s \u201cfour factors\u201d: making field goals, making free throws, rebounding and avoiding turnovers. A look at the N.B.A. finals matchup through the lens of Dean Oliver\u2019s \u201cfour factors\u201d: making field goals, making free throws, rebounding and avoiding turnovers. Preview of NBA championship series between Cleveland Cavaliers and Golden State Warriors compares shooting, turnovers, rebounding and free throws, which Basketball On Paper author Dean Oliver calls four most important keys to team success in basketball. In Warriors-Cavaliers N.B.A. Finals, \u2018Four Factors\u2019 Loom Large'), (u'Rangers\u2019 Joey Gallo Makes Debut With 3 Hits and a Home Run', u'Playing for the injured Adrian Beltre, Gallo was 3 for 4 with a home run, a double, a walk and four runs batted in on Tuesday night in Arlington, Tex. Playing for the injured Adrian Beltre, Gallo was 3 for 4 with a home run, a double, a walk and four runs batted in on Tuesday night in Arlington, Tex. Rangers\u2019 Joey Gallo Makes Debut With 3 Hits and a Home Run'), (u'Sepp Blatter\u2019s Resignation Removes an Obstacle to FIFA Overhaul', u'The world governing body of soccer not only has to find a new president, it also has to change its culture, which is shrouded in secrecy, corruption and self-enrichment. The world governing body of soccer not only has to find a new president, it also has to change its culture, which is shrouded in secrecy, corruption and self-enrichment. Sepp Blatter\u2019s Resignation Removes an Obstacle to FIFA Overhaul'), (u'Stephen Curry Gave Davidson Good Publicity, and a Bad Rap', u'At Davidson College, Curry appeared in a music video that was equal parts fascinating, hilarious and terrible. At Davidson College, Curry appeared in a music video that was equal parts fascinating, hilarious and terrible. Golden State Warriors point guard Stephen Curry, who is preparing with team for NBA finals against Cleveland Cavaliers, made goofy rap video in college about Commons, cafeteria at Davidson College that was a refuge for most students. Stephen Curry Gave Davidson Good Publicity, and a Bad Rap'), (u'Interpol Issues Alerts for 6 After Sepp Blatter Says He\u2019ll Quit', u'The so-called red notices, issued at the request of the United States, were for two former senior FIFA officials and four corporate executives. The so-called red notices, issued at the request of the United States, were for two former senior FIFA officials and four corporate executives. Interpol Issues Alerts for 6 After Sepp Blatter Says He\u2019ll Quit'), (u'Bad 3rd Period Costs Lightning Game 1 of Stanley Cup Final', u'Victor Hedman whacked the sideboard with his stick in frustration before retreating to a disappointed locker room. Victor Hedman whacked the sideboard with his stick in frustration before retreating to a disappointed locker room. Bad 3rd Period Costs Lightning Game 1 of Stanley Cup Final'), (u'Barrett or Carter? All Blacks Flyhalf Debate Ramps Up', u"Beauden Barrett's return to Super Rugby on Friday should serve to ease a concern or two for All Blacks coach Steve Hansen about his World Cup selection plans. Beauden Barrett's return to Super Rugby on Friday should serve to ease a concern or two for All Blacks coach Steve Hansen about his World Cup selection plans. Barrett or Carter? All Blacks Flyhalf Debate Ramps Up"), (u'Abreu Homers, Sale Cruises as White Sox Top Rangers 9-2', u'Jose Abreu homered in a six-run second after missing three games with an injured finger, Chris Sale struck out a season-high 13 in seven shutout innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 9-2 on Wednesday night. Jose Abreu homered in a six-run second after missing three games with an injured finger, Chris Sale struck out a season-high 13 in seven shutout innings and the Chicago White Sox beat the Texas Rangers 9-2 on Wednesday night. Abreu Homers, Sale Cruises as White Sox Top Rangers 9-2'), (u'Blackhawks Rally to Stun Tampa Bay 2-1 in Final Opener', u'Although Teuvo Teravainen has been with the Chicago Blackhawks for just a few months, the 20-year-old Finn already fits in perfectly on a veteran club with a knack for big-game greatness. Although Teuvo Teravainen has been with the Chicago Blackhawks for just a few months, the 20-year-old Finn already fits in perfectly on a veteran club with a knack for big-game greatness. Blackhawks Rally to Stun Tampa Bay 2-1 in Final Opener'), (u"Phils Rally for 5-4 Win Over Reds on Pitcher's Error in 11th", u"Cody Asche scored from second base on a fielding error by pitcher Ryan Mattheus in the 11th inning, lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5-4 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night after Maikel Franco hit a tying, three-run homer off... Cody Asche scored from second base on a fielding error by pitcher Ryan Mattheus in the 11th inning, lifting the Philadelphia Phillies to a 5-4 win over the Cincinnati Reds on Wednesday night after Maikel Franco hit a tying, three-run homer off Aroldis Chapman in the ninth. Phils Rally for 5-4 Win Over Reds on Pitcher's Error in 11th"), (u'Vargas Sharp, Royals Beat Up Kluber in 4-2 Win Over Indians', u'Jason Vargas tossed six sharp innings, the Kansas City offense finally woke up against AL Cy Young winner Corey Kluber and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 4-2 on Wednesday night. Jason Vargas tossed six sharp innings, the Kansas City offense finally woke up against AL Cy Young winner Corey Kluber and the Royals beat the Cleveland Indians 4-2 on Wednesday night. Vargas Sharp, Royals Beat Up Kluber in 4-2 Win Over Indians'), (u'Florida Beats Michigan 4-1 for Repeat National Title', u'Florida got everything right &#8212; except its championship celebration. Florida got everything right &#8212; except its championship celebration. Florida Beats Michigan 4-1 for Repeat National Title'), (u'McCullers, Carter Lead Astros Over Orioles 3-1', u'Rookie Lance McCullers allowed one run in a complete game, Chris Carter provided the offense with a pair of homers and the Houston Astros picked up another win, 3-1, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night. Rookie Lance McCullers allowed one run in a complete game, Chris Carter provided the offense with a pair of homers and the Houston Astros picked up another win, 3-1, over the Baltimore Orioles on Wednesday night. McCullers, Carter Lead Astros Over Orioles 3-1'), (u'Benches Clear Before Marlins Beat Cubs 7-3', u'A bench-clearing confrontation led by injured Miami Marlins ace Jose Fernandez and Chicago Cubs outfielder Junior Lake ended in a standoff. A bench-clearing confrontation led by injured Miami Marlins ace Jose Fernandez and Chicago Cubs outfielder Junior Lake ended in a standoff. Benches Clear Before Marlins Beat Cubs 7-3'), (u'Venezuelan Authorities Raid Local Football Federation Amid FIFA Scandal', u'Military intelligence raided the headquarters of the Venezuelan Football Federation (FVF) on Wednesday as part of a corruption investigation following the arrest of its former president Rafael Esquivel in Switzerland. Military intelligence raided the headquarters of the Venezuelan Football Federation (FVF) on Wednesday as part of a corruption investigation following the arrest of its former president Rafael Esquivel in Switzerland. Venezuelan Authorities Raid Local Football Federation Amid FIFA Scandal'), (u"Gray and A's Send Tigers to 6th Straight Loss, 6-1", u"Sonny Gray pitched eight shutout innings and Billy Burns hit a bases-loaded triple as the Oakland Athletics handed the Detroit Tigers their sixth straight loss, 6-1 on Wednesday night. Sonny Gray pitched eight shutout innings and Billy Burns hit a bases-loaded triple as the Oakland Athletics handed the Detroit Tigers their sixth straight loss, 6-1 on Wednesday night. Gray and A's Send Tigers to 6th Straight Loss, 6-1"), (u'Buehrle Dominates Nationals; Blue Jays Win 8-0', u'Mark Buehrle threw a six-hitter &#8212; his 11th career shutout &#8212; and the Toronto Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning to close the interleague series against the Washington Nationals with an 8-0 victory Wednesday night. Mark Buehrle threw a six-hitter &#8212; his 11th career shutout &#8212; and the Toronto Blue Jays scored four runs in the first inning to close the interleague series against the Washington Nationals with an 8-0 victory Wednesday night. Buehrle Dominates Nationals; Blue Jays Win 8-0'), (u'Reds RHP Mike Leake Has No-Hit Bid Broken Up in 7th Inning', u'Maikel Franco has singled with two outs in the seventh inning for the first hit off Cincinnati Reds right-hander Mike Leake. Maikel Franco has singled with two outs in the seventh inning for the first hit off Cincinnati Reds right-hander Mike Leake. Reds RHP Mike Leake Has No-Hit Bid Broken Up in 7th Inning'), (u'Bettman Soothes Worries Over Coyotes, Panthers Before Final', u"Commissioner Gary Bettman sees few glaring problems with the NHL as the Stanley Cup Final gets underway in a model Sun Belt hockey market, and he is eager to soothe any worries about two of his league's other warm-weather teams. Commissioner Gary Bettman sees few glaring problems with the NHL as the Stanley Cup Final gets underway in a model Sun Belt hockey market, and he is eager to soothe any worries about two of his league's other warm-weather teams. Bettman Soothes Worries Over Coyotes, Panthers Before Final"), (u'Mariners Get Trumbo From Diamondbacks in 6-Player Trade', u'In need of a spark for its struggling offense, the Seattle Mariners took a significant step in trying to avoid completely falling out of the AL West race. In need of a spark for its struggling offense, the Seattle Mariners took a significant step in trying to avoid completely falling out of the AL West race. Mariners Get Trumbo From Diamondbacks in 6-Player Trade'), (u'Manor Marussia Name Leimer as Official Reserve', u'Swiss driver Fabio Leimer will take part in free practice sessions at Formula One grands prix this season after being appointed official reserve at the Manor Marussia team on Wednesday. Swiss driver Fabio Leimer will take part in free practice sessions at Formula One grands prix this season after being appointed official reserve at the Manor Marussia team on Wednesday. Manor Marussia Name Leimer as Official Reserve'), (u'Long Arm of U.S. Law May Struggle to Reach All FIFA Defendants', u'U.S. prosecutors may find it difficult to get a&#160;number of the people they have charged in the FIFA bribery scandal to face the music. Several cannot be found, and the authorities in some countries may not agree to extradition requests. U.S. prosecutors may find it difficult to get a&#160;number of the people they have charged in the FIFA bribery scandal to face the music. Several cannot be found, and the authorities in some countries may not agree to extradition requests. Long Arm of U.S. Law May Struggle to Reach All FIFA Defendants'), (u'Champagne Calls for Transparent Debate on FIFA Future', u'Former FIFA presidential candidate Jerome Champagne has said there needs to be "transparent, democratic and meaningful debate" within world soccer\'s scandal-hit governing body, but has yet to decide whether he will run again for the top job. Former FIFA presidential candidate Jerome Champagne has said there needs to be "transparent, democratic and meaningful debate" within world soccer\'s scandal-hit governing body, but has yet to decide whether he will run again for the top job.  Champagne Calls for Transparent Debate on FIFA Future'), (u'Cash-Rich Premier League Remains in a League of Its Own', u'The Premier League continues to pull away from its European rivals in terms of total revenue, if not quality on the pitch, and the bubble looks unlikely to burst any time soon. The Premier League continues to pull away from its European rivals in terms of total revenue, if not quality on the pitch, and the bubble looks unlikely to burst any time soon. Cash-Rich Premier League Remains in a League of Its Own'), (u'Top Scorer Hope Makes No Excuses for Woeful Windies Batting', u'West Indies batsman Shai Hope offered no excuses for his team&#8217;s woeful batting performance against Australia in the first test on Wednesday. West Indies batsman Shai Hope offered no excuses for his team&#8217;s woeful batting performance against Australia in the first test on Wednesday. Top Scorer Hope Makes No Excuses for Woeful Windies Batting'), (u'Curry Set for His NBA Finals Moment Against LeBron, Cavs', u'Stephen Curry was early in his career, a long way from even thinking about the NBA Finals. Stephen Curry was early in his career, a long way from even thinking about the NBA Finals. Curry Set for His NBA Finals Moment Against LeBron, Cavs'), (u"The Latest: 'Finnish Cold' Teravainen Comes Up Big", u"The latest from Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final: The latest from Game 1 of the Stanley Cup Final: The Latest: 'Finnish Cold' Teravainen Comes Up Big"), (u"Spieth Headlines Top-Notch Field at 'Major-Like' Memorial", u"Most of the game's leading players have gathered for this week's Memorial tournament in Dublin, Ohio, where the leafy Muirfield Village layout is always in immaculate shape for a PGA Tour event that enjoys major-like status. Most of the game's leading players have gathered for this week's Memorial tournament in Dublin, Ohio, where the leafy Muirfield Village layout is always in immaculate shape for a PGA Tour event that enjoys major-like status. Spieth Headlines Top-Notch Field at 'Major-Like' Memorial"), (u"Zimmer's Voice Was Important in Peterson's Return to Vikings", u"Mike Zimmer was Adrian Peterson's coach for a mere offseason and one regular season game, before the tumultuous hiatus began for the Minnesota Vikings running back. Mike Zimmer was Adrian Peterson's coach for a mere offseason and one regular season game, before the tumultuous hiatus began for the Minnesota Vikings running back. Zimmer's Voice Was Important in Peterson's Return to Vikings"), (u'Thinking He Was an Underachiever Made Nicklaus Better', u"Jack Nicklaus won 18 professional majors and 73 times on the PGA Tour, which is why he often is referred to as golf's greatest champion. And he's not sure he lived up to his talent. Jack Nicklaus won 18 professional majors and 73 times on the PGA Tour, which is why he often is referred to as golf's greatest champion. And he's not sure he lived up to his talent. Thinking He Was an Underachiever Made Nicklaus Better"), (u"Waltrip: 'A Lot of Unrest' in NASCAR Led to Driver Council", u"NASCAR has never had much of an appetite for drivers uniting to create a single voice. The sanctioning body once banned Curtis Turner for trying to form a union in 1961. NASCAR has never had much of an appetite for drivers uniting to create a single voice. The sanctioning body once banned Curtis Turner for trying to form a union in 1961. Waltrip: 'A Lot of Unrest' in NASCAR Led to Driver Council"), (u'LeBron a Favorite in Vegas Even if Cavaliers Are Not', u'LeBron James will do more than just make a lot of people in Cleveland happy if he can find a way to lead the Cavaliers over Golden State in the NBA Finals. LeBron James will do more than just make a lot of people in Cleveland happy if he can find a way to lead the Cavaliers over Golden State in the NBA Finals. LeBron a Favorite in Vegas Even if Cavaliers Are Not'), (u'LSU Wins NCAA Golf Title, Beating Southern California 4-1', u'Ben Taylor made a tricky 8-foot par putt on the 18th hole Wednesday to give LSU its first NCAA golf championship in 60 years. Ben Taylor made a tricky 8-foot par putt on the 18th hole Wednesday to give LSU its first NCAA golf championship in 60 years. LSU Wins NCAA Golf Title, Beating Southern California 4-1'), (u'Lackey, Cardinals Defeat Milwaukee 7-4 to Win Series', u'John Lackey pitched seven strong innings and Matt Carpenter had two hits and drove in two runs, leading the Cardinals to a 7-4 victory Wednesday over the Milwaukee Brewers. John Lackey pitched seven strong innings and Matt Carpenter had two hits and drove in two runs, leading the Cardinals to a 7-4 victory Wednesday over the Milwaukee Brewers. Lackey, Cardinals Defeat Milwaukee 7-4 to Win Series'), (u'Ex-FIFA Executive Detailed Bribes in 2013 Secret Guilty Plea', u'A former executive committee member of soccer&#8217;s global governing body FIFA told a U.S. judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments. A former executive committee member of soccer&#8217;s global governing body FIFA told a U.S. judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments. Ex-FIFA Executive Detailed Bribes in 2013 Secret Guilty Plea'), (u'Tiger Woods Starts a Busy Stretch With Memorial', u"Tiger Woods hasn't been this busy on the golf course all year. Tiger Woods hasn't been this busy on the golf course all year. Tiger Woods Starts a Busy Stretch With Memorial"), (u'Murray Ready for Djokovic Clash at French Open', u'Andy Murray became the first British player to reach three semifinals at the French Open on Wednesday. More importantly, he claimed his first win on clay over David Ferrer, one of the best players on the slow, red surface. Andy Murray became the first British player to reach three semifinals at the French Open on Wednesday. More importantly, he claimed his first win on clay over David Ferrer, one of the best players on the slow, red surface. Murray Ready for Djokovic Clash at French Open'), (u'Twins Win 2-0 Behind May After 6-3 Loss to Red Sox', u'Trevor May allowed two hits over seven innings to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday and a split of their day-night doubleheader. Trevor May allowed two hits over seven innings to lift the Minnesota Twins to a 2-0 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Wednesday and a split of their day-night doubleheader. Twins Win 2-0 Behind May After 6-3 Loss to Red Sox'), (u'Larson Looking for Answers During Puzzling Sophomore Slump', u"Kyle Larson sounded like so many defeated drivers who could only watch as Jimmie Johnson hoisted his 10th winner's trophy at Dover. Kyle Larson sounded like so many defeated drivers who could only watch as Jimmie Johnson hoisted his 10th winner's trophy at Dover. Larson Looking for Answers During Puzzling Sophomore Slump"), (u'Beckham Blasts FIFA Over Corruption Scandal', u'Former England captain David Beckham has blasted FIFA over the "despicable" corruption allegations which led to the resignation of Sepp Blatter as president of world soccer\'s governing body. Former England captain David Beckham has blasted FIFA over the "despicable" corruption allegations which led to the resignation of Sepp Blatter as president of world soccer\'s governing body. Beckham Blasts FIFA Over Corruption Scandal'), (u'No Comeback Needed for Williams in French Open Quarterfinals', u'No comeback necessary for Serena Williams in this match. She was back to being at her best. No comeback necessary for Serena Williams in this match. She was back to being at her best. No Comeback Needed for Williams in French Open Quarterfinals'), (u"Djokovic Ends Nadal's Remarkable Reign in Brutal Fashion", u"It was sharp, quick and brutal as Novak Djokovic finally dropped the French Open guillotine on Rafa Nadal -- ending the most remarkable of Roland Garros reigns in ruthless fashion on Wednesday. It was sharp, quick and brutal as Novak Djokovic finally dropped the French Open guillotine on Rafa Nadal -- ending the most remarkable of Roland Garros reigns in ruthless fashion on Wednesday. Djokovic Ends Nadal's Remarkable Reign in Brutal Fashion"), (u'NASCAR Fines Bayne, Cobb for Walking on Track at Dover', u'NASCAR fined two drivers on Wednesday for walking across the race track at Dover last weekend. NASCAR fined two drivers on Wednesday for walking across the race track at Dover last weekend. NASCAR Fines Bayne, Cobb for Walking on Track at Dover'), (u'IndyCar Reduces Penalty Against Castroneves to 3 Points', u'IndyCar has reduced a penalty levied against Helio Castroneves for triggering an accident on the first lap of the Grand Prix of Indianapolis last month. IndyCar has reduced a penalty levied against Helio Castroneves for triggering an accident on the first lap of the Grand Prix of Indianapolis last month. IndyCar Reduces Penalty Against Castroneves to 3 Points'), (u"U.S. Open Venue 'Very Challenging', Says Woods", u'Tiger Woods has described the venue for this month\'s U.S. Open as "very challenging" after seeing for himself why a top U.S. Golf Association (USGA) official said extensive homework was required at Chambers Bay. Tiger Woods has described the venue for this month\'s U.S. Open as "very challenging" after seeing for himself why a top U.S. Golf Association (USGA) official said extensive homework was required at Chambers Bay. U.S. Open Venue \'Very Challenging\', Says Woods'), (u"Sense of Anti-Climax as Nadal's Reign Ended by Djokovic", u"An almost deathly hush descended as Serbian Novak Djokovic administered the last rites on Rafa Nadal's reign of dominance at the French Open on Wednesday. An almost deathly hush descended as Serbian Novak Djokovic administered the last rites on Rafa Nadal's reign of dominance at the French Open on Wednesday. Sense of Anti-Climax as Nadal's Reign Ended by Djokovic"), (u'Capello to Sue Former RFS President Tolstykh', u"Russia coach Fabio Capello will take legal action against the former president of the Russian Football Union (RFS) Nikolay Tolstykh, the Italian's son and agent said on Wednesday. Russia coach Fabio Capello will take legal action against the former president of the Russian Football Union (RFS) Nikolay Tolstykh, the Italian's son and agent said on Wednesday.  Capello to Sue Former RFS President Tolstykh"), (u'Post Position for 2015 Belmont Stakes', u"Post positions for runners in Saturday's 147th Belmont Stakes in New York (post position; HORSE; jockey; trainer; morning line odds): Post positions for runners in Saturday's 147th Belmont Stakes in New York (post position; HORSE; jockey; trainer; morning line odds): Post Position for 2015 Belmont Stakes"), (u'Saudi Stadium Plan Scaled Back as Oil Drop Bites: Sources', u'Saudi Arabia\'s plans to dramatically increase the size and scope of football stadiums around the country have "been shelved" because of the impact of falling oil prices, sources have told Reuters. Saudi Arabia\'s plans to dramatically increase the size and scope of football stadiums around the country have "been shelved" because of the impact of falling oil prices, sources have told Reuters.    Saudi Stadium Plan Scaled Back as Oil Drop Bites: Sources'), (u'Djokovic Not Getting Carried Away After Breakthrough Win', u'Novak Djokovic is keeping his feet firmly planted on the ground after his awe-inspiring quarter-final victory over nine-times champion Rafa Nadal at the French Open on Wednesday. Novak Djokovic is keeping his feet firmly planted on the ground after his awe-inspiring quarter-final victory over nine-times champion Rafa Nadal at the French Open on Wednesday. Djokovic Not Getting Carried Away After Breakthrough Win'), (u'Renovation Work at Roland Garros Receives Boost', u'The planned renovation of Roland Garros has received the support of French Prime minister Manuel Valls. The planned renovation of Roland Garros has received the support of French Prime minister Manuel Valls. Renovation Work at Roland Garros Receives Boost'), (u'I Had It Coming, Nadal Admits After French Open Defeat', u'It was only his second defeat in 11 years and 72 matches at Roland Garros, yet it came as little surprise for Rafa Nadal as the nine-times champion admitted he had his French Open quarter-final defeat to Novak Djokovic coming. It was only his second defeat in 11 years and 72 matches at Roland Garros, yet it came as little surprise for Rafa Nadal as the nine-times champion admitted he had his French Open quarter-final defeat to Novak Djokovic coming. I Had It Coming, Nadal Admits After French Open Defeat'), (u'Murray Sets Up Djokovic Showdown at Roland Garros', u'Andy Murray preserved his 100 percent claycourt record in 2015 to reach the French Open semi-finals with a 7-6(4) 6-2 5-7 6-1 win over Spanish warrior David Ferrer on Wednesday. Andy Murray preserved his 100 percent claycourt record in 2015 to reach the French Open semi-finals with a 7-6(4) 6-2 5-7 6-1 win over Spanish warrior David Ferrer on Wednesday. Murray Sets Up Djokovic Showdown at Roland Garros'), (u"Bills McCoy Says He's Done Talking About Ex-Coach Chip Kelly", u"Buffalo Bills running LeSean McCoy is done talking about Chip Kelly, and sees no reason to explain what he meant in suggesting his former coach might have shown a racial bias when parting ways with several Philadelphia Eagles star players. Buffalo Bills running LeSean McCoy is done talking about Chip Kelly, and sees no reason to explain what he meant in suggesting his former coach might have shown a racial bias when parting ways with several Philadelphia Eagles star players. Bills McCoy Says He's Done Talking About Ex-Coach Chip Kelly"), (u"Ex-Warriors Coach Mark Jackson Calls Team's Games in Finals", u"As awkward as it might appear, Mark Jackson believes his job analyzing his former Golden State Warriors team is really quite simple. As awkward as it might appear, Mark Jackson believes his job analyzing his former Golden State Warriors team is really quite simple. Ex-Warriors Coach Mark Jackson Calls Team's Games in Finals"), (u"White House: FIFA's Leadership Change an Opportunity to Improve Image", u"The resignation of FIFA President Sepp Blatter will give the international soccer organization an opportunity to improve its image, said White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Wednesday. The resignation of FIFA President Sepp Blatter will give the international soccer organization an opportunity to improve its image, said White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Wednesday. White House: FIFA's Leadership Change an Opportunity to Improve Image"), (u'Leicester Sign Austria Captain Fuchs on Free Transfer', u"Leicester City have signed Austria captain Christian Fuchs on a free transfer from Germany's Schalke 04, the English Premier League club said on Wednesday. Leicester City have signed Austria captain Christian Fuchs on a free transfer from Germany's Schalke 04, the English Premier League club said on Wednesday. Leicester Sign Austria Captain Fuchs on Free Transfer"), (u'Triple Crown Hopeful American Pharoah Is Belmont Favorite', u'Bob Baffert and the rest of the group in charge of American Pharoah could smile and laugh Wednesday after the Triple Crown hopeful landed in the No. 5 post position for the Belmont Stakes. Bob Baffert and the rest of the group in charge of American Pharoah could smile and laugh Wednesday after the Triple Crown hopeful landed in the No. 5 post position for the Belmont Stakes. Triple Crown Hopeful American Pharoah Is Belmont Favorite'), (u'American Pharoah Draws Fifth Post at Belmont', u'American Pharoah drew the favorable post number five for the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes on Saturday when the colt looks to become the first Triple Crown winner in nearly four decades. American Pharoah drew the favorable post number five for the 147th running of the Belmont Stakes on Saturday when the colt looks to become the first Triple Crown winner in nearly four decades. American Pharoah Draws Fifth Post at Belmont'), (u'West Indies Lose Three Early Wickets Against Australia', u'Australia picked up three West Indies wickets in the first session of the first test as they made a strong start in Dominica on Wednesday. Australia picked up three West Indies wickets in the first session of the first test as they made a strong start in Dominica on Wednesday. West Indies Lose Three Early Wickets Against Australia'), (u'Serena Overcomes French Open Doubts With 20th Major in Sight', u"If there were any lingering doubts that Serena Williams could claim a third French Open title at this year's tournament they were swiftly dispelled in an expertly-executed quarter-final victory over Sara Errani on Wednesday. If there were any lingering doubts that Serena Williams could claim a third French Open title at this year's tournament they were swiftly dispelled in an expertly-executed quarter-final victory over Sara Errani on Wednesday.      Serena Overcomes French Open Doubts With 20th Major in Sight"), (u"FIFA's Valcke Says He's Beyond Reproach", u"FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said on Wednesday he was not guilty of any corrupt practice in a $10 million bank transaction under investigation by U.S authorities and saw no reason to stand down. FIFA Secretary General Jerome Valcke said on Wednesday he was not guilty of any corrupt practice in a $10 million bank transaction under investigation by U.S authorities and saw no reason to stand down. FIFA's Valcke Says He's Beyond Reproach"), (u'30 Years After Heysel Tragedy, Pain Lingers for Families', u'Thirty years ago, tragedies in Bradford, England, and Brussels illustrated problems with stadium safety; survivors and relatives want more accountability. Thirty years ago, tragedies in Bradford, England, and Brussels illustrated problems with stadium safety; survivors and relatives want more accountability. 30 Years After Heysel Tragedy, Pain Lingers for Families'), (u"Djokovic Ends Nadal's Remarkable Reign in Brutal Fashion", u"It was sharp, quick and brutal as Novak Djokovic finally dropped the French Open guillotine on Rafa Nadal -- ending the most remarkable of Roland Garros reigns in ruthless fashion on Wednesday. It was sharp, quick and brutal as Novak Djokovic finally dropped the French Open guillotine on Rafa Nadal -- ending the most remarkable of Roland Garros reigns in ruthless fashion on Wednesday. Djokovic Ends Nadal's Remarkable Reign in Brutal Fashion"), (u'FBI Probe Includes 2018, 2022 World Cup Host Awards: U.S. Official', u"The FBI's investigation of soccer governing body FIFA includes scrutiny of how the organization awarded the 2018 World Cup to Russia and the 2022 competition to Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said on Wednesday. The FBI's investigation of soccer governing body FIFA includes scrutiny of how the organization awarded the 2018 World Cup to Russia and the 2022 competition to Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said on Wednesday. FBI Probe Includes 2018, 2022 World Cup Host Awards: U.S. Official"), (u'Swiss Parliament Votes on Law to Bring FIFA, Others, Under Scrutiny', u"Swiss lawmakers gave preliminary approval on Wednesday to a law to make it easier to investigate corruption allegations at sporting bodies located in Switzerland, a vote that coincided with the worst scandal to ever hit soccer's ruling body FIFA. Swiss lawmakers gave preliminary approval on Wednesday to a law to make it easier to investigate corruption allegations at sporting bodies located in Switzerland, a vote that coincided with the worst scandal to ever hit soccer's ruling body FIFA. Swiss Parliament Votes on Law to Bring FIFA, Others, Under Scrutiny"), (u'CAF Supports Proposed FIFA Reforms: Statement', u'African soccer says it supports plans to reform FIFA and is determined to safeguard the sports&#8217; values and ethics in a belated reaction to Sepp Blatter&#8217;s resignation as FIFA president. African soccer says it supports plans to reform FIFA and is determined to safeguard the sports&#8217; values and ethics in a belated reaction to Sepp Blatter&#8217;s resignation as FIFA president.     CAF Supports Proposed FIFA Reforms: Statement'), (u"'No Way' Qatar Will Lose 2022 World Cup-Foreign Minister", u'Qatar\'s Foreign Minister Khaled al-Attiyah said on Wednesday there was "no way" his country would be stripped of its right to  host the 2022 World Cup, accusing Qatar\'s critics of an anti-Arab campaign. Qatar\'s Foreign Minister Khaled al-Attiyah said on Wednesday there was "no way" his country would be stripped of its right to  host the 2022 World Cup, accusing Qatar\'s critics of an anti-Arab campaign. \'No Way\' Qatar Will Lose 2022 World Cup-Foreign Minister'), (u"Qatar Says 'Prejudice and Racism' Behind Criticism of 2022 World Cup", u'Qatar said on Wednesday there was no way it would be stripped of the right to host the World Cup despite the corruption scandal surrounding FIFA, dismissing a "bashing campaign" of criticism of its 2022 bid as anti-Arab prejudice. Qatar said on Wednesday there was no way it would be stripped of the right to host the World Cup despite the corruption scandal surrounding FIFA, dismissing a "bashing campaign" of criticism of its 2022 bid as anti-Arab prejudice. Qatar Says \'Prejudice and Racism\' Behind Criticism of 2022 World Cup'), (u'Germans Cheer Blatter Exit, Warn Against Wasting Reform Chances', u"Chancellor Angela Merkel, who celebrated Germany's fourth World Cup win with the players in Brazil last year, welcomed the departure of FIFA President Sepp Blatter as an opportunity to boost standards within soccer's world governing body. Chancellor Angela Merkel, who celebrated Germany's fourth World Cup win with the players in Brazil last year, welcomed the departure of FIFA President Sepp Blatter as an opportunity to boost standards within soccer's world governing body. Germans Cheer Blatter Exit, Warn Against Wasting Reform Chances"), (u'American Pharoah Gets 1st Look at Belmont Park', u'Promptly at 8:45 a.m., American Pharoah got his first view of Belmont Park, the huge 1 1/2-mile oval on which he will attempt to give horse racing its first Triple Crown winner in 37 years. Promptly at 8:45 a.m., American Pharoah got his first view of Belmont Park, the huge 1 1/2-mile oval on which he will attempt to give horse racing its first Triple Crown winner in 37 years. American Pharoah Gets 1st Look at Belmont Park'), (u'Russian Sports Minister Says FIFA Should Not Hurry to Name New President: RIA', u"Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Wednesday soccer's world governing body FIFA should not hurry to name a new president following the resignation of Sepp Blatter, RIA news agency reported. Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko said on Wednesday soccer's world governing body FIFA should not hurry to name a new president following the resignation of Sepp Blatter, RIA news agency reported. Russian Sports Minister Says FIFA Should Not Hurry to Name New President: RIA"), (u'How to Cancel a World Cup', u'It has never been done before and no defined procedure for doing it exists but, in theory, withdrawing the right to host a World Cup from a host nation should be an easy thing to do. It has never been done before and no defined procedure for doing it exists but, in theory, withdrawing the right to host a World Cup from a host nation should be an easy thing to do. How to Cancel a World Cup'), (u"Players' Union Says Blatter's Successor Not Most Pressing Issue", u'Sepp Blatter\'s successor as FIFA president is not the most urgent issue facing football and the sport should no longer exist in a "bubble", the world players\' union FIFPro said on Wednesday. Sepp Blatter\'s successor as FIFA president is not the most urgent issue facing football and the sport should no longer exist in a "bubble", the world players\' union FIFPro said on Wednesday. Players\' Union Says Blatter\'s Successor Not Most Pressing Issue'), (u'Angerer Anchors German World Cup Team Facing Challenges', u'Goalkeeper Nadine Angerer anchors a German team that is facing challenges and changes. Goalkeeper Nadine Angerer anchors a German team that is facing challenges and changes. Angerer Anchors German World Cup Team Facing Challenges'), (u'French Open Hopeful Bacsinszky Gets Her Hands Dirty', u'Not satisfied with toppling little-known Belgian Alison van Uytvanck 6-4 7-5 to reach her first grand slam semi-final at the French Open on Wednesday -- Timea Bacsinszky wanted a lasting souvenir of her achievement. Not satisfied with toppling little-known Belgian Alison van Uytvanck 6-4 7-5 to reach her first grand slam semi-final at the French Open on Wednesday -- Timea Bacsinszky wanted a lasting souvenir of her achievement. French Open Hopeful Bacsinszky Gets Her Hands Dirty'), (u'Montreal Offers Hamilton an Antidote for Monaco', u"Lewis Hamilton has the perfect opportunity to get back on the winning track in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix after going astonishingly awry in Monaco. Lewis Hamilton has the perfect opportunity to get back on the winning track in Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix after going astonishingly awry in Monaco. Montreal Offers Hamilton an Antidote for Monaco"), (u"Pele Says Time to 'Stop the War' in the Game", u'Brazilian great Pele said the "war" must stop in world soccer following a seismic week that on Tuesday resulted in embattled FIFA president Sepp Blatter announcing he would stand down. Brazilian great Pele said the "war" must stop in world soccer following a seismic week that on Tuesday resulted in embattled FIFA president Sepp Blatter announcing he would stand down. Pele Says Time to \'Stop the War\' in the Game'), (u'Serena Overcomes French Open Doubts With 20th Major in Sight', u"If there were any lingering doubts that Serena Williams could claim a third French Open title at this year's tournament they were swiftly dispelled in an expertly-executed quarter-final victory over Sara Errani on Wednesday. If there were any lingering doubts that Serena Williams could claim a third French Open title at this year's tournament they were swiftly dispelled in an expertly-executed quarter-final victory over Sara Errani on Wednesday.      Serena Overcomes French Open Doubts With 20th Major in Sight"), (u'Djokovic Beats 9-Time French Open Champ Nadal in Quarters', u'There was no trophy, and no title, on offer for Novak Djokovic at Court Philippe Chatrier. There was no trophy, and no title, on offer for Novak Djokovic at Court Philippe Chatrier. Djokovic Beats 9-Time French Open Champ Nadal in Quarters'), (u"EU Ready to Help After 'Complete Loss of Trust' in FIFA", u'The European Union said on Wednesday there was a "complete loss of trust" in world soccer\'s governing body and pledged to support "fundamental change" following FIFA chairman Sepp Blatter\'s resignation in the wake of a criminal probe. The European Union said on Wednesday there was a "complete loss of trust" in world soccer\'s governing body and pledged to support "fundamental change" following FIFA chairman Sepp Blatter\'s resignation in the wake of a criminal probe. EU Ready to Help After \'Complete Loss of Trust\' in FIFA'), (u'Gatlin Says He _ Not Bolt _ Is the Man to Beat for Now', u'With the world-leading times in the 100 and 200 meters this year, Justin Gatlin says he &#8212; not Usain Bolt &#8212; is the man to beat for now. With the world-leading times in the 100 and 200 meters this year, Justin Gatlin says he &#8212; not Usain Bolt &#8212; is the man to beat for now. Gatlin Says He _ Not Bolt _ Is the Man to Beat for Now'), (u"The Latest: Djokovic Wary of Murray's Improved Form on Clay", u"The Latest from the French Open: The Latest from the French Open: The Latest: Djokovic Wary of Murray's Improved Form on Clay"), (u'Champion Czechs Go to Romania for 2016 Fed Cup 1st Round', u'Titleholder Czech Republic will travel to Romania in the first round of the 2016 Fed Cup. Titleholder Czech Republic will travel to Romania in the first round of the 2016 Fed Cup. Champion Czechs Go to Romania for 2016 Fed Cup 1st Round'), (u'Swedes Need Attack to Fire at World Cup in Canada', u"Sweden's hugely successful qualification campaign should put them among the favourites for the Women's World Cup in Canada, but questions remain as to whether they can deliver on the biggest stage. Sweden's hugely successful qualification campaign should put them among the favourites for the Women's World Cup in Canada, but questions remain as to whether they can deliver on the biggest stage. Swedes Need Attack to Fire at World Cup in Canada"), (u'Group of Death No Waltz for Confident Matildas', u"Despite a daunting draw, there is a feeling in the Australia camp that their sixth Women's World Cup campaign just might be the one where the Matildas make the breakthrough into the final four. Despite a daunting draw, there is a feeling in the Australia camp that their sixth Women's World Cup campaign just might be the one where the Matildas make the breakthrough into the final four. Group of Death No Waltz for Confident Matildas"), (u'Group of Death No Waltz for Confident Matildas', u"Despite a daunting draw, there is a feeling in the Australia camp that their sixth Women's World Cup campaign just might be the one where the Matildas make the breakthrough into the final four. Despite a daunting draw, there is a feeling in the Australia camp that their sixth Women's World Cup campaign just might be the one where the Matildas make the breakthrough into the final four. Group of Death No Waltz for Confident Matildas"), (u"Factbox-Women's World Cup Qualifiers Japan", u"Factbox on World Cup holders Japan: Factbox on World Cup holders Japan:     Factbox-Women's World Cup Qualifiers Japan"), (u'Tried and Trusted for Japan Title Defence', u"Japan coach Norio Sasaki is banking on experience to lead the Nadeshiko to another Women's World Cup triumph but the trusted troops have shown weakness in the lead-up to their title defence. Japan coach Norio Sasaki is banking on experience to lead the Nadeshiko to another Women's World Cup triumph but the trusted troops have shown weakness in the lead-up to their title defence. Tried and Trusted for Japan Title Defence"), (u"Profile on Ecuador Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Ecuador: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Ecuador: Profile on Ecuador Team for Women's World Cup"), (u'Young Ecuador Coach Vies for Win at First World Cup', u"Ecuador will bring a burst of freshness to Canada next month with a 26-year-old coach leading the small Andean country at its maiden Women's World Cup. Ecuador will bring a burst of freshness to Canada next month with a 26-year-old coach leading the small Andean country at its maiden Women's World Cup.   Young Ecuador Coach Vies for Win at First World Cup"), (u"Factbox: Profile on United States Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women&#8217;s World Cup qualifiers the United States: Factbox on Women&#8217;s World Cup qualifiers the United States: Factbox: Profile on United States Team for Women's World Cup"), (u'Cameroon Hope Early Arrival Catches Some Success', u'Cameroon were the first team to arrive in Canada for the Women&#8217;s World Cup and will struggle not to be among the first to depart as they make a maiden appearance at the tournament. Cameroon were the first team to arrive in Canada for the Women&#8217;s World Cup and will struggle not to be among the first to depart as they make a maiden appearance at the tournament. Cameroon Hope Early Arrival Catches Some Success'), (u"Factbox on Switzerland Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women&#8217;s World Cup qualifiers Switzerland: Factbox on Women&#8217;s World Cup qualifiers Switzerland: Factbox on Switzerland Team for Women's World Cup"), (u"Factbox-Profile on Cameroon Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Cameroon: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Cameroon: Factbox-Profile on Cameroon Team for Women's World Cup"), (u'Switzerland Set for Strong World Cup Debut', u'Switzerland qualified in style for their first women&#8217;s World Cup appearance, winning their European group in with nine victories and one draw. Switzerland qualified in style for their first women&#8217;s World Cup appearance, winning their European group in with nine victories and one draw. Switzerland Set for Strong World Cup Debut'), (u'Nigeria Seek to Step Up After Years as Also-Rans', u"Nigeria have been Africa's commanding team in women's soccer, ever present at every Women's World Cup, and are finally hoping to step up and join the list of the tournament's top contenders. Nigeria have been Africa's commanding team in women's soccer, ever present at every Women's World Cup, and are finally hoping to step up and join the list of the tournament's top contenders. Nigeria Seek to Step Up After Years as Also-Rans"), (u"Factbox-Profile on Nigeria Team for Women's World Cup", u"Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Nigeria: Factbox on Women's World Cup qualifiers Nigeria: Factbox-Profile on Nigeria Team for Women's World Cup"), (u'South Africa Confirms Payment to FIFA Official, Denies It Was a Bribe', u'South Africa confirmed on Wednesday it had given $10 million meant to help pay for the 2010 World Cup to a soccer official indicted last week in the United States, but said the payment was not a bribe as U.S. prosecutors allege. South Africa confirmed on Wednesday it had given $10 million meant to help pay for the 2010 World Cup to a soccer official indicted last week in the United States, but said the payment was not a bribe as U.S. prosecutors allege. South Africa Confirms Payment to FIFA Official, Denies It Was a Bribe'), (u'U.S. Attorney General Declines to Comment on FIFA Probe, Blatter', u'U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch declined to comment at a press conference on Wednesday on whether FIFA President Sepp Blatter is under investigation as part of a probe by U.S. authorities into the soccer organization. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch declined to comment at a press conference on Wednesday on whether FIFA President Sepp Blatter is under investigation as part of a probe by U.S. authorities into the soccer organization.  U.S. Attorney General Declines to Comment on FIFA Probe, Blatter'), (u'U.S. Veterans Looking to Break Through in Canada', u"The United States have their eyes firmly set on a third Women's World Cup title, and with a squad loaded with experience the Olympic champions are rightly among the favorites to triumph in Canada. The United States have their eyes firmly set on a third Women's World Cup title, and with a squad loaded with experience the Olympic champions are rightly among the favorites to triumph in Canada. U.S. Veterans Looking to Break Through in Canada"), (u'South African Soccer Officials Continue to Elude Media', u'South African Football Association officials will no longer be appearing at a scheduled Wednesday press conference to address allegations around a possible bribe paid during the 2010 World Cup bidding process. South African Football Association officials will no longer be appearing at a scheduled Wednesday press conference to address allegations around a possible bribe paid during the 2010 World Cup bidding process. South African Soccer Officials Continue to Elude Media'), (u'UEFA Postpone Meeting to Discuss FIFA Crisis', u"UEFA have postponed a meeting due to be held on Saturday to discuss the crisis at FIFA which led to Sepp Blatter saying he would step down as president of world football's governing body. UEFA have postponed a meeting due to be held on Saturday to discuss the crisis at FIFA which led to Sepp Blatter saying he would step down as president of world football's governing body. UEFA Postpone Meeting to Discuss FIFA Crisis"), (u'Indonesia Excluded From 2018 World Cup Qualifiers', u"The Asian Football Confederation has confirmed Indonesia's immediate ban from all international football, including next week's 2018 World Cup qualifiers, because of government meddling in the country's domestic league. The Asian Football Confederation has confirmed Indonesia's immediate ban from all international football, including next week's 2018 World Cup qualifiers, because of government meddling in the country's domestic league. Indonesia Excluded From 2018 World Cup Qualifiers"), (u'Berbatov Keen to Return to England After Leaving Monaco', u'Dimitar Berbatov is keen to return to England after being released by League 1 club Monaco, the former Manchester United player has said. Dimitar Berbatov is keen to return to England after being released by League 1 club Monaco, the former Manchester United player has said. Berbatov Keen to Return to England After Leaving Monaco'), (u'Russia Presses on With 2018 World Cup Preparations', u"Russia is pressing ahead with preparations to host the 2018 World Cup finals following Sepp Blatter's resignation as FIFA president and does not expect any boycotts of the tournament, Russian officials said on Wednesday. Russia is pressing ahead with preparations to host the 2018 World Cup finals following Sepp Blatter's resignation as FIFA president and does not expect any boycotts of the tournament, Russian officials said on Wednesday. Russia Presses on With 2018 World Cup Preparations"), (u'Platini Cancels UEFA Meeting on Anti-Blatter Tactics', u'UEFA has canceled a meeting in Berlin this weekend where member federations were to discuss ways of opposing a Sepp Blatter-led FIFA. UEFA has canceled a meeting in Berlin this weekend where member federations were to discuss ways of opposing a Sepp Blatter-led FIFA. Platini Cancels UEFA Meeting on Anti-Blatter Tactics'), (u'FIFA Dominates Headlines as Portugal Advance in New Zealand', u'Organisers again tried to shake off the stigma of the scandal engulfing world governing body FIFA as Portugal qualified for the round of 16 at the under-20 World Cup in New Zealand on Wednesday. Organisers again tried to shake off the stigma of the scandal engulfing world governing body FIFA as Portugal qualified for the round of 16 at the under-20 World Cup in New Zealand on Wednesday. FIFA Dominates Headlines as Portugal Advance in New Zealand'), (u"Australia Ran Clean 2022 World Cup Bid,' Others Did Not'-Lowy", u"Australia football supremo Frank Lowy insists his country ran a clean bid to host the 2022 World Cup while others did not, even if they were sometimes naive and made mistakes. Australia football supremo Frank Lowy insists his country ran a clean bid to host the 2022 World Cup while others did not, even if they were sometimes naive and made mistakes. Australia Ran Clean 2022 World Cup Bid,' Others Did Not'-Lowy"), (u"South Korea's Chung Considering FIFA Presidency Run", u'Chung Mong-joon, the billionaire scion of South Korea\'s Hyundai conglomerate, says he will "carefully consider" running for the FIFA presidency, following Sepp Blatter\'s unexpected decision to resign as the head of world soccer\'s governing body. Chung Mong-joon, the billionaire scion of South Korea\'s Hyundai conglomerate, says he will "carefully consider" running for the FIFA presidency, following Sepp Blatter\'s unexpected decision to resign as the head of world soccer\'s governing body. South Korea\'s Chung Considering FIFA Presidency Run'), (u'Interpol Issues Wanted-Person Alerts for Six in U.S. FIFA Probe', u'Interpol said on Wednesday it has issued international wanted-person alerts for two former FIFA officials including Jack Warner and four corporate executives at the request of U.S. authorities as part of a corruption probe. Interpol said on Wednesday it has issued international wanted-person alerts for two former FIFA officials including Jack Warner and four corporate executives at the request of U.S. authorities as part of a corruption probe. Interpol Issues Wanted-Person Alerts for Six in U.S. FIFA Probe'), (u'Analysis-Studious Benitez Takes Long Route to Real Hotseat', u"Fierce ambition and a studious approach to the game have marked Rafa Benitez's journey around Europe's top leagues and he now returns to his hometown club Real Madrid to take on one of the toughest coaching jobs in football. Fierce ambition and a studious approach to the game have marked Rafa Benitez's journey around Europe's top leagues and he now returns to his hometown club Real Madrid to take on one of the toughest coaching jobs in football. Analysis-Studious Benitez Takes Long Route to Real Hotseat"), (u'Benitez Takes on Greatest Challenge at Real', u'Rafa Benitez was appointed Real Madrid coach on Wednesday, the much-travelled 55-year-old taking on one of the most demanding jobs in club football in which he will be expected to deliver major trophies in short order. Rafa Benitez was appointed Real Madrid coach on Wednesday, the much-travelled 55-year-old taking on one of the most demanding jobs in club football in which he will be expected to deliver major trophies in short order. Benitez Takes on Greatest Challenge at Real'), (u'Real Madrid Coach Rafa Benitez', u'(This version of the story corrects season of debut league title with Valencia to 2001-02) (This version of the story corrects season of debut league title with Valencia to 2001-02) Real Madrid Coach Rafa Benitez'), (u'French Football Boss Says FIFA Needs European Chief, Platini Best Option', u'A European candidate would be best placed to replace Sepp Blatter as head of FIFA, French football federation president Noel Le Graet said on Wednesday, adding that UEFA boss Michel Platini was his favourite for the post. A European candidate would be best placed to replace Sepp Blatter as head of FIFA, French football federation president Noel Le Graet said on Wednesday, adding that UEFA boss Michel Platini was his favourite for the post. French Football Boss Says FIFA Needs European Chief, Platini Best Option'), (u'Depay Says Defied United Orders to Sit Out Final PSV Matches', u'Memphis Depay defied Manchester United who did not want their new signing to play the final two matches of the Dutch league for PSV Eindhoven after signing for the Premier League club, the 21-year-old Dutch international has said. Memphis Depay defied Manchester United who did not want their new signing to play the final two matches of the Dutch league for PSV Eindhoven after signing for the Premier League club, the 21-year-old Dutch international has said. Depay Says Defied United Orders to Sit Out Final PSV Matches'), (u'Weakened Indonesia Still Target Badminton Glory', u"The badminton competition at this year's Southeast Asian Games promises to be as hard fought as ever, with Indonesia's dominance set to come under threat from the presence of a women's world champion and a former men's number one. The badminton competition at this year's Southeast Asian Games promises to be as hard fought as ever, with Indonesia's dominance set to come under threat from the presence of a women's world champion and a former men's number one. Weakened Indonesia Still Target Badminton Glory"), (u'LEADING OFF: Cards-Dodgers; Keuchel in June; Harvey Day', u"A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Thursday: A look at what's happening all around the major leagues Thursday: LEADING OFF: Cards-Dodgers; Keuchel in June; Harvey Day"), (u'FBI Extends FIFA Scrutiny to World Cup Host Bids of Russia, Qatar', u"The FBI's investigation of bribery and corruption at FIFA includes scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia and Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said. The FBI's investigation of bribery and corruption at FIFA includes scrutiny of how football's governing body awarded World Cup hosting rights to Russia and Qatar, a U.S. law enforcement official said. FBI Extends FIFA Scrutiny to World Cup Host Bids of Russia, Qatar"), (u'UAB Supporters Showed President the Money, Got Football Back', u'When Justin Craft and other UAB supporters met with university President Ray Watts last fall, they were told that donations to the athletic department were welcome but to hold off on pledging money to save the football program. When Justin Craft and other UAB supporters met with university President Ray Watts last fall, they were told that donations to the athletic department were welcome but to hold off on pledging money to save the football program. UAB Supporters Showed President the Money, Got Football Back'), (u"Bowman's Response to Kane Injury Helped Blackhawks Reach Cup", u"The NHL trade deadline was just days away when everything changed for the Chicago Blackhawks. Patrick Kane broke his left collarbone in a win over Florida, and general manager Stan Bowman had to make some difficult choices in a hurry. The NHL trade deadline was just days away when everything changed for the Chicago Blackhawks. Patrick Kane broke his left collarbone in a win over Florida, and general manager Stan Bowman had to make some difficult choices in a hurry. Bowman's Response to Kane Injury Helped Blackhawks Reach Cup"), (u"Peterson 'Feels Good to Be Back in the Building'", u"Nearly eight months passed for Adrian Peterson between practices with the Minnesota Vikings. Nearly eight months passed for Adrian Peterson between practices with the Minnesota Vikings. Peterson 'Feels Good to Be Back in the Building'"), (u"LeBron on His Game: 'This Is Probably the Best I've Been'", u"LeBron James listened to a question he's been asked in the past and began processing. LeBron James listened to a question he's been asked in the past and began processing. LeBron on His Game: 'This Is Probably the Best I've Been'"), (u'Vanderbilt Trio Among Coveted MLB Draft Prospects', u"If you're seeking top prospects for the upcoming MLB draft, look no further than Vanderbilt &#8212; a college with a smart-kid reputation and growing status as a destination for big-league hopefuls. If you're seeking top prospects for the upcoming MLB draft, look no further than Vanderbilt &#8212; a college with a smart-kid reputation and growing status as a destination for big-league hopefuls. Vanderbilt Trio Among Coveted MLB Draft Prospects"), (u'Analysis-Dynamic New Zealand Fully Justify Status', u'New Zealand did more than enough against England to prove they are worth much more than a two-test series shoe-horned into the schedule as a tasty appetiser before the Ashes. New Zealand did more than enough against England to prove they are worth much more than a two-test series shoe-horned into the schedule as a tasty appetiser before the Ashes. Analysis-Dynamic New Zealand Fully Justify Status'), (u'Analysis-England Moving the Right Way as Ashes Loom', u"England will head into this year's Ashes series against Australia heartened by their performances against New Zealand but with nagging doubts about key areas in the team. England will head into this year's Ashes series against Australia heartened by their performances against New Zealand but with nagging doubts about key areas in the team. Analysis-England Moving the Right Way as Ashes Loom"), (u"Sepp Blatter's Daughter Says Quit Decision Not Tied to Allegations-Blick", u"The daughter of outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter told a Swiss newspaper on Wednesday her father's decision to stand down is not tied to recent allegations. The daughter of outgoing FIFA president Sepp Blatter told a Swiss newspaper on Wednesday her father's decision to stand down is not tied to recent allegations.  Sepp Blatter's Daughter Says Quit Decision Not Tied to Allegations-Blick"), (u"Australia Leaves Mourinho 'Positively Impressed'", u"Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho thinks Australian football is moving in the right direction if the performance of Sydney FC in Tuesday's friendly against the English champions was anything to go by. Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho thinks Australian football is moving in the right direction if the performance of Sydney FC in Tuesday's friendly against the English champions was anything to go by. Australia Leaves Mourinho 'Positively Impressed'"), (u'United Striker Van Persie Keeping Options Open', u'Robin van Persie is keeping his options open over his future at Manchester United as he enters a final season of his contract with the club, Dutch media reported on Wednesday. Robin van Persie is keeping his options open over his future at Manchester United as he enters a final season of his contract with the club, Dutch media reported on Wednesday. United Striker Van Persie Keeping Options Open'), (u'Gatlin Out to Win Races, Not Popularity Contest', u'Justin Gatlin skipped along the track during his workout, sunglasses on, seemingly without a care in the world. Justin Gatlin skipped along the track during his workout, sunglasses on, seemingly without a care in the world.  Gatlin Out to Win Races, Not Popularity Contest'), (u'Tanaka Strong in Return, Yankees Sweep Seattle With 3-1 Win', u'Garrett Jones and Mark Teixeira homered, Masahiro Tanaka gave up one run over seven innings in his return from the disabled list and the New York Yankees completed a three-game sweep of Seattle Mariners with a 3-1 victory Wednesday. Garrett Jones and Mark Teixeira homered, Masahiro Tanaka gave up one run over seven innings in his return from the disabled list and the New York Yankees completed a three-game sweep of Seattle Mariners with a 3-1 victory Wednesday. Tanaka Strong in Return, Yankees Sweep Seattle With 3-1 Win'), (u'French Open Lookahead: Williams Wary of Bacsinszky Threat', u'Serena Williams sees something of herself in Timea Bacsinszky, her semifinal opponent at the French Open on Thursday. Serena Williams sees something of herself in Timea Bacsinszky, her semifinal opponent at the French Open on Thursday. French Open Lookahead: Williams Wary of Bacsinszky Threat'), (u'Liriano Outduels Hudson, Mercer Homers Again as Pirates Win', u'Jordy Mercer broke a fifth-inning tie when he homered for the second day in a row, Francisco Liriano struck out six to win his second straight decision and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 5-2 on Wednesday for a three-game sweep. Jordy Mercer broke a fifth-inning tie when he homered for the second day in a row, Francisco Liriano struck out six to win his second straight decision and the Pittsburgh Pirates beat the San Francisco Giants 5-2 on Wednesday for a three-game sweep. Liriano Outduels Hudson, Mercer Homers Again as Pirates Win'), (u"Kennedy Outduels Syndergaard in Padres' 7-2 Win Over Mets", u"There was nothing to indicate that San Diego's Ian Kennedy would get the better of New York Mets phenom Noah Syndergaard. He did. There was nothing to indicate that San Diego's Ian Kennedy would get the better of New York Mets phenom Noah Syndergaard. He did. Kennedy Outduels Syndergaard in Padres' 7-2 Win Over Mets"), (u'Diamondbacks Rally for 9-8 Win Over Braves', u'A.J. Pollock homered for the second consecutive game, and the Arizona Diamondbacks rallied for a wild 9-8 win over the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday. A.J. Pollock homered for the second consecutive game, and the Arizona Diamondbacks rallied for a wild 9-8 win over the Atlanta Braves on Wednesday. Diamondbacks Rally for 9-8 Win Over Braves'), (u'Archer Ties Rays Record With 15 Ks in 6-1 Win Over Angels', u"Tampa Bay's Chris Archer overcame another milestone home run by Albert Pujols to win his third straight decision, tying a franchise record with 15 strikeouts over eight innings to lead the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels... Tampa Bay's Chris Archer overcame another milestone home run by Albert Pujols to win his third straight decision, tying a franchise record with 15 strikeouts over eight innings to lead the Tampa Bay Rays to a 6-1 victory over the Los Angeles Angels on Tuesday night. Archer Ties Rays Record With 15 Ks in 6-1 Win Over Angels"), (u'Australia, New Zealand Welcome Blatter Resignation', u'Soccer officials from Australia and New Zealand welcomed the shock resignation of FIFA President Sepp Blatter after both publicly backed his main challenger for the office last week. Soccer officials from Australia and New Zealand welcomed the shock resignation of FIFA President Sepp Blatter after both publicly backed his main challenger for the office last week. Australia, New Zealand Welcome Blatter Resignation'), (u'Chuck Blazer Court Papers Made Public', u"The sealed papers from the soccer official Chuck Blazer's criminal case were released on Wednesday. Blazer pleaded guilty in 2013 to charges that included racketeering, wire fraud, money laundering and income tax evasion. The sealed papers from the soccer official Chuck Blazer's criminal case were released on Wednesday. Blazer pleaded guilty in 2013 to charges that included racketeering, wire fraud, money laundering and income tax evasion. Chuck Blazer Court Papers Made Public"), (u'Drew\u2019s Two Hits Help the Yankees Snatch a Victory', u'Stephen Drew, hitting .160 entering the game, tied the score with a double in the ninth, then started the winning rally with a single in the 11th. Stephen Drew, hitting .160 entering the game, tied the score with a double in the ninth, then started the winning rally with a single in the 11th. Drew\u2019s Two Hits Help the Yankees Snatch a Victory'), (u'Syndergaard\u2019s Flying Start Crashes to Earth', u'The Mets\u2019 Noah Syndergaard gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four innings as the Padres cruised to victory in San Diego. The Mets\u2019 Noah Syndergaard gave up seven runs and 10 hits in four innings as the Padres cruised to victory in San Diego. Syndergaard\u2019s Flying Start Crashes to Earth'), (u'Michigan Forces Third Game at Women\u2019s College World Series', u'Haylie Wagner threw a shutout, and Michigan beat Florida, 1-0, in the Women\u2019s College World Series in Oklahoma City to force a deciding third game for the national championship. Haylie Wagner threw a shutout, and Michigan beat Florida, 1-0, in the Women\u2019s College World Series in Oklahoma City to force a deciding third game for the national championship. Michigan beats Florida, 1-0, in Women\u2019s College World Series to force deciding third game for national championship. Michigan Forces Third Game at Women\u2019s College World Series'), (u'Drunk While Operating Zamboni, Man Is Convicted', u'The judge rejected the argument by the Fargo, N.D., man\u2019s lawyer that the ice-resurfacing machine did not meet the definition of a vehicle under city code. The judge rejected the argument by the Fargo, N.D., man\u2019s lawyer that the ice-resurfacing machine did not meet the definition of a vehicle under city code. Steven James Anderson of Fargo, ND, is convicted for driving zamboni during high school hockey game while drunk. Drunk While Operating Zamboni, Man Is Convicted'), (u'College Football Playoff Semifinals Scheduled', u'The first College Football Playoff semifinal will begin at 4 p.m. Eastern on New Year\u2019s Eve. The second game is scheduled to begin at 8 p.m. The first College Football Playoff semifinal will begin at 4 p.m. Eastern on New Year\u2019s Eve. The second game is scheduled to begin at 8 p.m. College Football Playoff Semifinals Scheduled'), (u'Cosmos Top Cuba in Exhibition', u'The Cosmos became the first professional sports team from the United States to visit Cuba since the two countries announced in December that they would seek to restore diplomatic relations. The Cosmos became the first professional sports team from the United States to visit Cuba since the two countries announced in December that they would seek to restore diplomatic relations. New York Cosmos soccer club defeats Cuban national team, 4-1, in exhibition match; Cosmos are first professional American sports team to visit Cuba since announcement of efforts to normalize relations between countries. Cosmos Top Cuba in Exhibition'), (u'Roger Goodell to Hear Tom Brady\u2019s Appeal', u"Over the objections of the players\u2019 union, the N.F.L.\u2019s commissioner said he would be the one hearing an appeal of the four-game suspension he gave to the Patriots\u2019 quarterback. Over the objections of the players\u2019 union, the N.F.L.\u2019s commissioner said he would be the one hearing an appeal of the four-game suspension he gave to the Patriots\u2019 quarterback. NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell, over objections of NFL Players' Assn, says he will personally hear appeal of New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady regarding his four-game suspension; other football news noted. Roger Goodell to Hear Tom Brady\u2019s Appeal"), (u'Clay Buchholz Pitches Red Sox Past Twins', u'Buchholz went eight innings, and Rusney Castillo drove in the winning run with a single as Boston halted a three-game skid. Buchholz went eight innings, and Rusney Castillo drove in the winning run with a single as Boston halted a three-game skid. MLB Roundup; Boston Red Sox beat Minnesota Twins, 1-0; other baseball news noted. Clay Buchholz Pitches Red Sox Past Twins'), (u'Uncertainty Clouds David Wright\u2019s Potential Return to Mets', u"Even if Wright returns, the team is unsure what it can expect from him, which only adds weight to all the questions about his recovery and the Mets\u2019 search for a stopgap replacement. Even if Wright returns, the team is unsure what it can expect from him, which only adds weight to all the questions about his recovery and the Mets\u2019 search for a stopgap replacement. New York Mets have no timetable for star third baseman David Wright's return from injury and general manager Sandy Alderson is considering seeking replacement in free-agent and trade markets. Uncertainty Clouds David Wright\u2019s Potential Return to Mets"), (u'All-In on Tanaka, Yankees Can Only Hope His Elbow Holds Up', u"Masahiro Tanaka will be back pitching Wednesday, and if his elbow blows out now, it is likely too late for him to be able to return next season. Masahiro Tanaka will be back pitching Wednesday, and if his elbow blows out now, it is likely too late for him to be able to return next season. Billy Witz On Baseball column notes that New York Yankees are counting on pitcher Masahiro Tanaka's elbow to hold out through season as he has chosen not to undergo surgery for slight ligament tear. All-In on Tanaka, Yankees Can Only Hope His Elbow Holds Up"), (u'NYRA Chairman, Anthony Bonomo, Is Taking a Leave of Absence', u"Mr. Bonomo has been accused of providing a no-show job to the son of Dean G. Skelos, the former New York State Senate majority leader. Mr. Bonomo has been accused of providing a no-show job to the son of Dean G. Skelos, the former New York State Senate majority leader. New York Racing Assn chairman Anthony Bonomo requests leave of absence days before Belmont Stakes; says he does not want his indictment on corruption charges to distract from association's work. NYRA Chairman, Anthony Bonomo, Is Taking a Leave of Absence"), (u'NBC Expected to Extend Belmont Stakes Rights Through 2020', u'No financial details were available for a deal that will help NBC in its quest to secure the long-term rights to all three Triple Crown races. No financial details were available for a deal that will help NBC in its quest to secure the long-term rights to all three Triple Crown races. NBC is expected to announce deal with New York Racing Assn to broadcast Belmont Stakes through 2020. NBC Expected to Extend Belmont Stakes Rights Through 2020'), (u'Sepp Blatter: From Defiant to Defeated in Four Fateful Days', u'After 17 years as FIFA\u2019s president, Blatter decided, just days after his re-election, that he did not want to run world soccer anymore after all. After 17 years as FIFA\u2019s president, Blatter decided, just days after his re-election, that he did not want to run world soccer anymore after all. Juliet Macur Sports of The Times column speculates on what might have happened to Sepp Blatter between his confident, defiant acceptance speech after winning fifth term as FIFA president and his abrupt resignation four days later. Sepp Blatter: From Defiant to Defeated in Four Fateful Days'), (u'Steven Stamkos and Jonathan Toews Welcome Leading Roles', u'Stamkos, of Tampa Bay, and Toews, of Chicago, eagerly accept the added responsibility that comes with leading their teams as captains in the Stanley Cup finals. Stamkos, of Tampa Bay, and Toews, of Chicago, eagerly accept the added responsibility that comes with leading their teams as captains in the Stanley Cup finals. Steven Stamkos and Jonathan Toews, captains of Stanley cup finalists Tampa Bay Lightning and Chicago Blackhawks, respectively, are both natural leaders as well as talented players. Steven Stamkos and Jonathan Toews Welcome Leading Roles'), (u'Sponsors React Meekly to Sepp Blatter\u2019s Resignation', u'World Cup sponsors issued statements that read as if one very careful public relations executive had written several versions of the same message. World Cup sponsors issued statements that read as if one very careful public relations executive had written several versions of the same message. Richard Sandomir Sports Business column remarks on similarly bland and cautious statements issued by World Cup soccer sponsors after resignation of FIFA Pres Sepp Blatter. Sponsors React Meekly to Sepp Blatter\u2019s Resignation')]