[(u'Speakers That Make You the Life of the Pool Party', u'Bluetooth wireless technology has extended the range of speakers to the outdoors \u2014 even the pool. Bluetooth wireless technology has extended the range of speakers to the outdoors \u2014 even the pool. Speakers That Make You the Life of the Pool Party'), (u'Shop Locally, Download Globally', u'Some independent booksellers gain a portion of e-book sales through partnerships with bigger e-bookstores like Kobo and Amazon Source. Some independent booksellers gain a portion of e-book sales through partnerships with bigger e-bookstores like Kobo and Amazon Source. Shop Locally, Download Globally'), (u'What Apple\u2019s Tim Cook Overlooked in His Defense of Privacy', u'When Apple\u2019s chief executive gave a speech on the tech industry\u2019s privacy practices, he failed to fairly explore the benefits of free, ad-supported services. When Apple\u2019s chief executive gave a speech on the tech industry\u2019s privacy practices, he failed to fairly explore the benefits of free, ad-supported services. What Apple\u2019s Tim Cook Overlooked in His Defense of Privacy'), (u'Microsoft Picks Unusual Place to Make Its Giant Surface Hub: The U.S.', u'The touch-screen computer, which costs up to $20,000, will be manufactured in Oregon, joining a rare group of tech products that are made in America. The touch-screen computer, which costs up to $20,000, will be manufactured in Oregon, joining a rare group of tech products that are made in America. Microsoft Picks Unusual Place to Make Its Giant Surface Hub: The U.S.'), (u'Uber Loses Bid for Arbitration in U.S. Driver Lawsuit', u'Uber lost a bid to force arbitration in a lawsuit brought by its drivers, as a U.S. judge ruled the smartphone-based taxi  service\'s 2013 and 2014 employment contracts dealing with arbitration from were "unconscionable, and therefore unenforceable." Uber lost a bid to force arbitration in a lawsuit brought by its drivers, as a U.S. judge ruled the smartphone-based taxi  service\'s 2013 and 2014 employment contracts dealing with arbitration from were "unconscionable, and therefore unenforceable." Uber Loses Bid for Arbitration in U.S. Driver Lawsuit'), (u'Exclusive: Digital Realty Seeking to Acquire Telx', u'Digital Realty Trust Inc is working on a bid to acquire private equity-owned data center peer Telx Group Inc for more than $2 billion, in a deal that would diversify its business, according to people familiar with the matter. Digital Realty Trust Inc is working on a bid to acquire private equity-owned data center peer Telx Group Inc for more than $2 billion, in a deal that would diversify its business, according to people familiar with the matter.  Exclusive: Digital Realty Seeking to Acquire Telx'), (u'U.S. Senators Say OPM Data Breach Appears State-Sponsored', u'Members of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that a massive theft of data last week from U.S. government computers appears to have been state-sponsored, although they stopped short of pointing the finger at China. Members of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said on Wednesday that a massive theft of data last week from U.S. government computers appears to have been state-sponsored, although they stopped short of pointing the finger at China. U.S. Senators Say OPM Data Breach Appears State-Sponsored'), (u'Daily Report: Microsoft&#8217;s Surface Touch Screen Is Rare Bright Spot for U.S. Manufacturing', u'The Surface Hub, which costs up to $20,000, will be made in Wilsonville, Ore., joining a small group of tech products that are made in America. The Surface Hub, which costs up to $20,000, will be made in Wilsonville, Ore., joining a small group of tech products that are made in America. Daily Report: Microsoft&#8217;s Surface Touch Screen Is Rare Bright Spot for U.S. Manufacturing'), (u'Apple Drives Vehicles to Collect Data to Improve Maps', u'Apple Inc said it was driving vehicles around the world to collect data that will be used to improve Apple Maps. Apple Inc said it was driving vehicles around the world to collect data that will be used to improve Apple Maps. Apple Drives Vehicles to Collect Data to Improve Maps'), (u'Dozens Arrested in European Cyber Crime Sweep: Europol', u'Police have arrested 49 suspected members of a cyber crime syndicate in Spain, Poland and Italy who are suspected of stealing million of euros from European bank accounts, Europol said on Wednesday. Police have arrested 49 suspected members of a cyber crime syndicate in Spain, Poland and Italy who are suspected of stealing million of euros from European bank accounts, Europol said on Wednesday. Dozens Arrested in European Cyber Crime Sweep: Europol'), (u'AMS Shares Slide After Report Firm Lost Apple Contract', u'Shares in AMS AG sank on Wednesday following a report in Swiss newspaper Finanz und Wirtschaft that the Swiss-listed sensor manufacturer had lost a key contract with Apple. Shares in AMS AG sank on Wednesday following a report in Swiss newspaper Finanz und Wirtschaft that the Swiss-listed sensor manufacturer had lost a key contract with Apple. AMS Shares Slide After Report Firm Lost Apple Contract'), (u'Proxy Adviser ISS Recommends Investors Vote Against Sharp, Sony CEOs at AGMs', u'Proxy investment adviser ISS advised shareholder to vote against reelecting the heads of Japanese electronics firms Sharp Corp and Sony Corp, both mid-restructuring, saying they are falling short of ISS return-on-equity (ROE) benchmarks. Proxy investment adviser ISS advised shareholder to vote against reelecting the heads of Japanese electronics firms Sharp Corp and Sony Corp, both mid-restructuring, saying they are falling short of ISS return-on-equity (ROE) benchmarks. Proxy Adviser ISS Recommends Investors Vote Against Sharp, Sony CEOs at AGMs'), (u'Spotify Raises $115 Million From TeliaSonera&#160;in Share Sale', u"Swedish telecom operator TeliaSonera is buying into music streamer Spotify for a slice of the fast growth and rapid innovation typical of online companies, investing as competition heats up in Spotify's industry. Swedish telecom operator TeliaSonera is buying into music streamer Spotify for a slice of the fast growth and rapid innovation typical of online companies, investing as competition heats up in Spotify's industry. Spotify Raises $115 Million From TeliaSonera&#160;in Share Sale"), (u'Review: The Best New Features Coming From Apple, Google', u"New features promised for smartphones, tablets and watches could improve how we interact with technology. Although it's too soon to tell how well these will work in practice, here's a look at what I'm looking forward to most this fall. New features promised for smartphones, tablets and watches could improve how we interact with technology. Although it's too soon to tell how well these will work in practice, here's a look at what I'm looking forward to most this fall. Review: The Best New Features Coming From Apple, Google"), (u'Apple Music and Labels Investigated in 2 States', u'The attorneys general of New York and Connecticut are investigating Apple\u2019s negotiations with music companies in search of potential antitrust violations. The attorneys general of New York and Connecticut are investigating Apple\u2019s negotiations with music companies in search of potential antitrust violations. Apple Music and Labels Investigated in 2 States'), (u'European Cloud Companies Play Up Privacy Credentials', u'A growing number of European cloud computing companies are trying to take on American competitors like Google and Microsoft by playing up their privacy credentials A growing number of European cloud computing companies are trying to take on American competitors like Google and Microsoft by playing up their privacy credentials European Cloud Companies Play Up Privacy Credentials'), (u'Washington Scrutinizes the Sharing Economy', u'Two conferences in Washington on Tuesday examined peer-to-peer Internet companies like Uber and explored their impact on the economy and how and when regulators should step in. Two conferences in Washington on Tuesday examined peer-to-peer Internet companies like Uber and explored their impact on the economy and how and when regulators should step in. Washington Scrutinizes the Sharing Economy'), (u'Merkel Urges Germans to Put Aside Fear of Big Data', u'Germans need to overcome their traditional fear of the large-scale collection of personal data by companies and instead embrace its opportunities or risk being marginalized in the global economy, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday. Germans need to overcome their traditional fear of the large-scale collection of personal data by companies and instead embrace its opportunities or risk being marginalized in the global economy, Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Tuesday. Merkel Urges Germans to Put Aside Fear of Big Data'), (u"China's Big Biotech Bet Starting to Pay Off", u'Years of pouring money into its laboratories, wooing scientists home from overseas and urging researchers to publish and patent is starting to give China a competitive edge in biotechnology, a strategic field it sees as ripe for "indigenous... Years of pouring money into its laboratories, wooing scientists home from overseas and urging researchers to publish and patent is starting to give China a competitive edge in biotechnology, a strategic field it sees as ripe for "indigenous innovation." China\'s Big Biotech Bet Starting to Pay Off'), (u"Who's Who in Music Streaming: Apple, Spotify, Pandora & More", u"Apple shook up the music world more than a decade ago when it offered an easy way to buy songs digitally for 99 cents each. Now, it's trying to do it again with a subscription music streaming service. Apple shook up the music world more than a decade ago when it offered an easy way to buy songs digitally for 99 cents each. Now, it's trying to do it again with a subscription music streaming service. Who's Who in Music Streaming: Apple, Spotify, Pandora & More"), (u'Exclusive: A400M Probe Focuses on Impact of Accidental Data Wipe', u"A tiny piece of data needed to run the West's largest turboprop engines is at the center of a complex chain of events under scrutiny following an Airbus A400M military plane crash last month, several people familiar with the matter said. A tiny piece of data needed to run the West's largest turboprop engines is at the center of a complex chain of events under scrutiny following an Airbus A400M military plane crash last month, several people familiar with the matter said. Exclusive: A400M Probe Focuses on Impact of Accidental Data Wipe"), (u'U.S. Air Force to Use New Lockheed Spacecraft for Next Satellites', u"The U.S. Air Force said on Tuesday it will use Lockheed Martin Corp's updated A2100 spacecraft for the fifth and sixth U.S. missile early warning satellites, with no additional cost to its 2014 bulk purchase contract with Lockheed. The U.S. Air Force said on Tuesday it will use Lockheed Martin Corp's updated A2100 spacecraft for the fifth and sixth U.S. missile early warning satellites, with no additional cost to its 2014 bulk purchase contract with Lockheed. U.S. Air Force to Use New Lockheed Spacecraft for Next Satellites"), (u'Ex-BlackBerry Co-CEO Talks Publicly for the First Time', u"Former BlackBerry co-chief executive Jim Balsillie said Tuesday that Apple's introduction of the iPhone and BlackBerry's rushed attempt to match it was devastating for the once iconic company. Former BlackBerry co-chief executive Jim Balsillie said Tuesday that Apple's introduction of the iPhone and BlackBerry's rushed attempt to match it was devastating for the once iconic company. Ex-BlackBerry Co-CEO Talks Publicly for the First Time"), (u'Intel Launches Investment Fund for Minority, Women-Led Firms', u'Intel is launching a $125 million investment fund for technology startups led by women and minorities, a move the chipmaker says is aimed at changing the face of Silicon Valley. Intel is launching a $125 million investment fund for technology startups led by women and minorities, a move the chipmaker says is aimed at changing the face of Silicon Valley. Intel Launches Investment Fund for Minority, Women-Led Firms'), (u"Audi CEO's Privacy Appeal Takes Aim at Google's Car Push", u"Volkswagen's Audi will take a stringent line on guarding customers' data, the carmaker's chief executive said on Tuesday, in a thinly veiled swipe at new rival Google Inc.. Volkswagen's Audi will take a stringent line on guarding customers' data, the carmaker's chief executive said on Tuesday, in a thinly veiled swipe at new rival Google Inc.. Audi CEO's Privacy Appeal Takes Aim at Google's Car Push"), (u'Israeli Start-Up Spins Web of Deception to Foil Hackers', u'Israeli start-up Illusive Networks says it can foil cyber hackers by lulling them into thinking they have found a way to steal data, which is actually fake. Israeli start-up Illusive Networks says it can foil cyber hackers by lulling them into thinking they have found a way to steal data, which is actually fake. Israeli Start-Up Spins Web of Deception to Foil Hackers'), (u'Daily Report: Apple Unveils Music Service and Software Upgrades', u'Apple Music, starting at $10 a month, will allow users to search for songs and stream them over the Internet, similar to Spotify. Apple Music, starting at $10 a month, will allow users to search for songs and stream them over the Internet, similar to Spotify. Daily Report: Apple Unveils Music Service and Software Upgrades'), (u'Apple Announces Streaming Music Service', u'Apple\u2019s chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, and its head of software and internet services, Eddy Cue, announced the company\u2019s new music streaming service on Monday in San Francisco. Apple\u2019s chief executive, Timothy D. Cook, and its head of software and internet services, Eddy Cue, announced the company\u2019s new music streaming service on Monday in San Francisco. Apple Announces Streaming Music Service'), (u'Tablet Maker Fuhu Launches New Content Subscription Service', u'Fuhu Inc, creator of kid-friendly computer tablets, said it will launch a new tablet that includes content from Walt Disney Co, Dreamworks Animation SKG Inc, Discovery Communications Inc and others. Fuhu Inc, creator of kid-friendly computer tablets, said it will launch a new tablet that includes content from Walt Disney Co, Dreamworks Animation SKG Inc, Discovery Communications Inc and others. Tablet Maker Fuhu Launches New Content Subscription Service'), (u'Australian Web Provider iiNet in Possible Database Hacking', u"Australian Internet provider iiNet Ltd has urged more than 30,000 customers to change their passwords after claims emerged online that hackers had been attempting to sell personal information stolen from one of the firm's databases. Australian Internet provider iiNet Ltd has urged more than 30,000 customers to change their passwords after claims emerged online that hackers had been attempting to sell personal information stolen from one of the firm's databases. Australian Web Provider iiNet in Possible Database Hacking"), (u'Sony Aims for More Clients, 20 Percent Sales Growth in Image Sensors', u'Sony Corp aims to diversify its client base for image sensors beyond top customer Apple Inc, even as it expects orders from the iPhone maker to help lift sales about 20 percent this fiscal year, a senior executive said on Tuesday. Sony Corp aims to diversify its client base for image sensors beyond top customer Apple Inc, even as it expects orders from the iPhone maker to help lift sales about 20 percent this fiscal year, a senior executive said on Tuesday. Sony Aims for More Clients, 20 Percent Sales Growth in Image Sensors'), (u'High-Tech Extortion Attacks Nearly Doubled in First Quarter, Report Says', u'High-tech extortion schemes nearly doubled in the first three months of 2015, while attacks on Adobe Flash software used in streaming media and casual game sites quadrupled, a global report said on Tuesday. High-tech extortion schemes nearly doubled in the first three months of 2015, while attacks on Adobe Flash software used in streaming media and casual game sites quadrupled, a global report said on Tuesday. High-Tech Extortion Attacks Nearly Doubled in First Quarter, Report Says'), (u'Exclusive: U.S. Tech Industry Appeals to Obama to Keep Hands Off Encryption', u"As Washington weighs new cybersecurity steps amid a public backlash over mass surveillance, U.S. tech companies warned President Barack Obama not to weaken increasingly sophisticated encryption systems designed to protect consumers' privacy. As Washington weighs new cybersecurity steps amid a public backlash over mass surveillance, U.S. tech companies warned President Barack Obama not to weaken increasingly sophisticated encryption systems designed to protect consumers' privacy. Exclusive: U.S. Tech Industry Appeals to Obama to Keep Hands Off Encryption"), (u'Apple Music Is Unveiled, Along With Operating System Upgrades', u"The new streaming service, which will cost $10 a month, will compete with Spotify and be offered alongside an overhauled iTunes Radio. The new streaming service, which will cost $10 a month, will compete with Spotify and be offered alongside an overhauled iTunes Radio. Apple unveils revamped music products, which will incorporate Beats music service, at company's annual conference for software developers, in bid to compete against services like Spotify and Pandora; presentation underscores degree to which Apple recognizes that it must grab spotlight, in addition to giving customers comparable offerings, to compete. Apple Music Is Unveiled, Along With Operating System Upgrades"), (u'Uber Spends Heavily to Establish Itself in China', u'Faced with homegrown competition in China, the ride-hailing service is offering its Chinese drivers bonuses of up to three times fares. Faced with homegrown competition in China, the ride-hailing service is offering its Chinese drivers bonuses of up to three times fares. Uber is spending significant amount of money in China, including paying huge bonuses to drivers, in effort to match its American success there; strategy has been working, and seems to defy trend in which American start-up companies have largely faltered upon entry into competitive Chinese market. Uber Spends Heavily to Establish Itself in China'), (u"Apple Show: Music Streaming, Watch Apps and 'El Capitan'", u"Apple kicked off its annual conference for software developers in San Francisco on Monday, unveiling plans for a music-streaming service, new apps for its smart watch and the overseas expansion of its mobile payments system. Apple kicked off its annual conference for software developers in San Francisco on Monday, unveiling plans for a music-streaming service, new apps for its smart watch and the overseas expansion of its mobile payments system. Apple Show: Music Streaming, Watch Apps and 'El Capitan'"), (u'Looking for Robots That Will Cooperate, Not Terminate', u'A Darpa robotic competition in California focused on machines that can perform ordinary tasks that were the furthest thing from the killer automatons of science fiction. A Darpa robotic competition in California focused on machines that can perform ordinary tasks that were the furthest thing from the killer automatons of science fiction. Looking for Robots That Will Cooperate, Not Terminate'), (u'Connected Cows, Cars and Crockery Prod Chip Mega Mergers', u'Chip companies are merging, signing $66 billion worth of deals this year alone in preparation for an explosion of demand from all walks of life as the next technological revolution takes hold: the Internet of Things. Chip companies are merging, signing $66 billion worth of deals this year alone in preparation for an explosion of demand from all walks of life as the next technological revolution takes hold: the Internet of Things. Connected Cows, Cars and Crockery Prod Chip Mega Mergers'), (u'Video Feature: The Apple Collector', u'Lonnie Mimms has been a collector all his life. But vintage computers are his real obsession, namely ones made by Apple. By his own estimate, he has invested more than a million dollars in his computer collection. Lonnie Mimms has been a collector all his life. But vintage computers are his real obsession, namely ones made by Apple. By his own estimate, he has invested more than a million dollars in his computer collection. Video Feature: The Apple Collector'), (u'U.S. Army Says It Took Down Website After Hacking Incident', u'The U.S. Army said on Monday it temporarily took down its website after a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army hacked into the site and posted messages. The U.S. Army said on Monday it temporarily took down its website after a group calling itself the Syrian Electronic Army hacked into the site and posted messages. U.S. Army Says It Took Down Website After Hacking Incident'), (u'Square Unveils Mobile Wallet-Friendly Credit Card Reader', u'Square announced a new credit card reader that accepts mobile wallets like Apple Pay. Square announced a new credit card reader that accepts mobile wallets like Apple Pay. Square Unveils Mobile Wallet-Friendly Credit Card Reader'), (u'Exclusive: Chipmaker Atmel Exploring Sale-Sources', u'Atmel Corp, a maker of small processors called microcontrollers that are used in a variety of electronics, is exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, three people familiar with the matter said on Monday. Atmel Corp, a maker of small processors called microcontrollers that are used in a variety of electronics, is exploring strategic alternatives, including a possible sale, three people familiar with the matter said on Monday. Exclusive: Chipmaker Atmel Exploring Sale-Sources'), (u'RTL Creates Team to Expand Online Video', u'European broadcaster RTL Group is creating a team to expand its online video business, especially in North America, responding to a change in viewing habits away from traditional broadcasting to the Internet. European broadcaster RTL Group is creating a team to expand its online video business, especially in North America, responding to a change in viewing habits away from traditional broadcasting to the Internet. RTL Creates Team to Expand Online Video'), (u'Digital Vintage', u'Ever wonder what the iPhone\u2019s grandparents looked like? Chances are Lonnie Mimms has one in the massive collection of vintage computers he keeps outside of Atlanta. Ever wonder what the iPhone\u2019s grandparents looked like? Chances are Lonnie Mimms has one in the massive collection of vintage computers he keeps outside of Atlanta. Digital Vintage'), (u'Apple Said to Build High-Speed Data Network: Bloomberg', u'Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers, to compete better with Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the plans. Apple Inc is setting up a high-speed network and upgrading how it builds data centers, to compete better with Amazon.com Inc, Google Inc and Microsoft Corp in cloud services, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the plans. Apple Said to Build High-Speed Data Network: Bloomberg'), (u'Daily Report: All Eyes on Apple', u'For the latest updates from the company\u2019s annual developer conference, follow two New York Times reporters, Farhad Manjoo and Brian X. Chen, who will be providing live updates from the keynote address in San Francisco. For <a href="http://www.nytimes.com/live/apple-wwdc-2015/">the latest updates from the company\u2019s annual developer conference</a>, follow two New York Times reporters, Farhad Manjoo and Brian X. Chen, who will be providing live updates from the keynote address in San Francisco. Daily Report: All Eyes on Apple'), (u'Children Learn to Write by Teaching Robots', u'By Matthew Stock By Matthew Stock Children Learn to Write by Teaching Robots'), (u'More Deals Seen in Chips as Internet of Things Blooms', u'With the biggest year in chip deals since 2000 not even halfway through, mid-sized semiconductor makers appear to be prime takeover targets as the largest players look to round out their capabilities and turn their focus to chips for cars, watches... With the biggest year in chip deals since 2000 not even halfway through, mid-sized semiconductor makers appear to be prime takeover targets as the largest players look to round out their capabilities and turn their focus to chips for cars, watches and other devices, making the "Internet of Things" a reality.  More Deals Seen in Chips as Internet of Things Blooms'), (u'Apple Makes Product Upgrades, Pushes Into Streaming Music', u'Apple announced a major new foray into streaming music on Monday as it showed off a host of new software features for its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple announced a major new foray into streaming music on Monday as it showed off a host of new software features for its iPhones, iPads and Mac computers. Apple Makes Product Upgrades, Pushes Into Streaming Music'), (u'HackerOne Connects Hackers With Companies, and Hopes for a Win-Win', u"HackerOne\u2019s co-founders are betting they can persuade the world\u2019s hackers to spend their free time solving security\u2019s problems, not causing them, and that businesses will pay them a bounty for their service. HackerOne\u2019s co-founders are betting they can persuade the world\u2019s hackers to spend their free time solving security\u2019s problems, not causing them, and that businesses will pay them a bounty for their service. Michiel Prins, Jobert Abma, Merijn Terheggen and Alex Rice are co-founders of HackerOne, which hopes to become middleman between companies and hackers who find cybersecurity flaws in companies' websites and products; company seeks to upend current system of discovering companies' cybersecurity flaws, which essentially incentivizes criminality instead of coming up with solutions to those flaws. HackerOne Connects Hackers With Companies, and Hopes for a Win-Win"), (u"Samsung Elec's New Smartwatch to Offer Mobile Payments: Electronic Times", u"Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd plans to offer a mobile payments function in a smartwatch to be launched in the second half of the year, South Korea's Electronic Times newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources. Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd plans to offer a mobile payments function in a smartwatch to be launched in the second half of the year, South Korea's Electronic Times newspaper reported on Monday citing unnamed sources.  Samsung Elec's New Smartwatch to Offer Mobile Payments: Electronic Times"), (u'U.S. Lawmaker Blames China for Cyber Attack Against U.S. Government', u'The chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee said on Sunday the Chinese government was likely to have been behind the recent breach of U.S. government computers, which may have compromised the personal data of 4 million current and... The chairman of the U.S. House Homeland Security Committee said on Sunday the Chinese government was likely to have been behind the recent breach of U.S. government computers, which may have compromised the personal data of 4 million current and former federal employees. U.S. Lawmaker Blames China for Cyber Attack Against U.S. Government'), (u'Apple Wants a Lead Role in Streaming Music', u"Apple's iTunes helped change the way music-lovers bought their favorite songs, replacing plastic discs with digital downloads. Now the maker of iPods and iPhones wants to carve out a leading role in a revolution well underway, with a new, paid... Apple's iTunes helped change the way music-lovers bought their favorite songs, replacing plastic discs with digital downloads. Now the maker of iPods and iPhones wants to carve out a leading role in a revolution well underway, with a new, paid streaming-music service set to launch this summer. Apple Wants a Lead Role in Streaming Music"), (u'Remittances at the Click of a Smartphone Button', u'Tech start-ups and traditional telecom operators are taking advantage of the rapid rise of smartphones in many emerging economies to reduce the barriers \u2014 and costs \u2014 of sending cash overseas. Tech start-ups and traditional telecom operators are taking advantage of the rapid rise of smartphones in many emerging economies to reduce the barriers \u2014 and costs \u2014 of sending cash overseas. Remittances at the Click of a Smartphone Button'), (u'Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers', u'A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers. A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers. Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers'), (u"CEO Says Orange 'in Israel to Stay'", u"Orange has no plans to quit Israel, its chief executive officer said on Saturday, following a row this week over its plan to end a licensing deal there. Orange has no plans to quit Israel, its chief executive officer said on Saturday, following a row this week over its plan to end a licensing deal there. CEO Says Orange 'in Israel to Stay'"), (u'Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers', u'A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers. A massive breach of U.S. federal computer networks disclosed this week is the latest in a flood of attacks by suspected Chinese hackers aimed at grabbing personal data, industrial secrets and weapons plans from government and private computers. Big U.S. Data Breaches Offer Treasure Trove for Hackers'), (u'Updating the Mac\u2019s Software', u'Some updates, such as security patches, are essential, but it can make sense to research others before taking the plunge. Some updates, such as security patches, are essential, but it can make sense to research others before taking the plunge. Updating the Mac\u2019s Software'), (u'Google to Release Monthly Data on Self-Driving Car Accidents', u'Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars. Google Inc said it would give monthly updates of accidents involving its driverless cars.  Google to Release Monthly Data on Self-Driving Car Accidents'), (u'House Memo Says U.S. Agency Knows Types of Data Exposed to Hackers', u'The U.S. Office of Personnel Management knows what types of data were exposed to hackers who broke into government computers but not what data was actually taken, a U.S. House of Representatives memo said on Friday. The U.S. Office of Personnel Management knows what types of data were exposed to hackers who broke into government computers but not what data was actually taken, a U.S. House of Representatives memo said on Friday. House Memo Says U.S. Agency Knows Types of Data Exposed to Hackers'), (u'Ellen Pao Sought $2.7 Million to Settle Kleiner Lawsuit-Filing', u'Ellen Pao, a former partner at Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers, sought a $2.7 million settlement after a jury rejected her claims that the venture capital firm discriminated against her, according to a court filing on Friday. Ellen Pao, a former partner at Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers, sought a $2.7 million settlement after a jury rejected her claims that the venture capital firm discriminated against her, according to a court filing on Friday. Ellen Pao Sought $2.7 Million to Settle Kleiner Lawsuit-Filing'), (u'U.S. Benghazi Panel to Hear From Clinton Friend in Private on June 16', u'A U.S. congressional panel investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Friday said it would meet behind closed doors on June 16 to hear from Sidney Blumenthal, a longtime friend of Hillary Clinton who was an unofficial adviser while she was... A U.S. congressional panel investigating the 2012 attacks in Benghazi, Libya, on Friday said it would meet behind closed doors on June 16 to hear from Sidney Blumenthal, a longtime friend of Hillary Clinton who was an unofficial adviser while she was secretary of state. U.S. Benghazi Panel to Hear From Clinton Friend in Private on June 16'), (u'U.S. Investigating Cyber Breach as National Security Matter: Official', u"A cyber breach into U.S. government workers' personnel data is being investigated as a national security matter, meaning it may have originated from a foreign government, a U.S. official told Reuters. A cyber breach into U.S. government workers' personnel data is being investigated as a national security matter, meaning it may have originated from a foreign government, a U.S. official told Reuters.  U.S. Investigating Cyber Breach as National Security Matter: Official"), (u"White House: 'No Conclusion' on Who Is Behind Cyber Breach of U.S. Data", u'The White House said on Friday that "no conclusion" had been reached about the origin of a massive cybersecurity breach at the U.S. agency that collects personnel information for federal employees. The White House said on Friday that "no conclusion" had been reached about the origin of a massive cybersecurity breach at the U.S. agency that collects personnel information for federal employees. White House: \'No Conclusion\' on Who Is Behind Cyber Breach of U.S. Data'), (u'Charter Tells FCC Net Neutrality Has Not Affected Its Investments', u'New U.S. net neutrality regulations have not affected how Charter Communications Inc invests in building its telecoms networks, Chief Executive Tom Rutledge told Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler this week. New U.S. net neutrality regulations have not affected how Charter Communications Inc invests in building its telecoms networks, Chief Executive Tom Rutledge told Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler this week. Charter Tells FCC Net Neutrality Has Not Affected Its Investments'), (u'Iranian Entrepreneurs Thirst for Foreign Funding, Expertise', u'Tohid Tasoujian is a co-founder of online fashion store Taxi Moda and one of a growing breed of Internet entrepreneurs in sanctions-hit Iran. Tohid Tasoujian is a co-founder of online fashion store Taxi Moda and one of a growing breed of Internet entrepreneurs in sanctions-hit Iran. Iranian Entrepreneurs Thirst for Foreign Funding, Expertise'), (u"Medical Data, Cybercriminals' Holy Grail, Now Espionage Target", u"Whoever was behind the latest theft of personal data from U.S. government computers, they appear to be following a new trend set by cybercriminals: targeting increasingly valuable medical records and personnel files. Whoever was behind the latest theft of personal data from U.S. government computers, they appear to be following a new trend set by cybercriminals: targeting increasingly valuable medical records and personnel files. Medical Data, Cybercriminals' Holy Grail, Now Espionage Target"), (u'Daily Report: Rising Resistance Among American Consumers to Data-Mining Practices', u'Many Americans do not think the trade-off of their data for personalized services, giveaways or discounts is a fair deal, a University of Pennsylvania study found. Many Americans do not think the trade-off of their data for personalized services, giveaways or discounts is a fair deal, a University of Pennsylvania study found. Daily Report: Rising Resistance Among American Consumers to Data-Mining Practices'), (u'Selling E-Commerce While Avoiding Amazon', u'Amazon is by far the largest e-commerce player. Six hundred smaller fry gathered in Chicago this week to work out strategies for competing against or even cooperating with the Seattle giant. Amazon is by far the largest e-commerce player. Six hundred smaller fry gathered in Chicago this week to work out strategies for competing against or even cooperating with the Seattle giant. Selling E-Commerce While Avoiding Amazon'), (u'Data Hacked From U.S. Government Dates Back to 1985: U.S. Official', u'Data stolen from U.S. government computers by suspected Chinese hackers included security clearance information and background checks dating back three decades, U.S. officials said on Friday, underlining the scope of one of the largest known cyber... Data stolen from U.S. government computers by suspected Chinese hackers included security clearance information and background checks dating back three decades, U.S. officials said on Friday, underlining the scope of one of the largest known cyber attacks on federal networks. Data Hacked From U.S. Government Dates Back to 1985: U.S. Official'), (u"Exclusive: In 'Year of Apple Pay', Many Top Retailers Remain Skeptical", u'In a January earnings call with investors, Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook made a confident prediction: "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay," he said. In a January earnings call with investors, Apple Inc Chief Executive Tim Cook made a confident prediction: "2015 will be the year of Apple Pay," he said. Exclusive: In \'Year of Apple Pay\', Many Top Retailers Remain Skeptical'), (u'Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator', u'Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday. Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday. Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator'), (u'Chinese Hackers Behind Breach at Insurers Are Also Responsible for Government Attack, Researchers Say', u'Researchers say it suggests spies are no longer just stealing American corporate and military trade secrets, but personal information for some later purpose. Researchers say it suggests spies are no longer just stealing American corporate and military trade secrets, but personal information for some later purpose. Chinese Hackers Behind Breach at Insurers Are Also Responsible for Government Attack, Researchers Say'), (u'Questions on Spectrum Animate T-Mobile-Dish Merger Talks', u'T-Mobile is angling for more low-frequency airwaves, while Dish Networks has amassed mid-spectrum airwaves, until recently thought to be much less valuable. T-Mobile is angling for more low-frequency airwaves, while Dish Networks has amassed mid-spectrum airwaves, until recently thought to be much less valuable. Premium value of wireless spectrum is at heart of potential deal between Dish Networks and T-Mobile; Dish has bought up significant amount of spectrum at government auctions amid redistribution effort by Federal Communications Commission; deal could disrupt stranglehold on spectrum market held by AT&T and Verizon. Questions on Spectrum Animate T-Mobile-Dish Merger Talks'), (u'Sharing Data, but Not Happily', u'Many Americans do not think the trade-off of their data for personalized services, giveaways or discounts is a fair deal, a University of Pennsylvania study found. Many Americans do not think the trade-off of their data for personalized services, giveaways or discounts is a fair deal, a University of Pennsylvania study found. University of Pennsylvania study confirms what many critics had long suspected, that majority of Americans are unhappy trading their privacy for free online services, giveaways and discounts; study is likely to fuel debate between tech executives and federal regulators over whether consumers should be given more control over the information collected about them; charts illustrate attitudes about data mining. Sharing Data, but Not Happily'), (u'Apple to Unveil Tool Kit for Watch App Developers   ', u"Apple is set to unveil new app tools for its watch on Monday, as well as software updates and a streaming music service. Missing will be the Apple TV. Apple is set to unveil new app tools for its watch on Monday, as well as software updates and a streaming music service. Missing will be the Apple TV. Apple prepares for annual developer conference, at which it plans to release new tools for software makers to create smarter apps for its new Apple Watch; new, deeper applications are crucial for success of product, which has so far not boasted any groundbreaking software, largely out of fear that it would take too long to load; new tools will include better access to device's heart-rate and motion sensors. Apple to Unveil Tool Kit for Watch App Developers   "), (u'Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator', u'Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday. Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has put in another application to invest in Taiwan under rules for mainland-backed companies, a Taiwanese regulator said Friday.  Alibaba Puts in New Application to Invest in Taiwan: Regulator'), (u'LG Display Shares Hit Lowest in Almost a Year After Fall in Panel Prices', u'Shares of LG Display Co Ltd fell sharply in early trade on Friday, hitting their lowest point in almost a year, after data from researcher DisplaySearch showed industry-wide display panel prices were broadly lower. Shares of LG Display Co Ltd fell sharply in early trade on Friday, hitting their lowest point in almost a year, after data from researcher DisplaySearch showed industry-wide display panel prices were broadly lower.  LG Display Shares Hit Lowest in Almost a Year After Fall in Panel Prices'), (u'Chinese Premier Encourages Start-Up Firms to List Locally', u'Chinese premier Li Keqiang said the government would promote domestic listings of start-up firms with "special ownership structure", part of China\'s efforts to encourage innovation and boost funding for productive sectors of the economy. Chinese premier Li Keqiang said the government would promote domestic listings of start-up firms with "special ownership structure", part of China\'s efforts to encourage innovation and boost funding for productive sectors of the economy. Chinese Premier Encourages Start-Up Firms to List Locally'), (u'Apple Watch Challenges Developers to Make Games That Take Seconds', u"When Maximo Cavazzani, creator of the popular mobile game Trivia Crack, learned about Apple Inc's plan for a new smart watch, it seemed like a logical step to adapt his game for the new product. But the little watch had some big limitations. When Maximo Cavazzani, creator of the popular mobile game Trivia Crack, learned about Apple Inc's plan for a new smart watch, it seemed like a logical step to adapt his game for the new product. But the little watch had some big limitations. Apple Watch Challenges Developers to Make Games That Take Seconds"), (u"Chinese Embassy Says Accusations Over U.S. Data Breach 'Not Responsible'", u'The Chinese Embassy in Washington, responding to reports that China was behind a massive cyberattack on U.S. government computers, said on Thursday that jumping to conclusions was "not responsible, and counterproductive." The Chinese Embassy in Washington, responding to reports that China was behind a massive cyberattack on U.S. government computers, said on Thursday that jumping to conclusions was "not responsible, and counterproductive." Chinese Embassy Says Accusations Over U.S. Data Breach \'Not Responsible\''), (u'Deal Between T-Mobile and Dish Could Spell Trouble for Sprint', u'A merger of T-Mobile US Inc and satellite TV company Dish Network Corp could force Sprint Corp to pursue a deal or partnership itself. A merger of T-Mobile US Inc and satellite TV company Dish Network Corp could force Sprint Corp to pursue a deal or partnership itself. Deal Between T-Mobile and Dish Could Spell Trouble for Sprint'), (u'Foreign Entity or Government Believed Behind U.S. Data Breach: Law Enforcement Official', u'A foreign entity or government is believed to be behind a massive cyber breach that compromised the data of about 4 million current and former U.S. government employees, a law enforcement official said on Thursday. A foreign entity or government is believed to be behind a massive cyber breach that compromised the data of about 4 million current and former U.S. government employees, a law enforcement official said on Thursday. Foreign Entity or Government Believed Behind U.S. Data Breach: Law Enforcement Official'), (u"Exclusive: CACI, Booz Allen, Leidos Eye CSC's Government Unit-Sources", u"CACI International Inc, Booz Allen Hamilton Holdings and Leidos Holdings Inc have held exploratory discussions to acquire Computer Sciences Corp's public sector division, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday. CACI International Inc, Booz Allen Hamilton Holdings and Leidos Holdings Inc have held exploratory discussions to acquire Computer Sciences Corp's public sector division, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday. Exclusive: CACI, Booz Allen, Leidos Eye CSC's Government Unit-Sources"), (u'Twitter Appoints Robert Kaiden as Chief Accounting Officer', u'Twitter Inc appointed Robert Kaiden, 48, as chief accounting officer. Twitter Inc appointed Robert Kaiden, 48, as chief accounting officer.  Twitter Appoints Robert Kaiden as Chief Accounting Officer'), (u'Yahoo to Shut Down Maps, Some Other Services', u'Yahoo Inc said it was shutting down a few of its services, including Yahoo Maps, as it realigns itself to focus on search and digital content. Yahoo Inc said it was shutting down a few of its services, including Yahoo Maps, as it realigns itself to focus on search and digital content. Yahoo to Shut Down Maps, Some Other Services'), (u'Only Bigger Platform Would Prompt Spotify Owner Ek to Sell: DN', u'Daniel Ek, founder of Spotify, would only consider selling the online music streaming service if it meant a bigger platform for its music, he told Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter. Daniel Ek, founder of Spotify, would only consider selling the online music streaming service if it meant a bigger platform for its music, he told Swedish daily Dagens Nyheter. Only Bigger Platform Would Prompt Spotify Owner Ek to Sell: DN'), (u'Facebook Rolls Out New Android App for Emerging Markets', u'Facebook Inc rolled out a new Android app for its social media service on Thursday that uses less data and runs faster in regions with spotty connections. Facebook Inc rolled out a new Android app for its social media service on Thursday that uses less data and runs faster in regions with spotty connections. Facebook Rolls Out New Android App for Emerging Markets'), (u"Lattice Semiconductor Open to Sale for 'High Premium': CEO", u"Lattice Semiconductor Corp - one of just a handful of programmable-chip makers left after Intel Corp's deal to buy Altera Corp - is open to a sale, but only for a bigger premium than that offered by Intel, CEO Darin Billerbeck said. Lattice Semiconductor Corp - one of just a handful of programmable-chip makers left after Intel Corp's deal to buy Altera Corp - is open to a sale, but only for a bigger premium than that offered by Intel, CEO Darin Billerbeck said. Lattice Semiconductor Open to Sale for 'High Premium': CEO"), (u'Leaked Documents Show U.S. Widened Internet Spying: N.Y. Times', u"Documents leaked by Edward Snowden show that the U.S. government has widened the National Security Agency's warrantless surveillance of Americans' international Internet traffic in the hunt for hackers, the New York Times reported on Thursday. Documents leaked by Edward Snowden show that the U.S. government has widened the National Security Agency's warrantless surveillance of Americans' international Internet traffic in the hunt for hackers, the New York Times reported on Thursday. Leaked Documents Show U.S. Widened Internet Spying: N.Y. Times"), (u'Apple Watch: Soon Available for Sale in Stores', u"Soon you'll be able to buy an Apple Watch like you'd buy most other watches &#8212; in a store. Soon you'll be able to buy an Apple Watch like you'd buy most other watches &#8212; in a store. Apple Watch: Soon Available for Sale in Stores"), (u'Sacca\u2019s Tweaks for Twitter', u'In a recent note, Chris Sacca, a former Google employee and early investor in Twitter, criticizes the social media company and recommends changes. In a recent note, Chris Sacca, a former Google employee and early investor in Twitter, criticizes the social media company and recommends changes. Sacca\u2019s Tweaks for Twitter'), (u'Sheryl Sandberg&#8217;s Post on Late Husband Sets  Off Meditations on Grief', u'Sheryl Sandberg\u2019s post on her late husband, Dave Goldberg, marking the end of a 30-day mourning period, has sparked numerous meditations on grief. Sheryl Sandberg\u2019s post on her late husband, Dave Goldberg, marking the end of a 30-day mourning period, has sparked numerous meditations on grief. Sheryl Sandberg&#8217;s Post on Late Husband Sets  Off Meditations on Grief'), (u"Israeli Arabs Seeking Greater Share in Country's Tech Start-Up Success", u'Israel\'s Arab minority is seeking its share of high-tech success in a "start-up nation", a quest that has already turned Jesus\'s boyhood town of Nazareth into an incubator for innovation. Israel\'s Arab minority is seeking its share of high-tech success in a "start-up nation", a quest that has already turned Jesus\'s boyhood town of Nazareth into an incubator for innovation. Israeli Arabs Seeking Greater Share in Country\'s Tech Start-Up Success'), (u'Daily Report: Apple to Announce Developer Tools for Watch, Plus Music Streaming Plan', u'Apple is set to unveil new app tools for its watch on Monday, as well as software updates and a streaming music service. Apple is set to unveil new app tools for its watch on Monday, as well as software updates and a streaming music service. Daily Report: Apple to Announce Developer Tools for Watch, Plus Music Streaming Plan'), (u'Alcoa Supplying Aerospace Aluminum for Samsung Galaxy 6 Phones', u'Metals company Alcoa Inc said on Thursday it is supplying aerospace-grade aluminum to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for its Galaxy S6 and S6 edge models, enabling the smartphone maker to produce more durable and sleeker phones. Metals company Alcoa Inc said on Thursday it is supplying aerospace-grade aluminum to Samsung Electronics Co Ltd for its Galaxy S6 and S6 edge models, enabling the smartphone maker to produce more durable and sleeker phones. Alcoa Supplying Aerospace Aluminum for Samsung Galaxy 6 Phones'), (u'Apple Watch to Hit Retail Stores on June 26', u'Apple Inc said it would start selling some models of its watch at its retail stores this month, and also roll out the gadget in seven more countries. Apple Inc said it would start selling some models of its watch at its retail stores this month, and also roll out the gadget in seven more countries. Apple Watch to Hit Retail Stores on June 26'), (u'Financial Software Maker SunGard Files for IPO', u'SunGard, a financial software maker, filed with U.S. regulators on Thursday for an initial public offering of its common stock. SunGard, a financial software maker, filed with U.S. regulators on Thursday for an initial public offering of its common stock. Financial Software Maker SunGard Files for IPO'), (u'Huawei Sees Rapid Smartphone Growth in South Africa: CEO', u"China's Huawei Technologies company expects to double smartphone device import to South Africa, reaching 2 million this year, chief executive of the local unit said on Thursday. China's Huawei Technologies company expects to double smartphone device import to South Africa, reaching 2 million this year, chief executive of the local unit said on Thursday. Huawei Sees Rapid Smartphone Growth in South Africa: CEO"), (u'In Tech: Microsoft Tries to Win Mobile Friends', u'Looking for a new app for making "to-do" lists on your Apple or Android phone? You could use Apple\'s Reminders or Google\'s Keep. But Microsoft is hoping you\'ll try Wunderlist, created by a German tech startup that Microsoft bought this week. Looking for a new app for making "to-do" lists on your Apple or Android phone? You could use Apple\'s Reminders or Google\'s Keep. But Microsoft is hoping you\'ll try Wunderlist, created by a German tech startup that Microsoft bought this week. In Tech: Microsoft Tries to Win Mobile Friends'), (u'New Research Says Robots Are Unlikely to Eat Our Jobs', u'Clever software and smart machines are automating jobs. But a new McKinsey Global Institute study and a Harvard Business Review article point to an upside: technology as a helper and partner. Clever software and smart machines are automating jobs. But a new McKinsey Global Institute study and a Harvard Business Review article point to an upside: technology as a helper and partner. New Research Says Robots Are Unlikely to Eat Our Jobs'), (u'Computer Scientists Are Astir After Baidu Team Is Barred From A.I. Competition', u"The team from China&#8217;s leading search engine was disqualified when it was discovered it had broken rules in a way that could give it an advantage in the competition. The team from China&#8217;s leading search engine was disqualified when it was discovered it had broken rules in a way that could give it an advantage in the competition. Computer scientists organizing annual international competition for artificial intelligence technology bar researchers from Baidu, China's leading search engine, from contest; public announcement states that Baidu's team violated submissions rules in effort to gain unfair advantage over competitors; computer scientists express dismay over episode, which raises broader concerns about ethics in scientific research. Computer Scientists Are Astir After Baidu Team Is Barred From A.I. Competition"), (u'Video Feature: Streaming Music Apps for a Variety of Tastes', u'As Apple prepares to enter the fray, it\u2019s a good time to assess the free and paid services that Spotify, Rdio and others have to offer. As Apple prepares to enter the fray, it\u2019s a good time to assess the free and paid services that Spotify, Rdio and others have to offer. Kit Eaton App Smart column looks at variety of streaming music apps, many of them free. Video Feature: Streaming Music Apps for a Variety of Tastes'), (u'Apple Takes On a Market Full of Streaming Services', u"The company will be entering a crowded market, but its size and reach will be to its advantage. The company will be entering a crowded market, but its size and reach will be to its advantage. Apple's new subscription music streaming plan will compete with Spotify, and its updates to its iTunes Radio service will challenge Pandora and traditional broadcasters; company is entering established and competitive market, but analysts say its huge size and reach gives it advantage over other players. Apple Takes On a Market Full of Streaming Services"), (u'Upload the Pictures, and Let Google Photos Do the Rest', u"Take all the photos you want, back them up automatically into the cloud and use Google\u2019s image search abilities to find them later. Take all the photos you want, back them up automatically into the cloud and use Google\u2019s image search abilities to find them later. Gadgetwise column; free Google Photos service allows user's images to be stored in cloud for later retrieval by Google's powerful image search system. Upload the Pictures, and Let Google Photos Do the Rest"), (u'Changing the Look of Excel', u"Microsoft Excel provides for changes in the typeface, point size and other characteristics of files that a user creates. Microsoft Excel provides for changes in the typeface, point size and other characteristics of files that a user creates. Personal Tech Q&A on typeface and other file changes for Microsoft Excel 2010; taking 'selfies' with selfie stick; Tip of the Week on increasing color contrast on text and images for Windows and Mac OS X. Changing the Look of Excel"), (u'A Talking Teddy Bear Practicing in the Pediatric Hospital', u"Huggable, a social robot prototype, is being tested to determine whether it can have therapeutic value for children who have long hospital stays. Huggable, a social robot prototype, is being tested to determine whether it can have therapeutic value for children who have long hospital stays. Huggable the teddy bear is a social robot prototype that is being tested at Boston Children's Hospital to see if it has therapeutic value for children who have long hospital stays; device, essentially a high-tech puppet, was developed at MIT's Media Lab. A Talking Teddy Bear Practicing in the Pediatric Hospital"), (u'Yahoo Wins Rights to Live Stream Bills-Jaguars N.F.L. Game', u'The company said that it had struck a deal with the National Football League to host the first free, live global webcast of a regular-season game, which will be played in London on Oct. 25. The company said that it had struck a deal with the National Football League to host the first free, live global webcast of a regular-season game, which will be played in London on Oct. 25. Yahoo says it has reached exclusive deal with National Football League to host first free, live global webcast of regular-season game, which will be played in London on Oct 25 between Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars. Yahoo Wins Rights to Live Stream Bills-Jaguars N.F.L. Game'), (u'Spotify Wants Listeners to Break Down Music Barriers', u'Spotify says that because online streaming services let users listen to anything they want, people are increasingly breaking away from rigid genres. Spotify says that because online streaming services let users listen to anything they want, people are increasingly breaking away from rigid genres. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column contends streaming music service Spotify, by exposing its 60 million listeners to a new artist daily, is pushing listeners away from fixed musical genres and encouraging them to sample new types of music; notes trend is sure to increase as streaming grows in popularity. Spotify Wants Listeners to Break Down Music Barriers'), (u"Japan's Rakuten to Raise $1.5 Billion in New Share Issue, Stock Slides", u"Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc said it would raise $1.5 billion through new share issuance to repay debt,  and its stock slid 6 percent on the planned dilution. Japanese online retailer Rakuten Inc said it would raise $1.5 billion through new share issuance to repay debt,  and its stock slid 6 percent on the planned dilution. Japan's Rakuten to Raise $1.5 Billion in New Share Issue, Stock Slides"), (u'An Early Twitter Investor Calls for Change', u'The critique by Chris Sacca increases the pressure on Dick Costolo, the chief executive, on the same day Mr. Costolo faced questions from shareholders. The critique by Chris Sacca increases the pressure on Dick Costolo, the chief executive, on the same day Mr. Costolo faced questions from shareholders. An Early Twitter Investor Calls for Change'), (u'HP Destroys a Dream Computer to Save It', u'A year ago, HP said it was coming out with a new kind of world-beating computer. Now it\u2019s backing away from its most whiz-bang promises. The new version may actually be more promising. A year ago, HP said it was coming out with a new kind of world-beating computer. Now it\u2019s backing away from its most whiz-bang promises. The new version may actually be more promising. HP Destroys a Dream Computer to Save It'), (u'App Smart | Stream Music For Free', u'There are plenty of great streaming music services that you can already try, often for free, and while the big players are jockeying to dominate the market, now is a great time to experiment. There are plenty of great streaming music services that you can already try, often for free, and while the big players are jockeying to dominate the market, now is a great time to experiment. App Smart | Stream Music For Free'), (u"Facebook COO Says Mourning Over Husband Left Her '30 Years Sadder'", u'Facebook\'s Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg took to the social media site on Wednesday to say she felt "thirty years sadder" after the 30-day mourning period she observed following her husband\'s sudden death. Facebook\'s Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg took to the social media site on Wednesday to say she felt "thirty years sadder" after the 30-day mourning period she observed following her husband\'s sudden death. Facebook COO Says Mourning Over Husband Left Her \'30 Years Sadder\''), (u'SoftBank Invests $1 Billion in Coupang, a Korean E-Commerce Start-Up', u'In one of the biggest investments into a privately held tech company this year, SoftBanks has put $1 billion into the Korean e-commerce start-up Coupang. In one of the biggest investments into a privately held tech company this year, SoftBanks has put $1 billion into the Korean e-commerce start-up Coupang. SoftBank Invests $1 Billion in Coupang, a Korean E-Commerce Start-Up'), (u"FAA to Name Adviser to Handle 'Crush' of Industry Drone Queries", u"The Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday that it would place a higher priority on integrating drones into the national air space by appointing a senior adviser to coordinate relations with industry and other outside stakeholders. The Federal Aviation Administration said on Wednesday that it would place a higher priority on integrating drones into the national air space by appointing a senior adviser to coordinate relations with industry and other outside stakeholders.  FAA to Name Adviser to Handle 'Crush' of Industry Drone Queries"), (u'The Bear', u'Beatrice Lipp, a patient at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital, meets Huggable, a robotic teddy bear. The robot\u2019s creators are studying whether it can have therapeutic value for hospitalized children. Beatrice Lipp, a patient at Boston Children\u2019s Hospital, meets Huggable, a robotic teddy bear. The robot\u2019s creators are studying whether it can have therapeutic value for hospitalized children. The Bear'), (u'Europe&#8217;s Next Generation of Venture Capital Funds', u'A new generation of venture capitalists are betting that their local knowledge and industry expertise can still find the latest start-ups hoping to compete with American rivals. A new generation of venture capitalists are betting that their local knowledge and industry expertise can still find the latest start-ups hoping to compete with American rivals. Europe&#8217;s Next Generation of Venture Capital Funds'), (u'Yahoo to Live-Stream October 25 NFL Game', u'Yahoo Inc will broadcast the Oct. 25 National Football League game between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars in London in the first live-stream of an NFL game. Yahoo Inc will broadcast the Oct. 25 National Football League game between the Buffalo Bills and Jacksonville Jaguars in London in the first live-stream of an NFL game. Yahoo to Live-Stream October 25 NFL Game'), (u'Apple Recalls Some Beats Pill XL Speakers', u'Apple Inc said it is recalling some Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard caused by overheating batteries. Apple Inc said it is recalling some Beats Pill XL portable wireless speakers due to a fire hazard caused by overheating batteries. Apple Recalls Some Beats Pill XL Speakers'), (u'Clinton Campaign Snares Box CEO in Courting Young Tech Millionaires', u'The last time Hillary Clinton ran for the White House in 2008, Aaron Levie was too busy building his start-up company to pay much attention to politics. The last time Hillary Clinton ran for the White House in 2008, Aaron Levie was too busy building his start-up company to pay much attention to politics. Clinton Campaign Snares Box CEO in Courting Young Tech Millionaires'), (u'Mobile Phone Access in Africa Set to Double in Next Five Years', u'Eighty percent of sub-Saharan Africa&#8217;s 800 million people should have access to mobile telephones by the end of the decade, double the current rate, although government help is needed to reach far-flung areas, industry body group GSMA said... Eighty percent of sub-Saharan Africa&#8217;s 800 million people should have access to mobile telephones by the end of the decade, double the current rate, although government help is needed to reach far-flung areas, industry body group GSMA said Wednesday. Mobile Phone Access in Africa Set to Double in Next Five Years'), (u'Orange Says Plans to Expand in North Africa', u'The chief executive of French telecoms operator Orange said on Wednesday that his firm planned to expand in North Africa. The chief executive of French telecoms operator Orange said on Wednesday that his firm planned to expand in North Africa. Orange Says Plans to Expand in North Africa'), (u'Daily Report: Spotify and the End of Musical Genres', u'Spotify says that because online streaming services let users listen to anything they want, people are increasingly breaking away from rigid genres. Spotify says that because online streaming services let users listen to anything they want, people are increasingly breaking away from rigid genres. Daily Report: Spotify and the End of Musical Genres'), (u'Whitman Paints a Vague Picture of Hewlett Packard Enterprise', u'At a meeting of HP\u2019s biggest corporate customers, Meg Whitman gave some details of the enterprise business she\u2019ll create Nov. 1. She\u2019s counting on making her company a big consulting partner. At a meeting of HP\u2019s biggest corporate customers, Meg Whitman gave some details of the enterprise business she\u2019ll create Nov. 1. She\u2019s counting on making her company a big consulting partner. Whitman Paints a Vague Picture of Hewlett Packard Enterprise'), (u'PillPack Harnesses Interest in Healthcare Firms to Raise $50 Million', u'Medications-by-mail company PillPack said it had raised $50 million in funding, underscoring the continuing appeal of healthcare companies to venture capital backers. Medications-by-mail company PillPack said it had raised $50 million in funding, underscoring the continuing appeal of healthcare companies to venture capital backers. PillPack Harnesses Interest in Healthcare Firms to Raise $50 Million'), (u'Kashmir Battles to Restore Mobile Services After Militant Attacks', u'Authorities in Indian-administered Kashmir battled on Wednesday to restore mobile phone coverage paralyzed after a series of attacks by a previously unknown militant outfit on people who cooperated with service providers. Authorities in Indian-administered Kashmir battled on Wednesday to restore mobile phone coverage paralyzed after a series of attacks by a previously unknown militant outfit on people who cooperated with service providers. Kashmir Battles to Restore Mobile Services After Militant Attacks'), (u"India Launches 'Lost and Found' Website to Find Missing Children", u'The Indian government has launched a "Lost and Found" website to help families trace the tens of thousands of children in the country who go missing every year - often abducted for forced labor or sexual exploitation - and are never found. The Indian government has launched a "Lost and Found" website to help families trace the tens of thousands of children in the country who go missing every year - often abducted for forced labor or sexual exploitation - and are never found. India Launches \'Lost and Found\' Website to Find Missing Children'), (u'Banks to Start Collecting Orders for Inwit IPO Next Week: Source', u'Banks will start collecting orders for the initial public offering of Telecom Italia tower unit Inwit next week, a source close to the matter said on Wednesday. Banks will start collecting orders for the initial public offering of Telecom Italia tower unit Inwit next week, a source close to the matter said on Wednesday. Banks to Start Collecting Orders for Inwit IPO Next Week: Source'), (u'Tech Tips: Your Guide to the Myriad Phone-Upgrade Options', u'Upgrading your phone is no longer as simple as paying $100 or $200 and extending your service contract by two years. Upgrading your phone is no longer as simple as paying $100 or $200 and extending your service contract by two years. Tech Tips: Your Guide to the Myriad Phone-Upgrade Options'), (u'Global Smartphone Subscriptions to Double by 2020: Ericsson', u"Global subscriptions for smartphones will more than double by 2020, helping mobile data traffic to ninefold, the world's largest telecoms network gear maker Ericsson predicted on Wednesday. Global subscriptions for smartphones will more than double by 2020, helping mobile data traffic to ninefold, the world's largest telecoms network gear maker Ericsson predicted on Wednesday. Global Smartphone Subscriptions to Double by 2020: Ericsson"), (u'Softbank to Invest $1 Billion in Korean e-Commerce Site Coupang', u'Japanese telecoms group SoftBank Corp is investing $1 billion in South Korean online retailer Coupang as part of a plan to step up its overseas expansion and as it struggles to turn around U.S. carrier Sprint which it bought in 2013. Japanese telecoms group SoftBank Corp is investing $1 billion in South Korean online retailer Coupang as part of a plan to step up its overseas expansion and as it struggles to turn around U.S. carrier Sprint which it bought in 2013.  Softbank to Invest $1 Billion in Korean e-Commerce Site Coupang'), (u'Accor Steps Up Digital Push and Changes Name', u'Accor said on Wednesday it would spend 22 million euros ($25 million) to enable independent hoteliers to offer their rooms on its booking website as it seeks ways to fight back against online travel agents such as Expedia and Booking.com. Accor said on Wednesday it would spend 22 million euros ($25 million) to enable independent hoteliers to offer their rooms on its booking website as it seeks ways to fight back against online travel agents such as Expedia and Booking.com. Accor Steps Up Digital Push and Changes Name'), (u'Nextel Operator NII to Stay in Brazil, Its Last Latam Operation', u'Nextel operator NII Holdings Inc is stepping up investment in Brazil to expand its tiny share of the mobile telephone market and has no plans to sell out despite an economic slowdown, its chief operating officer said. Nextel operator NII Holdings Inc is stepping up investment in Brazil to expand its tiny share of the mobile telephone market and has no plans to sell out despite an economic slowdown, its chief operating officer said. Nextel Operator NII to Stay in Brazil, Its Last Latam Operation'), (u'Samsung Electronics to Expand Mobile Payments Service to China, Europe', u'Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday that it will expand its Samsung Pay mobile payments service to markets such as China and Europe after an initial launch in South Korea and the United States later this year. Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Wednesday that it will expand its Samsung Pay mobile payments service to markets such as China and Europe after an initial launch in South Korea and the United States later this year. Samsung Electronics to Expand Mobile Payments Service to China, Europe'), (u"Toyota to Explore Ford's SDL In-Car Smartphone App Interface", u"Toyota Motor Corp said it reached an agreement with Ford Motor to explore collaboration for the implementation of Ford's SmartDeviceLink (SDL) technology in future Toyota and Lexus vehicles. Toyota Motor Corp said it reached an agreement with Ford Motor to explore collaboration for the implementation of Ford's SmartDeviceLink (SDL) technology in future Toyota and Lexus vehicles. Toyota to Explore Ford's SDL In-Car Smartphone App Interface"), (u'Republicans Resist F.C.C. Proposal for Lifeline Broadband Subsidies', u'Lawmakers at a Senate hearing did not dispute the benefits of broadband, but said the current Lifeline program for poor Americans had been mismanaged. Lawmakers at a Senate hearing did not dispute the benefits of broadband, but said the current Lifeline program for poor Americans had been mismanaged. Republicans at Senate subcommittee hearing criticize plan by Federal Communications Commission to expand Lifeline program to subsidize broadband Internet access for poor Americans; do not dispute that program could help poor, but cite financial mismanagement and fraud within current program. Republicans Resist F.C.C. Proposal for Lifeline Broadband Subsidies'), (u'Instagram to Open Its Photo Feed to Ads', u"The mobile photo sharing service, which has been mostly ad-free, is opening its feed to all advertisers and allowing them to target its users demographically. The mobile photo sharing service, which has been mostly ad-free, is opening its feed to all advertisers and allowing them to target its users demographically. Facebook announces plans to open photo feed on its Instagram service to all advertisers, move many say was inevitable and which could bring in up to $2.1 billion in additional annual revenue; advertisers will be able to target ads to various segments of service's 300 million users. Instagram to Open Its Photo Feed to Ads"), (u'Synchronoss Technologies Explores Sale Worth Over $2 Billion: WSJ', u'Software maker Synchronoss Technologies Inc is working with financial advisor Qatalyst Partners LP on a possible sale that could be valued at more than $2 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Software maker Synchronoss Technologies Inc is working with financial advisor Qatalyst Partners LP on a possible sale that could be valued at more than $2 billion, The Wall Street Journal reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Synchronoss Technologies Explores Sale Worth Over $2 Billion: WSJ'), (u'HP CEO Says Split Effective From November 1', u'Hewlett-Packard Co Chief Executive Meg Whitman said the separation of HP Inc and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise would be effective on Nov. 1. Hewlett-Packard Co Chief Executive Meg Whitman said the separation of HP Inc and Hewlett-Packard Enterprise would be effective on Nov. 1. HP CEO Says Split Effective From November 1'), (u'U.S. Plan to Cede Internet Domain Control on Track: ICANN Head', u"A controversial Obama administration plan to cede oversight of the non-profit that manages the Internet's infrastructure is on track to gain government approval by next year's presidential elections, the organization's chief said in an interview. A controversial Obama administration plan to cede oversight of the non-profit that manages the Internet's infrastructure is on track to gain government approval by next year's presidential elections, the organization's chief said in an interview. U.S. Plan to Cede Internet Domain Control on Track: ICANN Head"), (u"U.S. Expects Commercial Data-Sharing Deal With EU 'Very Soon'", u'The United States expects it will be able to clinch an agreement "very soon" with the European Union on a deal allowing companies to easily transfer data across the two blocs, a U.S. government representative said on Tuesday. The United States expects it will be able to clinch an agreement "very soon" with the European Union on a deal allowing companies to easily transfer data across the two blocs, a U.S. government representative said on Tuesday. U.S. Expects Commercial Data-Sharing Deal With EU \'Very Soon\''), (u'Pinterest Brings E-Commerce to Social Scrapbooking With &#8216;Buy It&#8217; Button', u'Pinterest, the online scrapbooking site, enters the ecommerce realm with a \u201cBuyable Pins\u201d button that enables people to purchase items through its site. Pinterest, the online scrapbooking site, enters the ecommerce realm with a \u201cBuyable Pins\u201d button that enables people to purchase items through its site. Pinterest Brings E-Commerce to Social Scrapbooking With &#8216;Buy It&#8217; Button'), (u'Instagram Takes Steps to Open Platform to Advertisers', u'Instagram said on Tuesday that it is taking steps to make its ads available to all types of businesses, not just hand-selected brands. Instagram said on Tuesday that it is taking steps to make its ads available to all types of businesses, not just hand-selected brands.  Instagram Takes Steps to Open Platform to Advertisers'), (u'Speeding Up Hardware Through an Accelerator and Marketplace', u'The manufacturer that bought the once-hot ecommerce website Fab has an innovative way of developing new hardware companies. Some of the products from the hardware start-ups may soon be put into the online marketplace. The manufacturer that bought the once-hot ecommerce website Fab has an innovative way of developing new hardware companies. Some of the products from the hardware start-ups may soon be put into the online marketplace. Speeding Up Hardware Through an Accelerator and Marketplace'), (u'Vimeo Introduces Monthly Subscription Service', u'Online video platform Vimeo introduced a subscription service on Tuesday that allows creators to charge on a monthly basis. Online video platform Vimeo introduced a subscription service on Tuesday that allows creators to charge on a monthly basis.  Vimeo Introduces Monthly Subscription Service'), (u'Privacy App Maker Files EU Antitrust Complaint Against Google', u"U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's ban on its privacy app, accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position. U.S. tech firm Disconnect has filed a complaint to EU antitrust regulators against Google's ban on its privacy app, accusing the Silicon Valley giant of abusing its dominant market position.    Privacy App Maker Files EU Antitrust Complaint Against Google"), (u'Google Demands Movie Studios Comply With Subpoenas', u'Google Inc has asked a federal judge to require three major movie studios to comply with subpoenas it believes may help show they conspired with Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood as he investigated the Internet search company. Google Inc has asked a federal judge to require three major movie studios to comply with subpoenas it believes may help show they conspired with Mississippi Attorney General Jim Hood as he investigated the Internet search company. Google Demands Movie Studios Comply With Subpoenas'), (u'Internet of Things Market to Triple to $1.7 Trillion by 2020: IDC', u'The global market for "Internet of Things", the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet, will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020, research firm International Data Corp said. The global market for "Internet of Things", the concept of connecting household devices to the Internet, will nearly triple to $1.7 trillion by 2020, research firm International Data Corp said. Internet of Things Market to Triple to $1.7 Trillion by 2020: IDC'), (u'Daily Report: Rising Cost of Chips Spur Semiconductor Mergers', u'The deal would be the latest in a wave of consolidation as chip makers look to increase their scale and product offerings. The deal would be the latest in a wave of consolidation as chip makers look to increase their scale and product offerings. Daily Report: Rising Cost of Chips Spur Semiconductor Mergers'), (u"Apple's Siri Has New Role in New 'Smart' Home Systems", u"Hey Siri, turn off the kitchen light. Hey Siri, turn off the kitchen light. Apple's Siri Has New Role in New 'Smart' Home Systems"), (u"Samsung Elec's Galaxy S6 April Sales Suggest Good Start: Researcher", u"Sales of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones reached 6 million units at the end of April, less than a month after their launch, researcher Counterpoint said on Tuesday, suggesting a positive start. Sales of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's flagship Galaxy S6 smartphones reached 6 million units at the end of April, less than a month after their launch, researcher Counterpoint said on Tuesday, suggesting a positive start.  Samsung Elec's Galaxy S6 April Sales Suggest Good Start: Researcher"), (u'Customer Satisfaction With TV, Internet and Phone Service at 7-Year Low, Study Finds', u'Americans have long expressed dissatisfaction with their cable and Internet service. This year, they seem to have grown even more dissatisfied. Americans have long expressed dissatisfaction with their cable and Internet service. This year, they seem to have grown even more dissatisfied. Customer Satisfaction With TV, Internet and Phone Service at 7-Year Low, Study Finds'), (u'Ellen Pao Files Notice of Appeal in Silicon Valley Bias Suit', u'Ms. Pao, who lost a gender-bias lawsuit against an elite venture capital firm, made the procedural move in San Francisco Superior Court. Ms. Pao, who lost a gender-bias lawsuit against an elite venture capital firm, made the procedural move in San Francisco Superior Court. Ellen Pao files notice of appeal for gender-bias lawsuit in which her former employer Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers was cleared of discriminating against her because she was a woman. Ellen Pao Files Notice of Appeal in Silicon Valley Bias Suit'), (u'2 Cisco Presidents Will Leave in a Restructuring', u'Two Cisco Systems presidents are leaving the company as Chuck Robbins takes over as chief executive and moves to a \u201cflatter\u201d leadership team. Two Cisco Systems presidents are leaving the company as Chuck Robbins takes over as chief executive and moves to a \u201cflatter\u201d leadership team. 2 Cisco Presidents Will Leave in a Restructuring'), (u'Ellen Pao Will Appeal Gender Discrimination Case Against Kleiner', u'Former Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers partner Ellen Pao will appeal the result of a gender discrimination she brought against the powerful Silicon Valley venture capital firm, according to a court document filed on Monday. Former Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers partner Ellen Pao will appeal the result of a gender discrimination she brought against the powerful Silicon Valley venture capital firm, according to a court document filed on Monday.  Ellen Pao Will Appeal Gender Discrimination Case Against Kleiner'), (u"3M's New Technology Chief Has a Bigger Budget, Bigger Goal", u"At a time when many companies are investing a smaller portion of revenues in research and development, 3M Co has given Chief Technology Officer Ashish Khandpur more to spend, and he is aiming at bigger targets. At a time when many companies are investing a smaller portion of revenues in research and development, 3M Co has given Chief Technology Officer Ashish Khandpur more to spend, and he is aiming at bigger targets. 3M's New Technology Chief Has a Bigger Budget, Bigger Goal"), (u'Companies in Cathode Ray Tube Price Fixing Lawsuit Reach $528 Million Deal', u'Five companies including Samsung SDI Co Ltd and Koninklijke Philips agreed to pay a total of $528 million to resolve a class action lawsuit alleging price fixing in the market for cathode ray tubes, according to a court filing. Five companies including Samsung SDI Co Ltd and Koninklijke Philips agreed to pay a total of $528 million to resolve a class action lawsuit alleging price fixing in the market for cathode ray tubes, according to a court filing.  Companies in Cathode Ray Tube Price Fixing Lawsuit Reach $528 Million Deal'), (u'NetApp CEO Tom Georgens Steps Down', u'Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc said Tom Georgens had stepped down as chairman and chief executive. Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc said Tom Georgens had stepped down as chairman and chief executive. NetApp CEO Tom Georgens Steps Down'), (u'Microsoft Sets Date for Windows 10', u'Microsoft has finally said when Windows 10, one of its biggest products in years, will be available: July 29. Microsoft has finally said when Windows 10, one of its biggest products in years, will be available: July 29. Microsoft Sets Date for Windows 10'), (u'CA Inc Names Xbox Co-Founder as Tech Chief', u"Business software maker CA Inc appointed Otto Berkes, one of the four founders of Microsoft Corp's Xbox console, as chief technology officer. Business software maker CA Inc appointed Otto Berkes, one of the four founders of Microsoft Corp's Xbox console, as chief technology officer. CA Inc Names Xbox Co-Founder as Tech Chief"), (u'Cheap 3D Printed Robotic Arm Controlled by the Mind', u'By Joel Flynn By Joel Flynn Cheap 3D Printed Robotic Arm Controlled by the Mind'), (u'Wearable Device Provides Continuous Fetal Monitoring', u'Israeli medical experts have developed a wearable mobile monitor to keep a close watch on pregnant women and their fetuses as they go about their everyday lives. Israeli medical experts have developed a wearable mobile monitor to keep a close watch on pregnant women and their fetuses as they go about their everyday lives. Wearable Device Provides Continuous Fetal Monitoring'), (u'Daily Report: Intel Agrees to Buy Altera for $16.7 Billion', u'The deal would be the latest in a wave of consolidation as chip makers look to increase their scale and product offerings. The deal would be the latest in a wave of consolidation as chip makers look to increase their scale and product offerings. Daily Report: Intel Agrees to Buy Altera for $16.7 Billion'), (u"BlackBerry Settles Patent Dispute With Seacrest's Company Typo", u"BlackBerry Ltd and television host Ryan Seacrest's keyboard company Typo Products have agreed to settle a patent dispute over the sale of smartphone keyboards of a certain size, the Canadian smartphone maker said on Monday. BlackBerry Ltd and television host Ryan Seacrest's keyboard company Typo Products have agreed to settle a patent dispute over the sale of smartphone keyboards of a certain size, the Canadian smartphone maker said on Monday. BlackBerry Settles Patent Dispute With Seacrest's Company Typo"), (u"Japan's Softbank Increases Controlling Stake in Finnish 'Clash of Clans' Maker", u"Japan's SoftBank Corp said on Monday it has increased its controlling stake in Supercell, the Finnish mobile games maker best-known for its hit title 'Clash of Clans'. Japan's SoftBank Corp said on Monday it has increased its controlling stake in Supercell, the Finnish mobile games maker best-known for its hit title 'Clash of Clans'. Japan's Softbank Increases Controlling Stake in Finnish 'Clash of Clans' Maker"), (u'Nokia Launches Localised Datacenter Service for Telecoms Firms', u'Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday, enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon and Google in providing internet services. Finnish telecoms equipment maker Nokia launched a new localised datacenter service for mobile network operators on Monday, enabling the operators to better compete with the likes of Amazon and Google in providing internet services. Nokia Launches Localised Datacenter Service for Telecoms Firms'), (u'Google Increases User Privacy Controls', u'Google increased privacy controls for users and rolled out a website on Monday that answers frequently asked questions in response to increasing concern over how the search giant collects and uses its massive amounts of data. Google increased privacy controls for users and rolled out a website on Monday that answers frequently asked questions in response to increasing concern over how the search giant collects and uses its massive amounts of data.  Google Increases User Privacy Controls'), (u'Microsoft Says Windows 10 Available on July 29', u'Microsoft Corp said on Monday its new Windows 10 operating system will be available worldwide on July 29, as a free upgrade for users of the most recent versions of Windows. Microsoft Corp said on Monday its new Windows 10 operating system will be available worldwide on July 29, as a free upgrade for users of the most recent versions of Windows. Microsoft Says Windows 10 Available on July 29'), (u'Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked', u"Japan's pension system has been hacked and more than a million cases of personal data leaked, authorities said on Monday, in an embarrassment that revived memories of a scandal that helped topple Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in his first term in office. Japan's pension system has been hacked and more than a million cases of personal data leaked, authorities said on Monday, in an embarrassment that revived memories of a scandal that helped topple Prime Minister Shinzo Abe in his first term in office.     Japan Pension System Hacked, 1.25 Million Cases of Personal Data Leaked"), (u'Senate Lets NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now', u"The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data expired at midnight on Sunday after the Senate failed to pass legislation extending their powers. The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data expired at midnight on Sunday after the Senate failed to pass legislation extending their powers. Senate Lets NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now"), (u'The Chip Industry Consolidates', u'Recent months have seen a flurry of deals in the semiconductor sector, a business that has become prohibitively expensive for all but the biggest players. Recent months have seen a flurry of deals in the semiconductor sector, a business that has become prohibitively expensive for all but the biggest players. The Chip Industry Consolidates'), (u'Motorola\u2019s Antitrust Lawsuit May Head to Top Court', u'Years after the mobile device company was a corporate victim of a price-fixing scheme, the Supreme Court might take up the case. Years after the mobile device company was a corporate victim of a price-fixing scheme, the Supreme Court might take up the case. Supreme Court is expected to make decision on whether to hear anti-trust case filed against Taiwanese company AU Optronics by Motorola Mobility over price-fixing scheme carried out by cartel of Asian electronics makers; case has drawn attention to difficulties of using now-dated antitrust laws to regulate global corporations. Motorola\u2019s Antitrust Lawsuit May Head to Top Court'), (u"China's 'Internet Police' Open a Window on Web Censorship", u'The branch of China\'s police in charge of censoring "illegal and harmful" online information will make its efforts more visible to the public from Monday with the launch of their own social media accounts, the Ministry of Public Security said. The branch of China\'s police in charge of censoring "illegal and harmful" online information will make its efforts more visible to the public from Monday with the launch of their own social media accounts, the Ministry of Public Security said. China\'s \'Internet Police\' Open a Window on Web Censorship'), (u'Boehner Urges U.S. Senate to Pass Surveillance Reform Bill', u'The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives urged the U.S. Senate on Sunday to pass the USA Freedom Act, a bill that reforms an expiring domestic surveillance program, and do so "expeditiously." The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives urged the U.S. Senate on Sunday to pass the USA Freedom Act, a bill that reforms an expiring domestic surveillance program, and do so "expeditiously." Boehner Urges U.S. Senate to Pass Surveillance Reform Bill'), (u'Senate to Let NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now', u"The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data was set to expire at midnight on Sunday after the U.S. Senate failed to pass legislation extending the powers. The legal authority for U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' phone records and other data was set to expire at midnight on Sunday after the U.S. Senate failed to pass legislation extending the powers. Senate to Let NSA Spy Program Lapse, at Least for Now"), (u'A $100,000 Check Awaits Mystery Recycler of Rare Apple 1 Computer', u'A $100,000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm. A $100,000 check is waiting for a mystery woman who donated a rare Apple 1 computer to a Silicon Valley recycling firm. A $100,000 Check Awaits Mystery Recycler of Rare Apple 1 Computer'), (u'The World&#8217;s Coming Broadband Divide', u'Ultrafast Internet access is spreading unevenly throughout the world. And not getting that kind of broadband access could mean some communities miss out on significant economic opportunity. Ultrafast Internet access is spreading unevenly throughout the world. And not getting that kind of broadband access could mean some communities miss out on significant economic opportunity. The World&#8217;s Coming Broadband Divide'), (u'Windshield Devices Bring Distracted Driving Debate to Eye Level  ', u"Head-up displays like Navdy\u2019s claim to reduce risk by projecting information from a smartphone into a driver\u2019s line of vision, but some experts worry the additional stimulus will be too distracting. Head-up displays like Navdy\u2019s claim to reduce risk by projecting information from a smartphone into a driver\u2019s line of vision, but some experts worry the additional stimulus will be too distracting. Navdy is among handful of companies bringing head-up display technology to automobiles, but questions remain about safety; technology allows transparent images like maps and text messages to hover above a car's dashboard, freeing drivers from smartphone use, but potentially exposing them to added distraction. Windshield Devices Bring Distracted Driving Debate to Eye Level  "), (u'U.S. to Bring Japan Under Its Cyber Defense Umbrella', u'The United States will extend its cyber defense umbrella over Japan, helping its Asian ally cope with the growing threat of online attacks against military bases and infrastructure such as power grids, the two nations said in a joint statement on... The United States will extend its cyber defense umbrella over Japan, helping its Asian ally cope with the growing threat of online attacks against military bases and infrastructure such as power grids, the two nations said in a joint statement on Saturday.  U.S. to Bring Japan Under Its Cyber Defense Umbrella'), (u'Rollback of U.S. Spy Powers Would Mark Post-9/11 Watershed', u"At 3:59 p.m. EDT on Sunday, the National Security Agency and telecommunications companies will begin mothballing a once-secret system that collected Americans' bulk telephone records, shutting down computers and sealing off warehouses of digital... At 3:59 p.m. EDT on Sunday, the National Security Agency and telecommunications companies will begin mothballing a once-secret system that collected Americans' bulk telephone records, shutting down computers and sealing off warehouses of digital data. Rollback of U.S. Spy Powers Would Mark Post-9/11 Watershed"), (u'Downloading Mac App Updated Automatically', u'The Mac can install any updates it finds when it checks in daily with Apple\u2019s servers. The Mac can install any updates it finds when it checks in daily with Apple\u2019s servers. Downloading Mac App Updated Automatically'), (u'Cypress Ups ISSI Buyout Offer to $20.25 Per Share, Beats Uphill Deal', u"Cypress Semiconductor Corp raised its offer to buy Integrated Silicon Solution Inc to $20.25 per share, beating Uphill Investment Co's increased offer made earlier on Friday. Cypress Semiconductor Corp raised its offer to buy Integrated Silicon Solution Inc to $20.25 per share, beating Uphill Investment Co's increased offer made earlier on Friday.  Cypress Ups ISSI Buyout Offer to $20.25 Per Share, Beats Uphill Deal"), (u'Google Wants to Turn Your Clothes Into a Computer', u'A little-known research group inside the search giant is working on ways to allow textiles to respond to touch and send information and is teaming up with Levi Strauss to explore the technology. A little-known research group inside the search giant is working on ways to allow textiles to respond to touch and send information and is teaming up with Levi Strauss to explore the technology. Google Wants to Turn Your Clothes Into a Computer'), (u'TCV Seeks to Sell Stake in Marketing Firm Merkle: Sources', u'Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV) is exploring a sale of its minority stake in Merkle Inc, in a deal that could value the fast-growing marketing technology company at more than $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. Technology Crossover Ventures (TCV) is exploring a sale of its minority stake in Merkle Inc, in a deal that could value the fast-growing marketing technology company at more than $1 billion, according to people familiar with the matter. TCV Seeks to Sell Stake in Marketing Firm Merkle: Sources'), (u'Airbus Group Starts $150 Million Venture Fund, Silicon Valley Base', u'Airbus Group announced the creation of a $150 million venture capital fund and said it had hired a Google executive to run a new center in Silicon Valley as it seeks to wave a digital wand over its heavy-manufacturing culture. Airbus Group announced the creation of a $150 million venture capital fund and said it had hired a Google executive to run a new center in Silicon Valley as it seeks to wave a digital wand over its heavy-manufacturing culture. Airbus Group Starts $150 Million Venture Fund, Silicon Valley Base'), (u'Exclusive: U.S. Tried Stuxnet-Style Campaign Against North Korea but Failed-Sources', u"The United States tried to deploy a version of the Stuxnet computer virus to attack North Korea's nuclear weapons program five years ago but ultimately failed, according to people familiar with the covert campaign. The United States tried to deploy a version of the Stuxnet computer virus to attack North Korea's nuclear weapons program five years ago but ultimately failed, according to people familiar with the covert campaign. Exclusive: U.S. Tried Stuxnet-Style Campaign Against North Korea but Failed-Sources"), (u'Vodafone, Wind Sign Letter of Intent for Italy Fiber-Optic Network', u"Britain's Vodafone and Vimpelcom's Italian mobile phone unit Wind have signed a letter of intent with shareholders of broadband firm Metroweb to build a fiber-optic network in Italy, the companies said in a joint statement. Britain's Vodafone and Vimpelcom's Italian mobile phone unit Wind have signed a letter of intent with shareholders of broadband firm Metroweb to build a fiber-optic network in Italy, the companies said in a joint statement. Vodafone, Wind Sign Letter of Intent for Italy Fiber-Optic Network"), (u'Exclusive: FCC Leans Against New Limits for Verizon, AT&T in 2016 U.S. Auction', u'U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile US Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the matter. U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile US Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the matter. Exclusive: FCC Leans Against New Limits for Verizon, AT&T in 2016 U.S. Auction'), (u'Apple Buys German Augmented-Reality Software Maker Metaio', u'Apple Inc has acquired Metaio, a German company whose technology melds real-world imagery and computer-generated elements into moving video presentations, according to a corporate filing. Apple Inc has acquired Metaio, a German company whose technology melds real-world imagery and computer-generated elements into moving video presentations, according to a corporate filing.  Apple Buys German Augmented-Reality Software Maker Metaio'), (u'Daily Report: Google Intensifies Push Into Virtual Reality', u'The search giant is introducing several initiatives to highlight its inexpensive virtual reality viewer, including a partnership with GoPro and plans to post VR videos on YouTube. The search giant is introducing several initiatives to highlight its inexpensive virtual reality viewer, including a partnership with GoPro and plans to post VR videos on YouTube. Daily Report: Google Intensifies Push Into Virtual Reality'), (u'Sany Says Diversifying Into Smartphones, as Machinery Demand Slips', u'Chinese construction machinery maker Sany Group, which has been impacted by a sustained market slowdown, said it is venturing into smartphones, as part of a plan to diversify away from heavy machinery. Chinese construction machinery maker Sany Group, which has been impacted by a sustained market slowdown, said it is venturing into smartphones, as part of a plan to diversify away from heavy machinery. Sany Says Diversifying Into Smartphones, as Machinery Demand Slips'), (u'Toshiba Says Accounting Probe to Take Until Mid-July', u'Toshiba Corp will file its annual report up to two months later than usual as an ongoing independent investigation into accounting irregularities will likely last until mid-July, the Japanese conglomerate said on Friday. Toshiba Corp will file its annual report up to two months later than usual as an ongoing independent investigation into accounting irregularities will likely last until mid-July, the Japanese conglomerate said on Friday.  Toshiba Says Accounting Probe to Take Until Mid-July'), (u'Fingerprint Cards Shares at Record After Google Tie-Up', u'Swedish fingerprint sensor firm Fingerprint Cards said it had cooperated with Google on fingerprint recognition in the new Android software platform, as the U.S. software group looks to boost the use of fingerprint sensors on mobile phones. Swedish fingerprint sensor firm Fingerprint Cards said it had cooperated with Google on fingerprint recognition in the new Android software platform, as the U.S. software group looks to boost the use of fingerprint sensors on mobile phones. Fingerprint Cards Shares at Record After Google Tie-Up'), (u'Equinix to Buy TelecityGroup for $3.6 Billion, Interxion Deal Ended', u"U.S. data center company Equinix Inc said on Friday it would buy British peer TelecityGroup in a deal worth 2.35 billion pounds ($3.6 billion) that would also end  Telecity's pursuit of a smaller European rival. U.S. data center company Equinix Inc said on Friday it would buy British peer TelecityGroup in a deal worth 2.35 billion pounds ($3.6 billion) that would also end  Telecity's pursuit of a smaller European rival. Equinix to Buy TelecityGroup for $3.6 Billion, Interxion Deal Ended"), (u'Vivendi to Book 4.2 Billion Euro Pre-Tax Gain on GVT Sale', u'French media group Vivendi said on Friday it would book a 4.2 billion euro ($4.6 billion) pre-tax gain from the sale of Brazilian telecommunications company GVT, which would help it pay interim dividends. French media group Vivendi said on Friday it would book a 4.2 billion euro ($4.6 billion) pre-tax gain from the sale of Brazilian telecommunications company GVT, which would help it pay interim dividends. Vivendi to Book 4.2 Billion Euro Pre-Tax Gain on GVT Sale'), (u'Creator of Silk Road Website Faces Sentencing for Drug Scheme', u'The accused mastermind behind the Silk Road underground website was sentenced on Friday to life in prison for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin. The accused mastermind behind the Silk Road underground website was sentenced on Friday to life in prison for orchestrating a scheme that enabled more than $200 million of anonymous online drug sales using the digital currency bitcoin. Creator of Silk Road Website Faces Sentencing for Drug Scheme'), (u'Google Intensifies Focus on Its Cardboard Virtual Reality Device', u"The search giant is introducing several initiatives to highlight its inexpensive virtual reality viewer, including a partnership with GoPro and plans to post VR videos on YouTube. The search giant is introducing several initiatives to highlight its inexpensive virtual reality viewer, including a partnership with GoPro and plans to post VR videos on YouTube. Google uses its I/O developer conference to unveil several initiatives related to its 'Cardboard' virtual reality viewer, with aim of tying several Google services like Youtube and Maps into the virtual interface; announcements include partnership with GoPro to develop marketable version of its virtual reality recorder. Google Intensifies Focus on Its Cardboard Virtual Reality Device"), (u'Daum Kakao Buys Path Assets for Indonesia Growth, Stock Soars', u'South Korean messaging app operator Daum Kakao Corp said it has acquired social networking assets from U.S.-based Path Inc, giving it a strong presence in Indonesia and sending its shares surging 10 percent on its push to expand globally. South Korean messaging app operator Daum Kakao Corp said it has acquired social networking assets from U.S.-based Path Inc, giving it a strong presence in Indonesia and sending its shares surging 10 percent on its push to expand globally. Daum Kakao Buys Path Assets for Indonesia Growth, Stock Soars'), (u'Avago, Broadcom Deal Could Put Pressure on Qualcomm', u"Avago Technologies Ltd's $37 billion deal to buy chipmaker Broadcom  Corp creates new competitive challenges for Qualcomm and may force the world's largest mobile chip maker to radically rethink its own strategy. Avago Technologies Ltd's $37 billion deal to buy chipmaker Broadcom  Corp creates new competitive challenges for Qualcomm and may force the world's largest mobile chip maker to radically rethink its own strategy. Avago, Broadcom Deal Could Put Pressure on Qualcomm"), (u'Apple Buys a Maker of Futuristic Augmented-Reality Software', u'Apple has bought a company that makes augmented-reality software, which adds information or images to real-world scenes when viewed through a special headset or even a smartphone camera. Apple has bought a company that makes augmented-reality software, which adds information or images to real-world scenes when viewed through a special headset or even a smartphone camera. Apple Buys a Maker of Futuristic Augmented-Reality Software'), (u'Exclusive: Equinix Nears Deal for Telecity-Sources', u'U.S. data center company Equinix Inc is nearing a deal to acquire British peer Telecity Group Plc, according to people familiar with the matter, in a tie-up that would create the largest data center player in Europe. U.S. data center company Equinix Inc is nearing a deal to acquire British peer Telecity Group Plc, according to people familiar with the matter, in a tie-up that would create the largest data center player in Europe.  Exclusive: Equinix Nears Deal for Telecity-Sources'), (u"Sally Beauty Says Some Payment Cards 'at Risk' in Security Breach", u"Sally Beauty Holdings Inc confirmed that criminals used malware at some of its point-of-sale systems between March 6 and April 17. Sally Beauty Holdings Inc confirmed that criminals used malware at some of its point-of-sale systems between March 6 and April 17. Sally Beauty Says Some Payment Cards 'at Risk' in Security Breach"), (u"After Security Scandal, a Tech Firm Says It's Changing Focus", u"A Silicon Valley startup says it's shutting down operations and shifting to a new business model after it was blamed earlier this year for turning unwitting computer users into targets for annoying web ads &#8212; and hackers. A Silicon Valley startup says it's shutting down operations and shifting to a new business model after it was blamed earlier this year for turning unwitting computer users into targets for annoying web ads &#8212; and hackers. After Security Scandal, a Tech Firm Says It's Changing Focus"), (u'GameStop Profit Beats on Higher Sales of Mortal Kombat X', u'GameStop Corp, the world\'s largest retailer of video game products, reported better-than-expected profit and revenue, helped by strong sales of new releases such as "Mortal Kombat X" and "Evolve" and an increase in mobile game downloads. GameStop Corp, the world\'s largest retailer of video game products, reported better-than-expected profit and revenue, helped by strong sales of new releases such as "Mortal Kombat X" and "Evolve" and an increase in mobile game downloads.  GameStop Profit Beats on Higher Sales of Mortal Kombat X'), (u'A Primer on Android Pay and Google Wallet', u'Here is how Google\u2019s new mobile payments products \u2014 Android Pay and Google Wallet \u2014 are set to work. Here is how Google\u2019s new mobile payments products \u2014 Android Pay and Google Wallet \u2014 are set to work. A Primer on Android Pay and Google Wallet'), (u'Google Shows Off Virtual Reality Collaboration With GoPro', u'Action camera maker GoPro Inc and Google Inc introduced a virtual reality system using 16 cameras and Google software, sending GoPro shares up nearly 7 percent on Thursday. Action camera maker GoPro Inc and Google Inc introduced a virtual reality system using 16 cameras and Google software, sending GoPro shares up nearly 7 percent on Thursday.  Google Shows Off Virtual Reality Collaboration With GoPro'), (u'Exclusive: FCC Poised to Side With Verizon, AT&T in Airwaves Spat', u'U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile U.S. Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the... U.S. telecoms regulators are leaning toward rejecting a T-Mobile U.S. Inc request that more airwaves be set aside for smaller wireless companies like itself to bid on during a government auction next year, according to people familiar with the matter. Exclusive: FCC Poised to Side With Verizon, AT&T in Airwaves Spat'), (u'U.S. FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor', u'The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access. The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access. U.S. FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor'), (u'Dozens of Cell Phone Towers in Kashmir Shut Down After Attacks', u'Dozens of communications towers have been shut down in an area of Indian-administered Kashmir after a string of attacks and threats by militants, who say cell phone services are being used to target their members. Dozens of communications towers have been shut down in an area of Indian-administered Kashmir after a string of attacks and threats by militants, who say cell phone services are being used to target their members. Dozens of Cell Phone Towers in Kashmir Shut Down After Attacks'), (u'Apple Fails to Disqualify Antitrust Monitor in e-Books Case', u"A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices. A federal appeals court on Thursday rejected Apple Inc's bid to disqualify an antitrust compliance monitor appointed after the technology company was found liable for conspiring with five publishers to raise e-book prices. Apple Fails to Disqualify Antitrust Monitor in e-Books Case"), (u'Daily Report: As Mobile Payments Rise, Apple and Google Prepare Their Moves', u'Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app at its annual developer\u2019s conference, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay. Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app at its annual developer\u2019s conference, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay. Daily Report: As Mobile Payments Rise, Apple and Google Prepare Their Moves'), (u"China's Huawei Sees Strong Smartphone Growth in Southeast Asia", u"China's Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL], the world's No. 2 telecom equipment maker, expects total shipments of smartphones in southeast Asia to rise 160 percent to 8 million units in 2015, boosted by strong demand in Myanmar, it said on Thursday. China's Huawei Technologies [HWT.UL], the world's No. 2 telecom equipment maker, expects total shipments of smartphones in southeast Asia to rise 160 percent to 8 million units in 2015, boosted by strong demand in Myanmar, it said on Thursday.  China's Huawei Sees Strong Smartphone Growth in Southeast Asia"), (u'Amazon Offers Limited Free Shipping on Same-Day Delivery Orders', u'Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will offer limited free same-day delivery under its Prime shipping service as retailers try to outdo each other on delivery deals, and expanded the service to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area. Amazon.com Inc said on Thursday it will offer limited free same-day delivery under its Prime shipping service as retailers try to outdo each other on delivery deals, and expanded the service to San Diego and the Tampa Bay Area. Amazon Offers Limited Free Shipping on Same-Day Delivery Orders'), (u'FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor', u'The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access. The top U.S. communications regulator on Thursday revealed a plan to expand a government phone subsidy program for low-income Americans to begin covering broadband Internet access. FCC Looks to Subsidize Internet Access for Poor'), (u"Insight-All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny", u"Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean. Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean. Insight-All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny"), (u'F.C.C. Chief Seeks Broadband Plan to Aid the Poor', u"The plan will suggest sweeping changes to a $1.7 billion subsidy program charged with ensuring all Americans have affordable access to advanced telecommunications services. The plan will suggest sweeping changes to a $1.7 billion subsidy program charged with ensuring all Americans have affordable access to advanced telecommunications services. Federal Communications Commission Chairman Tom Wheeler offers sweeping proposal that would subsidize poor people's access to broadband Internet; plan, likely to set off fierce debate in Congress, would modify $1.7 billion subsidy program that ensures affordable access to advanced telecommunications services, and marks FCC's strongest recognition yet that Internet access is essential to economic well-being. F.C.C. Chief Seeks Broadband Plan to Aid the Poor"), (u'Google and Apple Adjust Strategies on Mobile Payments', u'Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay. Google is set to unveil a payments initiative for merchants and a refashioned consumer app, while its rival reportedly plans a rewards program for Apple Pay. Tech giants Apple and Google are each forging ahead full steam with mobile pay initiatives; Apple is poised to announce a rewards program for its mobile wallet service Apple Pay, while Google is expected to unveil its retooled mobile payment products. Google and Apple Adjust Strategies on Mobile Payments'), (u'Five Steps to Secure Your Data After I.R.S. Breach', u'Security experts say personal information is already available to those ready to pay for it, but there are ways to discourage online thievery. Security experts say personal information is already available to those ready to pay for it, but there are ways to discourage online thievery. Internal Revenue Service data breach underscores ever-growing threat posed by hackers; tips are suggested to help consumers stave off identity theft. Five Steps to Secure Your Data After I.R.S. Breach'), (u'Keeping Your Classic Tech Devices Running', u'From house calls to mail-in service, there is a repair option out there for your cherished but obsolete gadgets. From house calls to mail-in service, there is a repair option out there for your cherished but obsolete gadgets. Gadgetwise column highlights work of tech mechanics who tinker with outdated devices to keep them functioning for people who are averse to upgrading their gadgets. Keeping Your Classic Tech Devices Running'), (u'Hiding Smartphone Photo Location Information', u'Guard your privacy when you post your photos online by turning off location services for your smartphone\u2019s camera app. Guard your privacy when you post your photos online by turning off location services for your smartphone\u2019s camera app. Personal Tech Q&A on mapping photos on smartphones; restoring YouTube app on Smart TV; Tip of the Week gives suggestions for getting 3-D views in Google Maps. Hiding Smartphone Photo Location Information'), (u'Video Feature: Apps That Bring Science to Life', u'Learning about physics and chemistry is often not easy, but through interactivity and other methods, technology can help simplify some concepts. Learning about physics and chemistry is often not easy, but through interactivity and other methods, technology can help simplify some concepts. Kit Eaton App Smart column features mobile applications geared toward better understanding of science. Video Feature: Apps That Bring Science to Life'), (u'A Murky Road Ahead for Android, Despite Market Dominance', u"Android is the most popular operating system in the world by far, but it is under siege by low-end upstarts and fares poorly versus Apple\u2019s iOS in ad revenue. Android is the most popular operating system in the world by far, but it is under siege by low-end upstarts and fares poorly versus Apple\u2019s iOS in ad revenue. Farhad Manjoo State of The Art column; Google's Android mobile operating system is by far the world's most popular, but it is poorly monetized and faces challenges from mobile upstarts; in terms of ad revenue, Android pales in comparison to Apple's iOS mobile platform. A Murky Road Ahead for Android, Despite Market Dominance"), (u'Periscope, Media Companies Talking About Anti-Piracy Tech', u'Live streaming-video app Periscope and media companies are discussing how to address piracy on the new service, but Periscope says technological fixes many programmers want are difficult to do in real time. Live streaming-video app Periscope and media companies are discussing how to address piracy on the new service, but Periscope says technological fixes many programmers want are difficult to do in real time. Periscope, Media Companies Talking About Anti-Piracy Tech'), (u'Nielsen to Measure Digital Ads in Partnership With Tencent', u"Nielsen NV announced on Wednesday that it is partnering with Tencent Holdings Ltd to measure its digital audience in a move that could direct more ad dollars from companies in the United States to China's biggest social network. Nielsen NV announced on Wednesday that it is partnering with Tencent Holdings Ltd to measure its digital audience in a move that could direct more ad dollars from companies in the United States to China's biggest social network. Nielsen to Measure Digital Ads in Partnership With Tencent"), (u"All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny", u"Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean. Nearly a year after embarking on a multi-million dollar quest to solve one of aviation's greatest unsolved mysteries, authorities and search teams are being criticised over their approach to finding Flight MH370 in the remote southern Indian Ocean. All at Sea: Australia's Search for MH370 Under Scrutiny"), (u'Wearable Fitness Tracker Maker Fitbit Sued by Rival Jawbone', u'Wearable fitness tracking device maker Fitbit Inc is being sued by rival Jawbone, which accused Fitbit of "plundering" confidential data, the New York Times reported. Wearable fitness tracking device maker Fitbit Inc is being sued by rival Jawbone, which accused Fitbit of "plundering" confidential data, the New York Times reported. Wearable Fitness Tracker Maker Fitbit Sued by Rival Jawbone'), (u'Software Glitch Can Cause iPhones to Crash', u"A newly-discovered glitch in Apple's software can cause iPhones to mysteriously shut down when they receive a certain text message. A newly-discovered glitch in Apple's software can cause iPhones to mysteriously shut down when they receive a certain text message. Software Glitch Can Cause iPhones to Crash"), (u'FCC Looks to Crack Down on Robocalls, Robotexts', u'The top U.S. telecommunications regulator wants to make it harder for telemarketers and other businesses to place unwanted robocalls and text messages under changes to autodialing rules proposed on Wednesday. The top U.S. telecommunications regulator wants to make it harder for telemarketers and other businesses to place unwanted robocalls and text messages under changes to autodialing rules proposed on Wednesday. FCC Looks to Crack Down on Robocalls, Robotexts'), (u'Avago Nears Deal for Fellow Chipmaker Broadcom: Sources', u'Chipmaker Broadcom Corp is in talks to be bought by Avago Technologies Ltd, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday. Chipmaker Broadcom Corp is in talks to be bought by Avago Technologies Ltd, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday. Avago Nears Deal for Fellow Chipmaker Broadcom: Sources'), (u"Apple SVP Says Car Is 'Ultimate Mobile Device'", u'A senior Apple executive said developing a car would be the "ultimate mobile device" when asked about new products at a technology conference on Wednesday. A senior Apple executive said developing a car would be the "ultimate mobile device" when asked about new products at a technology conference on Wednesday.  Apple SVP Says Car Is \'Ultimate Mobile Device\''), (u'U.S. Safety Agency Urges Pilots to Avoid Distracted Flying', u'U.S. safety officials on Wednesday reminded pilots to look out for other planes and make their own aircraft known during flights, saying air collisions can occur if pilots are distracted by cell phones, tablets or other wireless devices. U.S. safety officials on Wednesday reminded pilots to look out for other planes and make their own aircraft known during flights, saying air collisions can occur if pilots are distracted by cell phones, tablets or other wireless devices.  U.S. Safety Agency Urges Pilots to Avoid Distracted Flying'), (u'Apple Finds Bug That Causes iPhones to Crash', u'Apple Inc has found a bug which can cause iPhones to crash when a message containing a specific string of text is received. Apple Inc has found a bug which can cause iPhones to crash when a message containing a specific string of text is received. Apple Finds Bug That Causes iPhones to Crash'), (u"Judge Sets Release Schedule for Clinton's State Department Emails", u"U.S. District Judge Rudolph Contreras on Wednesday set a schedule for the State Department to release former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails in monthly batches beginning on June 30 and ending in late January. U.S. District Judge Rudolph Contreras on Wednesday set a schedule for the State Department to release former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails in monthly batches beginning on June 30 and ending in late January. Judge Sets Release Schedule for Clinton's State Department Emails"), (u"For London's Fashion Start-Ups, It's Being Social That Counts", u"When Chris Morton was setting up a fashion e-commerce company five years ago, he spent a lot of time listening to online music service Spotify. When Chris Morton was setting up a fashion e-commerce company five years ago, he spent a lot of time listening to online music service Spotify.  For London's Fashion Start-Ups, It's Being Social That Counts"), (u'App Smart | Science Lessons', u'Three apps that use videos and interactive features to help explain the principles of physics, chemistry and other scientific disciplines. Three apps that use videos and interactive features to help explain the principles of physics, chemistry and other scientific disciplines. App Smart | Science Lessons'), (u'Yahoo Must Face Email Spying Class Action: U.S. Judge', u'A U.S. judge ordered Yahoo Inc to face a nationwide class-action lawsuit accusing it of illegally intercepting the content of emails sent to Yahoo Mail subscribers from non-Yahoo Mail accounts, and using the information to boost advertising revenue. A U.S. judge ordered Yahoo Inc to face a nationwide class-action lawsuit accusing it of illegally intercepting the content of emails sent to Yahoo Mail subscribers from non-Yahoo Mail accounts, and using the information to boost advertising revenue. Yahoo Must Face Email Spying Class Action: U.S. Judge'), (u'DJI and Accel Partners Form Drone Investment Fund', u'The Chinese drone maker and the venture capital firm have formed an investment fund to support more drone and advanced robotics start-ups. The Chinese drone maker and the venture capital firm have formed an investment fund to support more drone and advanced robotics start-ups. DJI and Accel Partners Form Drone Investment Fund'), (u'Daily Report: After Conquering the World, Android&#8217;s Course Is Uncertain', u'Android is the most popular operating system in the world by far, but it is under siege by low-end upstarts and fares poorly versus Apple\u2019s iOS in ad revenue. Android is the most popular operating system in the world by far, but it is under siege by low-end upstarts and fares poorly versus Apple\u2019s iOS in ad revenue. Daily Report: After Conquering the World, Android&#8217;s Course Is Uncertain'), (u"Nokia's Network Arm to Buy Eden Rock Communications", u"Nokia is buying U.S. company Eden Rock Communications to boost its offering in its mainstay telecoms network equipment business, the Finnish company said on Wednesday. Nokia is buying U.S. company Eden Rock Communications to boost its offering in its mainstay telecoms network equipment business, the Finnish company said on Wednesday. Nokia's Network Arm to Buy Eden Rock Communications"), (u'Toshiba Considers Special Dividend to Make Up for No Year-End Payment: Sources', u'Japanese industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp is considering paying a special dividend to compensate investors after skipping a year-end payment due to a probe into accounting irregularities, sources familiar with the situation said. Japanese industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp is considering paying a special dividend to compensate investors after skipping a year-end payment due to a probe into accounting irregularities, sources familiar with the situation said. Toshiba Considers Special Dividend to Make Up for No Year-End Payment: Sources'), (u'Cost of Data Breaches Increasing to Average of $3.8 Million, Study Says', u'The cost of data breaches is rising for companies around the world as sophisticated thieves target valuable financial and medical records, according to a study released on Wednesday. The cost of data breaches is rising for companies around the world as sophisticated thieves target valuable financial and medical records, according to a study released on Wednesday.  Cost of Data Breaches Increasing to Average of $3.8 Million, Study Says'), (u'Xiaomi Tests Online European Market With Small Accessories', u"Xiaomi [XTC.UL], China's largest smartphone maker, is testing the European market with its online store offering fitness bands, headphones and power banks in France, Germany and the UK. Xiaomi [XTC.UL], China's largest smartphone maker, is testing the European market with its online store offering fitness bands, headphones and power banks in France, Germany and the UK. Xiaomi Tests Online European Market With Small Accessories"), (u'Orange Sees No Need for More Spanish Assets After Jazztel Buy', u'French telecoms group Orange said on Wednesday it saw no need to buy further assets in Spain following a takeover of Spanish rival Jazztel which was approved by the Spanish regulator on Tuesday. French telecoms group Orange said on Wednesday it saw no need to buy further assets in Spain following a takeover of Spanish rival Jazztel which was approved by the Spanish regulator on Tuesday. Orange Sees No Need for More Spanish Assets After Jazztel Buy'), (u"Novartis Digs Into Health Tech With Bet on 'Robotic Pill'", u"Swiss drugmaker Novartis is raising its bet on smart technology by collaborating with U.S. start-up Rani Therapeutics on a &#8220;robotic pill&#8221; for complex biotech drugs that would normally have to be given by injection. Swiss drugmaker Novartis is raising its bet on smart technology by collaborating with U.S. start-up Rani Therapeutics on a &#8220;robotic pill&#8221; for complex biotech drugs that would normally have to be given by injection.  Novartis Digs Into Health Tech With Bet on 'Robotic Pill'"), (u'Review: Online Stylists for the Shopping-Averse', u'Though my grandmother was a fashion designer, I hate buying clothes, and I still wear outfits from high school &#8212; in the last century. Though my grandmother was a fashion designer, I hate buying clothes, and I still wear outfits from high school &#8212; in the last century. Review: Online Stylists for the Shopping-Averse'), (u'Cyberattack Exposes I.R.S. Tax Returns', u"Criminals gained access to past tax returns of more than 100,000 people and used personal information to claim $50 million in fraudulent refunds, the agency said. Criminals gained access to past tax returns of more than 100,000 people and used personal information to claim $50 million in fraudulent refunds, the agency said. IRS discloses that organized criminals were able to gain access to past tax returns of more than 100,000 people and to use information to claim some $50 million in fraudulent refunds; say criminals used Social Security numbers and other personal information that was obtained elsewhere to perpetrate the fraud; opens investigation and shuts down 'Get Transcript' application that was exploited. Cyberattack Exposes I.R.S. Tax Returns"), (u'Vox Media Acquiring Tech News Website Re/code', u'Vox Media, owner of The Verge and other websites, is acquiring Revere Digital, the company that owns technology news website Re/code, according to a post on the Re/code website on Tuesday. Vox Media, owner of The Verge and other websites, is acquiring Revere Digital, the company that owns technology news website Re/code, according to a post on the Re/code website on Tuesday. Vox Media Acquiring Tech News Website Re/code'), (u'Snapchat CEO Says Company Plans to IPO, Does Not Specify When', u'Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel said on Tuesday the company plans to have an initial public offering but did not specify when that would happen. Snapchat CEO Evan Spiegel said on Tuesday the company plans to have an initial public offering but did not specify when that would happen. Snapchat CEO Says Company Plans to IPO, Does Not Specify When'), (u'Tech Blog Spinoff Re/code Is Acquired by Online Media Chain', u"Tech news blog Re/code says it's been acquired by online publishing company Vox Media, just 18 months after spinning off from its former parent, the Wall Street Journal. Tech news blog Re/code says it's been acquired by online publishing company Vox Media, just 18 months after spinning off from its former parent, the Wall Street Journal. Tech Blog Spinoff Re/code Is Acquired by Online Media Chain"), (u'Obama Administration Asks U.S. Top Court to Decline Google Copyright Appeal', u"The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry, according to a court filing. The Obama administration on Tuesday sided against Google Inc and said the U.S. Supreme Court should not hear the company's appeal in a case against Oracle Corp with wide implications for the technology industry, according to a court filing. Obama Administration Asks U.S. Top Court to Decline Google Copyright Appeal"), (u'HR Software Maker Workday Forecasts Weak Billings Growth', u'Workday Inc posted a 57 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by strong subscription growth for its web-based human resource management software. Workday Inc posted a 57 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by strong subscription growth for its web-based human resource management software. HR Software Maker Workday Forecasts Weak Billings Growth'), (u'TiVo Profit, Revenue Beat Estimates on Subscriber Growth', u"Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc's quarterly revenue rose about 7.2 percent, helped by higher subscriptions. Digital video recorder maker TiVo Inc's quarterly revenue rose about 7.2 percent, helped by higher subscriptions. TiVo Profit, Revenue Beat Estimates on Subscriber Growth"), (u'Fire Extinguished at Apple Site in Arizona-Local ABC Station', u'Firefighters fought a blaze that erupted at an Apple Inc facility in Mesa, Arizona on Tuesday, local station ABC15 reported. Firefighters fought a blaze that erupted at an Apple Inc facility in Mesa, Arizona on Tuesday, local station ABC15 reported. Fire Extinguished at Apple Site in Arizona-Local ABC Station'), (u'Security Researchers Start Effort to Protect &#8216;Smart&#8217; Cities', u'Cities around the world are spending billions to automate and computerize everything from traffic control to the power grid. But fears are growing that these networks are easy targets for attacks. Cities around the world are spending billions to automate and computerize everything from traffic control to the power grid. But fears are growing that these networks are easy targets for attacks. Security Researchers Start Effort to Protect &#8216;Smart&#8217; Cities'), (u'TrueCar Sees May Site Traffic to Reach Record 6.2 Million Unique Visitors', u'U.S. online car shopping service TrueCar Inc said it expected site traffic to reach record high levels in May, helped by a spike in visitors during the Memorial Day weekend. U.S. online car shopping service TrueCar Inc said it expected site traffic to reach record high levels in May, helped by a spike in visitors during the Memorial Day weekend. TrueCar Sees May Site Traffic to Reach Record 6.2 Million Unique Visitors'), (u'Two Apple Designers Step Up as Jony Ive Becomes Chief Design Officer', u'Apple is boosting the profile of two designers, Richard Howarth and Alan Dye, under longtime design head Jony Ive, who gains the new title of chief design officer. Apple is boosting the profile of two designers, Richard Howarth and Alan Dye, under longtime design head Jony Ive, who gains the new title of chief design officer. Two Apple Designers Step Up as Jony Ive Becomes Chief Design Officer'), (u'U.S. Top Court Rules Against Cisco Systems in Patent Infringement Fight', u'The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled against Cisco Systems Inc over a $64 million patent infringement verdict the tech giant is fighting. The U.S. Supreme Court on Tuesday ruled against Cisco Systems Inc over a $64 million patent infringement verdict the tech giant is fighting. U.S. Top Court Rules Against Cisco Systems in Patent Infringement Fight'), (u'EMC to Buy Virtustream for $1.2 Billion to Expand Cloud Offerings', u'Data storage products maker EMC Corp said it would buy privately held Virtustream for about $1.2 billion in cash to expand its cloud offerings. Data storage products maker EMC Corp said it would buy privately held Virtustream for about $1.2 billion in cash to expand its cloud offerings. EMC to Buy Virtustream for $1.2 Billion to Expand Cloud Offerings'), (u'Daily Report: As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle', u'The European Court of Justice is expected to issue a preliminary decision over whether the social network giant can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States. The European Court of Justice is expected to issue a preliminary decision over whether the social network giant can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States. Daily Report: As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle'), (u'Foxconn Plans 10-12 New Indian Facilities by 2020: Chairman', u"Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group, the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer, is aiming to develop 10-12 facilities in India, including factories and data centers, by 2020, company Chairman Terry Gou said on Tuesday. Taiwan's Foxconn Technology Group, the world's largest contract electronics manufacturer, is aiming to develop 10-12 facilities in India, including factories and data centers, by 2020, company Chairman Terry Gou said on Tuesday. Foxconn Plans 10-12 New Indian Facilities by 2020: Chairman"), (u'Toshiba to Seek Extension for Annual Filing Deadline: Sources', u"Japan's Toshiba Corp is likely to seek an extension for its annual securities filing deadline amid a probe of past accounting irregularities, seeking to avoid being placed under supervision by the Tokyo bourse, sources said on Tuesday. Japan's Toshiba Corp is likely to seek an extension for its annual securities filing deadline amid a probe of past accounting irregularities, seeking to avoid being placed under supervision by the Tokyo bourse, sources said on Tuesday.  Toshiba to Seek Extension for Annual Filing Deadline: Sources"), (u'EU to Continue With Tax Study Even After Amazon Changes', u"The European Commission said on Tuesday it would continue its investigation into Luxembourg's tax treatment of Amazon after reports the online retailer had changed its tax practices in Europe. The European Commission said on Tuesday it would continue its investigation into Luxembourg's tax treatment of Amazon after reports the online retailer had changed its tax practices in Europe. EU to Continue With Tax Study Even After Amazon Changes"), (u'As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle', u'The European Court of Justice is expected to issue a preliminary decision over whether the social network giant can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States. The European Court of Justice is expected to issue a preliminary decision over whether the social network giant can continue transferring data between Europe and the United States. European Union is investigating whether Facebook unfairly favors its services over those of rivals, and its privacy settings are being questioned by watchdogs; European Court of Justice will decide in June whether social network can keep sending user data between continent and United States. As Facebook Sweeps Across Europe, Regulators Gird for Battle'), (u'Who&#8217;s the Watchdog? In Europe, the Answer Is Complicated', u'Reforms aimed at answering this question are expected by the end of the year, with domestic privacy regulators eager to hold on to the power to police activities in their own countries. Reforms aimed at answering this question are expected by the end of the year, with domestic privacy regulators eager to hold on to the power to police activities in their own countries. Who&#8217;s the Watchdog? In Europe, the Answer Is Complicated'), (u'Plane Safe? Hacker Case Points to Deeper Cyber Issues', u'Security researcher Chris Roberts made headlines last month when he was hauled off a plane in New York by the FBI and accused of hacking into flight controls via his underseat entertainment unit. Security researcher Chris Roberts made headlines last month when he was hauled off a plane in New York by the FBI and accused of hacking into flight controls via his underseat entertainment unit. Plane Safe? Hacker Case Points to Deeper Cyber Issues'), (u"Daimler Teams Up With China's Baidu in Connected Cars Drive", u"German carmaker Daimler is to make software from web services company Baidu available in its Chinese Mercedes-Benz cars as part of a trend of deepening ties between carmakers and consumer technology companies. German carmaker Daimler is to make software from web services company Baidu available in its Chinese Mercedes-Benz cars as part of a trend of deepening ties between carmakers and consumer technology companies. Daimler Teams Up With China's Baidu in Connected Cars Drive"), (u'Amazon to Stop Funneling European Sales Through Low-Tax Haven', u'Pressure is mounting for American tech companies, including Google, to stop using complex tax structures and pay more on their European operations. Pressure is mounting for American tech companies, including Google, to stop using complex tax structures and pay more on their European operations. Amazon announces broad changes to its European operations, saying it will begin paying local taxes in nations where it has large operations, rather than funneling sales through tax haven of Luxembourg; change follows growing pressure from European policy makers who want American tech companies to pay more on their operations in the European Union. Amazon to Stop Funneling European Sales Through Low-Tax Haven'), (u'In Busy Silicon Valley, Protein Powder Is in Demand', u'Protein-packed drinkable meals come in powder form, are inexpensive, and are quick and easy to make so tech workers don\u2019t actually have to eat. Protein-packed drinkable meals come in powder form, are inexpensive, and are quick and easy to make so tech workers don\u2019t actually have to eat. Software developers and others in Silicon Valley are increasingly turning to liquid meal substitutes that allow them to continue working without having to stop to eat; brands like Schmoylent, Soylent, Schmilk and People Chow are struggling to fulfill demand, with some engineers finding themselves on wait lists for the protein-packed, supplement-enhanced powdered drinks. In Busy Silicon Valley, Protein Powder Is in Demand'), (u'The Taste That Doesn\u2019t Really Satisfy', u'A sampling of protein powder shakes affirms that taste is secondary to the convenience they provide: allowing tech workers to stay put while working. A sampling of protein powder shakes affirms that taste is secondary to the convenience they provide: allowing tech workers to stay put while working. Sam Sifton reviews liquid meal replacements Space Nutrients, Soylent and Schmilk, saying they are uniformly bland and unpleasant. The Taste That Doesn\u2019t Really Satisfy'), (u'Behind the Downfall at BlackBerry', u'A new book by two reporters from The Globe and Mail offers details about the emotional and business turmoil surrounding BlackBerry\u2019s near collapse. A new book by two reporters from The Globe and Mail offers details about the emotional and business turmoil surrounding BlackBerry\u2019s near collapse. Behind the Downfall at BlackBerry'), (u'The Government&#8217;s Consumer Data Watchdog ', u'The Federal Trade Commission&#8217;s chief technologist fights to ensure that companies keep consumers&#8217; information safe and private. The Federal Trade Commission&#8217;s chief technologist fights to ensure that companies keep consumers&#8217; information safe and private. Natasha Singer Technophoria column profiles Ashkan Soltani, chief techologist at the Federal Trade Commission; observes that like his predecessors in post, Soltani has exposed corporate abuse of personal data, particularly in relation to advertising. The Government&#8217;s Consumer Data Watchdog '), (u"San Francisco Police Keep Eye Out for Missing 'Eyeball' Mask", u"San Francisco police have asked people to be on the lookout for a valuable mask depicting an eyeball wearing a top hat, an artifact made famous by an avant garde rock band, saying the artwork was stolen during shipment from a Seattle museum. San Francisco police have asked people to be on the lookout for a valuable mask depicting an eyeball wearing a top hat, an artifact made famous by an avant garde rock band, saying the artwork was stolen during shipment from a Seattle museum. San Francisco Police Keep Eye Out for Missing 'Eyeball' Mask"), (u'Overvalued in Silicon Valley, but Don\u2019t Say \u2018Tech Bubble\u2019', u"The tech industry\u2019s venture capitalists admit to a certain amount of \u201cfrothiness\u201d in start-up investments, but they studiously avoid another word. Bubble. The tech industry\u2019s venture capitalists admit to a certain amount of \u201cfrothiness\u201d in start-up investments, but they studiously avoid another word. Bubble. Venture capitalists in the tech industry are concerned about runaway valuations of some young companies, but are wary of referring to industry's current state as a 'bubble,' that like of the 1990s; valuations of companies have steadily been inflating, sign that investors are making decisions that are uncoupled from fundamentals of businesses they invest in, but analysts are quick to dispute idea that this has led to bubble. Overvalued in Silicon Valley, but Don\u2019t Say \u2018Tech Bubble\u2019"), (u'Forwarding Text Messages on the iPhone', u'You can send the message to someone not in the original conversation by taking a couple of steps. You can send the message to someone not in the original conversation by taking a couple of steps. Forwarding Text Messages on the iPhone'), (u'BlackBerry Cuts Jobs Worldwide as It Consolidates Businesses', u'Canadian smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd is cutting jobs across the world, the company said on Friday, as it consolidates its software, hardware and applications business. Canadian smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd is cutting jobs across the world, the company said on Friday, as it consolidates its software, hardware and applications business. BlackBerry Cuts Jobs Worldwide as It Consolidates Businesses'), (u'Intelligence Agency: Opening Up to a Changing World', u'Much about the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency remains classified, but the U.S. spy agency that maps and analyzes the earth is opening up more than ever, from sharing computer source code on a public website to tapping new sources of... Much about the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency remains classified, but the U.S. spy agency that maps and analyzes the earth is opening up more than ever, from sharing computer source code on a public website to tapping new sources of intelligence. Intelligence Agency: Opening Up to a Changing World'), (u'Adult Online Dating Site Reports Data Security Breach of Member Information', u'An online dating site for adults seeking sexual trysts has been hacked, potentially compromising the personal information of some of its 64 million members, the company said on Friday. An online dating site for adults seeking sexual trysts has been hacked, potentially compromising the personal information of some of its 64 million members, the company said on Friday. Adult Online Dating Site Reports Data Security Breach of Member Information'), (u"Founder of Facebook's Oculus Hit With Lawsuit", u"The founder of virtual reality glasses maker Oculus VR Inc, acquired by Facebook Inc for $2 billion, has been accused of taking confidential information he learned while working with another company and passing it off as his own, according to a... The founder of virtual reality glasses maker Oculus VR Inc, acquired by Facebook Inc for $2 billion, has been accused of taking confidential information he learned while working with another company and passing it off as his own, according to a lawsuit filed this week.  Founder of Facebook's Oculus Hit With Lawsuit"), (u'Adult Dating Site Investigating Breach of User Data', u"The operator of a popular adult dating website says it's investigating a potential security breach, following a report that hackers stole names, email addresses and information about the sexual preferences of up to 4 million members. The operator of a popular adult dating website says it's investigating a potential security breach, following a report that hackers stole names, email addresses and information about the sexual preferences of up to 4 million members. Adult Dating Site Investigating Breach of User Data"), (u'White House Says FBI Determined Which Clinton Emails to Later Classify', u"The White House said on Friday the FBI had determined material in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails that was once unclassified needed to be classified on later review and said such a decision was not uncommon. The White House said on Friday the FBI had determined material in former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton's emails that was once unclassified needed to be classified on later review and said such a decision was not uncommon. White House Says FBI Determined Which Clinton Emails to Later Classify"), (u'U.S. Moves to Facilitate Social Media in Crimea', u'The U.S. Treasury Department on Friday authorized American businesses and individuals to facilitate personal communications over the Internet like social media, instant messaging and photo sharing in Crimea, annexed by Russia from Ukraine last year. The U.S. Treasury Department on Friday authorized American businesses and individuals to facilitate personal communications over the Internet like social media, instant messaging and photo sharing in Crimea, annexed by Russia from Ukraine last year. U.S. Moves to Facilitate Social Media in Crimea'), (u'Clinton Emails Show Concern About Image After Benghazi', u"The U.S. State Department said it would release on Friday a group of Hillary Clinton's emails that Republicans believe may shed light on how the former secretary of state responded to the attack in 2012 that killed four Americans in Benghazi, Libya. The U.S. State Department said it would release on Friday a group of Hillary Clinton's emails that Republicans believe may shed light on how the former secretary of state responded to the attack in 2012 that killed four Americans in Benghazi, Libya. Clinton Emails Show Concern About Image After Benghazi"), (u'Daily Report: Bringing Women Into Tech', u'A new prize aims to recognize colleges that succeed in attracting women into information technology, a field where they remain underrepresented. A new prize aims to recognize colleges that succeed in attracting women into information technology, a field where they remain underrepresented. Daily Report: Bringing Women Into Tech'), (u'French Court Sets Rules for Alternative Taxis Such as Uber', u"France's highest administrative court on Friday backed restrictions on unlicensed taxi services in a decision that will hit U.S. start-up Uber. France's highest administrative court on Friday backed restrictions on unlicensed taxi services in a decision that will hit U.S. start-up Uber. French Court Sets Rules for Alternative Taxis Such as Uber"), (u'Audi Will Enhance Chinese Connected-Car Services With Baidu', u"Audi said on Friday its planned cooperation with China's web services provider Baidu aims to enhance connected-car offerings in the world's largest auto market. Audi said on Friday its planned cooperation with China's web services provider Baidu aims to enhance connected-car offerings in the world's largest auto market. Audi Will Enhance Chinese Connected-Car Services With Baidu"), (u"China's Didi Kuaidi Ups Stakes in Taxi Apps War", u"China's dominant taxi-hailing firm Didi Kuaidi will spend 1 billion yuan ($161.39 million) on promotions, the company said on Friday, in an aggressive expansion that will help lure in riders and fend of rivals like U.S. firm Uber Technologies Inc. China's dominant taxi-hailing firm Didi Kuaidi will spend 1 billion yuan ($161.39 million) on promotions, the company said on Friday, in an aggressive expansion that will help lure in riders and fend of rivals like U.S. firm Uber Technologies Inc. China's Didi Kuaidi Ups Stakes in Taxi Apps War"), (u'Toshiba Extends Accounting Probe to Three More Business Units', u'Japan industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp said on Friday it would investigate accounting practices in its TV, computer and chip businesses, extending a probe already under way into irregularities that led to profits being overstated by at least $415... Japan industrial conglomerate Toshiba Corp said on Friday it would investigate accounting practices in its TV, computer and chip businesses, extending a probe already under way into irregularities that led to profits being overstated by at least $415 million in recent years. Toshiba Extends Accounting Probe to Three More Business Units'), (u'Hewlett-Packard Reports Drop in Profit and Sales', u'The computer and printer company plans to split into two entities later this year in hopes of being more nimble, but investors have reservations. The computer and printer company plans to split into two entities later this year in hopes of being more nimble, but investors have reservations. Hewlett-Packard reports fiscal second quarter net income of $1 billion, fall of 21 percent from year earlier, and revenue of $25.5 billion, decline of 7 percent; chief executive Meg Whitman tells investors figures suggest support for decision to split HP into two companies. Hewlett-Packard Reports Drop in Profit and Sales'), (u'Disney to Bring Mobile Technology to More Parks', u"The mobile technology that helps Walt Disney Co theme park guests beat lines and pay for Mickey Mouse ears at the company's flagship resort in Florida will expand in some form to other Disney resorts, Chief Operating Officer Tom Staggs said. The mobile technology that helps Walt Disney Co theme park guests beat lines and pay for Mickey Mouse ears at the company's flagship resort in Florida will expand in some form to other Disney resorts, Chief Operating Officer Tom Staggs said.    Disney to Bring Mobile Technology to More Parks"), (u'HP Sells $2.3 Billion China Unit Stake to Forge Partnership With Tsinghua Unigroup', u"Hewlett-Packard Co will sell a controlling 51 percent stake in its China-based data-networking business to China's Tsinghua Unigroup for at least $2.3 billion, forming a partnership designed to create a Chinese technology powerhouse. Hewlett-Packard Co will sell a controlling 51 percent stake in its China-based data-networking business to China's Tsinghua Unigroup for at least $2.3 billion, forming a partnership designed to create a Chinese technology powerhouse.  HP Sells $2.3 Billion China Unit Stake to Forge Partnership With Tsinghua Unigroup"), (u'Toshiba to Expand Accounting Probe to TV, Other Businesses-Media', u'Toshiba Corp will expand its accounting probe to other operations with a focus on its TV, computer and chip businesses, public broadcaster NHK reported Friday, as it investigates bookkeeping irregularities for some infrastructure projects. Toshiba Corp will expand its accounting probe to other operations with a focus on its TV, computer and chip businesses, public broadcaster NHK reported Friday, as it investigates bookkeeping irregularities for some infrastructure projects. Toshiba to Expand Accounting Probe to TV, Other Businesses-Media'), (u'Senate Intelligence Chief to Offer Surveillance Compromise', u'The chairman of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said he would announce a compromise bill on bulk telephone data collection on Friday. The chairman of the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee said he would announce a compromise bill on bulk telephone data collection on Friday. Senate Intelligence Chief to Offer Surveillance Compromise'), (u'Hootsuite Says Could Go Public Sooner After Shopify IPO Success', u"Hootsuite, a provider of software to manage social media on a global scale and one of Canada's most valuable tech startups, hinted on Thursday it may move up its timeline on a initial public offering in light of the success of fellow Canadian startup... Hootsuite, a provider of software to manage social media on a global scale and one of Canada's most valuable tech startups, hinted on Thursday it may move up its timeline on a initial public offering in light of the success of fellow Canadian startup Shopify. Hootsuite Says Could Go Public Sooner After Shopify IPO Success"), (u"PayPal's New Chief Promises New Services for a Mobile World", u"As PayPal prepares to split from its corporate parent, its new chief executive is promising to expand the popular online payment system with a variety of services that consumers can use when shopping on their phones or in traditional stores. As PayPal prepares to split from its corporate parent, its new chief executive is promising to expand the popular online payment system with a variety of services that consumers can use when shopping on their phones or in traditional stores. PayPal's New Chief Promises New Services for a Mobile World"), (u'Russia Warns Google, Twitter and Facebook on Law Violations', u"Russia's media watchdog has written to Google, Twitter and Facebook warning them against violating Russian Internet laws and a spokesman said on Thursday they risk being blocked if they do not comply with the rules. Russia's media watchdog has written to Google, Twitter and Facebook warning them against violating Russian Internet laws and a spokesman said on Thursday they risk being blocked if they do not comply with the rules. Russia Warns Google, Twitter and Facebook on Law Violations"), (u'Mind-Controlled Prosthetic Limbs Allow Precise, Smooth Movement', u'More than a decade after becoming paralyzed from the neck down, Erik Sorto has been unable to perform even the simplest of daily tasks. More than a decade after becoming paralyzed from the neck down, Erik Sorto has been unable to perform even the simplest of daily tasks. Mind-Controlled Prosthetic Limbs Allow Precise, Smooth Movement'), (u"U.S. to Release Some Clinton Benghazi Emails 'Very, Very Soon'", u'The U.S. State Department will release "very, very soon" a first tranche of former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton\'s emails relating to an attack in 2012 on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya. The U.S. State Department will release "very, very soon" a first tranche of former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton\'s emails relating to an attack in 2012 on U.S. diplomatic facilities in Benghazi, Libya. U.S. to Release Some Clinton Benghazi Emails \'Very, Very Soon\''), (u'U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws', u'The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry&#8217;s aid to rival nations. The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry&#8217;s aid to rival nations. U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws'), (u'App Aims to Help Trafficking Victims Break the Language Barrier', u'It was while traveling in Thailand after graduating from college that Duane Dunston became aware of modern-day slavery, through local press reports of families selling their children and women forced into sex work. It was while traveling in Thailand after graduating from college that Duane Dunston became aware of modern-day slavery, through local press reports of families selling their children and women forced into sex work. App Aims to Help Trafficking Victims Break the Language Barrier'), (u'Worldwide Chromebook Sales Set to Reach 7.3 Million Units in 2015: Gartner', u'Market research firm Gartner Inc estimated 7.3 million Chromebooks would be sold this year, helped mainly by demand from the education industry. Market research firm Gartner Inc estimated 7.3 million Chromebooks would be sold this year, helped mainly by demand from the education industry. Worldwide Chromebook Sales Set to Reach 7.3 Million Units in 2015: Gartner'), (u'Members of Congress Ask for Review of Dropped Espionage Case', u'In a letter to Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, 22 members of Congress are asking if race played a role in the investigation of a Chinese-American hydrologist accused of spying for China. In a letter to Attorney General Loretta E. Lynch, 22 members of Congress are asking if race played a role in the investigation of a Chinese-American hydrologist accused of spying for China. Members of Congress Ask for Review of Dropped Espionage Case'), (u'New App Aims to Create Gender-Inclusive Online Community', u'Frustrated by what he saw as the non-inclusive world of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) mobile apps, a Harvard student set out to create one that would be truly inclusive of all genders. Frustrated by what he saw as the non-inclusive world of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) mobile apps, a Harvard student set out to create one that would be truly inclusive of all genders. New App Aims to Create Gender-Inclusive Online Community'), (u'U.S. House Leader: Senate Must Act on Bulk Data Collection', u"The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday urged the Senate to pass a bill, already approved by the House, that would end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone records and replace it with a more targeted... The Republican leader of the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday urged the Senate to pass a bill, already approved by the House, that would end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone records and replace it with a more targeted system. U.S. House Leader: Senate Must Act on Bulk Data Collection"), (u'Ireland Says Gay Marriage Good for Business', u'Gay marriage can help attract foreign investment, the Irish government said on Thursday ahead of a referendum on the issue that has been publicly backed by global technology giants including Google, Ebay and Twitter. Gay marriage can help attract foreign investment, the Irish government said on Thursday ahead of a referendum on the issue that has been publicly backed by global technology giants including Google, Ebay and Twitter.  Ireland Says Gay Marriage Good for Business'), (u'Research Group Says UC Browser, Owned by Alibaba, Found to Leak Data', u'A popular mobile web browser from a company that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd paid more than $1 billion for last year leaks sensitive user data and is a privacy risk, a Canadian technology research group said on Thursday. A popular mobile web browser from a company that Alibaba Group Holding Ltd paid more than $1 billion for last year leaks sensitive user data and is a privacy risk, a Canadian technology research group said on Thursday. Research Group Says UC Browser, Owned by Alibaba, Found to Leak Data'), (u'Stuck in Gaza, Hackers Open Lines to the World', u'With jobs scarce and time on their hands, some tech-savvy Gazans have found a new way to make money - hacking Internet-based phone lines and routing international calls for a fee. With jobs scarce and time on their hands, some tech-savvy Gazans have found a new way to make money - hacking Internet-based phone lines and routing international calls for a fee. Stuck in Gaza, Hackers Open Lines to the World'), (u'Daily Report: Minecraft Reality Shows, on YouTube', u'A group of gamers act as solo tour guides for millions of Minecraft players, gradually creating their own genre of entertainment. A group of gamers act as solo tour guides for millions of Minecraft players, gradually creating their own genre of entertainment. Daily Report: Minecraft Reality Shows, on YouTube'), (u'Carmakers Team Up With General Atlantic to Bid for Nokia Map Firm: Sources', u"Germany's premium automakers Mercedes, Audi and BMW have teamed up with private equity firm General Atlantic to raise their chances of clinching Nokia's map unit HERE by overtaking Internet bidders, two people familiar with the matter said. Germany's premium automakers Mercedes, Audi and BMW have teamed up with private equity firm General Atlantic to raise their chances of clinching Nokia's map unit HERE by overtaking Internet bidders, two people familiar with the matter said. Carmakers Team Up With General Atlantic to Bid for Nokia Map Firm: Sources"), (u'Not So Fast: Connected Cars Could Cause Data Traffic Jams', u'Traffic jams in the future could cause potentially dangerous data snarl-ups as cars packed with entertainment, safety and navigation features vie for airwaves with smartphones, tablets and networked features in other vehicles, according to a study. Traffic jams in the future could cause potentially dangerous data snarl-ups as cars packed with entertainment, safety and navigation features vie for airwaves with smartphones, tablets and networked features in other vehicles, according to a study. Not So Fast: Connected Cars Could Cause Data Traffic Jams'), (u'Philips and Carrefour Use Lights to Beam Coupons to Shoppers', u'Philips has struck its first deal to sell lights with built-in technology that can track shoppers as they move through a grocery store, beaming pop-up coupons to their smartphones. Philips has struck its first deal to sell lights with built-in technology that can track shoppers as they move through a grocery store, beaming pop-up coupons to their smartphones.  Philips and Carrefour Use Lights to Beam Coupons to Shoppers'), (u'SoftBank President Arora to Replace Son as Yahoo Japan Chairman', u'Yahoo Japan Corp said on Thursday that SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son would step down as its chairman in June, to be succeeded by SoftBank President Nikesh Arora. Yahoo Japan Corp said on Thursday that SoftBank Chief Executive Masayoshi Son would step down as its chairman in June, to be succeeded by SoftBank President Nikesh Arora. SoftBank President Arora to Replace Son as Yahoo Japan Chairman'), (u'eBay to Roll Out Amazon Prime-Like Service in Germany: WSJ', u'EBay Inc plans to launch a new shipping service, eBay plus, in Germany in the second half of this year, the Wall Street Journal reported. EBay Inc plans to launch a new shipping service, eBay plus, in Germany in the second half of this year, the Wall Street Journal reported. eBay to Roll Out Amazon Prime-Like Service in Germany: WSJ'), (u"Elbit Systems Buys Nice's Cyber Unit for Up to $158 Million", u"Israeli defense electronics firm Elbit Systems has  agreed to buy Nice Systems' cyber and intelligence division for $157.9 million as it seeks to boost its presence in this fast-growing market. Israeli defense electronics firm Elbit Systems has  agreed to buy Nice Systems' cyber and intelligence division for $157.9 million as it seeks to boost its presence in this fast-growing market. Elbit Systems Buys Nice's Cyber Unit for Up to $158 Million"), (u'Lenovo Annual Profit Up 1 Percent, Missing Forecasts, Amid China Smartphone Competition', u"Lenovo Group Ltd, the world's leading PC maker, said on Thursday its annual net profit rose one percent to $829 million, below analysts expectations, after completing two major acquisitions. Lenovo Group Ltd, the world's leading PC maker, said on Thursday its annual net profit rose one percent to $829 million, below analysts expectations, after completing two major acquisitions. Lenovo Annual Profit Up 1 Percent, Missing Forecasts, Amid China Smartphone Competition"), (u'Future of Domestic Surveillance Powers Uncertain as Congress Fights', u"Republican Rand Paul interrupted debate in the U.S. Senate on Wednesday to make a speech opposing legislation that would extend U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' telephone data. Republican Rand Paul interrupted debate in the U.S. Senate on Wednesday to make a speech opposing legislation that would extend U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' telephone data. Future of Domestic Surveillance Powers Uncertain as Congress Fights"), (u"China's ZTE Seeks More NBA Partnerships to Boost U.S. Smartphone Sales", u"Chinese smartphone maker ZTE Corp expects to ship 20 million smartphones to the United States this year, up 20 percent from last year, the company's U.S. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Lixin Cheng told Reuters in an interview. Chinese smartphone maker ZTE Corp expects to ship 20 million smartphones to the United States this year, up 20 percent from last year, the company's U.S. Chief Executive Officer and Chairman Lixin Cheng told Reuters in an interview. China's ZTE Seeks More NBA Partnerships to Boost U.S. Smartphone Sales"), (u"China's Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation", u'Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation". Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation". China\'s Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation'), (u'Up to 1.1 Million Customers Could be Affected in Data Breach at Insurer CareFirst', u'The hacking of CareFirst, a health insurer, may have some common links to the attacks on Anthem and Premera. The hacking of CareFirst, a health insurer, may have some common links to the attacks on Anthem and Premera. Health insurer CareFirst says hackers accessed its computer systems and possibly compromised some of its customer information, possibly affecting as many as 1.1 million customers. Up to 1.1 Million Customers Could be Affected in Data Breach at Insurer CareFirst'), (u'Video Feature: As California Thirsts, These Apps Help Save Water', u'Some of these apps help track one\u2019s own water use, while others make it easy to publicly shame water wasters. Some of these apps help track one\u2019s own water use, while others make it easy to publicly shame water wasters. Kit Eaton App Smart examines apps that help people learn about and reduce their home water consumption. Video Feature: As California Thirsts, These Apps Help Save Water'), (u'Minecraft Stars on YouTube Share Secrets to Their Celebrity', u'A group of gamers act as solo tour guides for millions of Minecraft players, gradually creating their own genre of entertainment. A group of gamers act as solo tour guides for millions of Minecraft players, gradually creating their own genre of entertainment. Gadgetwise column; YouTube videos about hugely successful video game Minecraft are big hits, with millions of people watching players narrate as they explore virtual world; top gamers like Mitchell Hughes have full-time, lucrative career on YouTube, receiving cut of advertising revenue from the videos. Minecraft Stars on YouTube Share Secrets to Their Celebrity'), (u'Unlike You, Your Facebook Account Can Be Immortal', u"The social network lets you assign a sort of executor of your Facebook estate who can update your cover photo and post information. The social network lets you assign a sort of executor of your Facebook estate who can update your cover photo and post information. Personal Tech Q&A on assigning someone to handle user's Facebook account after they die; retrieving pictures from camera's bad memory card; Tip of the Week on using Twitter account to get tech service for broadband account. Unlike You, Your Facebook Account Can Be Immortal"), (u'A Tech Boom Aimed at the Few, Instead of the World', u'The industry once thought big, but today\u2019s wave of start-ups is characterized by a rise in services aimed at the wealthy and the young. The industry once thought big, but today\u2019s wave of start-ups is characterized by a rise in services aimed at the wealthy and the young. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column observes tech world once again has big visions for future, as it did in the late 1990s, but holds current boom is based on rise in so-called on-demand services and apps targeted at wealthy and young; contends it is unlikely that new on-demand start-ups will attain enough growth to enable reduced prices for ordinary consumers. A Tech Boom Aimed at the Few, Instead of the World'), (u'Prosthetic Limbs, Controlled by Thought  ', u"The next generation of prostheses includes artificial arms with flexible fingers sensitive enough to transmit the sensation of texture. The next generation of prostheses includes artificial arms with flexible fingers sensitive enough to transmit the sensation of texture. John Hopkins University engineers have developed next generation of prosthetic, robotic arms controlled by amputee's brain signals; users report they can feel texture through the arms, known as Modular Prosthetic Limbs. Prosthetic Limbs, Controlled by Thought  "), (u"China's Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation", u'Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation". Chinese President Xi Jinping has urged the younger generation and new media professionals to join the government in an intensified push to achieve China\'s dream of "national rejuvenation". China\'s Xi Urges Young, New Media Workers to Lead Rejuvenation of Nation'), (u'Samsung Elec Says Halts TV Production in Thailand', u"South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, the world's top television maker, on Thursday said it stopped TV production in Thailand in the first quarter to streamline its global manufacturing footprint. South Korea's Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, the world's top television maker, on Thursday said it stopped TV production in Thailand in the first quarter to streamline its global manufacturing footprint. Samsung Elec Says Halts TV Production in Thailand"), (u'U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws', u'The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry&#8217;s aid to rival nations. The U.S. Commerce Department proposed new export controls Wednesday that would treat unknown software flaws as potential weapons, a move aimed at reducing the security industry&#8217;s aid to rival nations. U.S. Aims to Limit Exports of Undisclosed Software Flaws'), (u'Easier Regulatory Review Seen for Altice vs Charter in TWC Deal', u'A potential bid by French telecom group Altice SA to buy U.S. cable company Time Warner Cable Inc would pass regulatory hurdles more easily than an offer pondered by cable rival Charter Communications Inc , according to analysts and experts. A potential bid by French telecom group Altice SA to buy U.S. cable company Time Warner Cable Inc would pass regulatory hurdles more easily than an offer pondered by cable rival Charter Communications Inc , according to analysts and experts. Easier Regulatory Review Seen for Altice vs Charter in TWC Deal'), (u'Judge OKs Activision $275 Million Shareholder Settlement, $72 Million for Lawyers', u'A Delaware judge on Wednesday approved a $275 million shareholder settlement involving videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc and awarded the small law firms that brought the case a $72.5 million fee. A Delaware judge on Wednesday approved a $275 million shareholder settlement involving videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc and awarded the small law firms that brought the case a $72.5 million fee. Judge OKs Activision $275 Million Shareholder Settlement, $72 Million for Lawyers'), (u'NetApp Results Miss Estimates; Shares Fall', u'Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc is cutting about 500 jobs, after it reported weak fourth-quarter results and gave current quarter forecast below estimates. Data storage equipment maker NetApp Inc is cutting about 500 jobs, after it reported weak fourth-quarter results and gave current quarter forecast below estimates. NetApp Results Miss Estimates; Shares Fall'), (u'U.S. Navy Secretary Says Paying Attention to Cyber Threats', u'The U.S. Navy is working hard to improve the cyber security of its computer networks and weapon and communications systems, while bracing for potential attacks on power grids and fuel supplies, Navy Secretary Ray Mabus said Wednesday. The U.S. Navy is working hard to improve the cyber security of its computer networks and weapon and communications systems, while bracing for potential attacks on power grids and fuel supplies, Navy Secretary Ray Mabus said Wednesday. U.S. Navy Secretary Says Paying Attention to Cyber Threats'), (u'Salesforce Reports First Profit in Seven Quarters, Shares Jump', u'Cloud software company Salesforce.com Inc, the subject of takeover speculation for the past few weeks, reported a 23 percent jump in quarterly revenue, helped by an increase in demand for its web-based sales and marketing software. Cloud software company Salesforce.com Inc, the subject of takeover speculation for the past few weeks, reported a 23 percent jump in quarterly revenue, helped by an increase in demand for its web-based sales and marketing software. Salesforce Reports First Profit in Seven Quarters, Shares Jump'), (u'CareFirst Says Cyberattack Stole Data of 1.1 Million Users in U.S', u'CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, which sells health insurance in Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia, said on Wednesday that a cyberattack compromised the data of 1.1 million current and former members. CareFirst BlueCross BlueShield, which sells health insurance in Maryland, Virginia and the District of Columbia, said on Wednesday that a cyberattack compromised the data of 1.1 million current and former members. CareFirst Says Cyberattack Stole Data of 1.1 Million Users in U.S'), (u'App Smart | Track Your Water Usage', u'Many people are looking for ways to keep track of their water consumption. New apps like Vizsafe, Drip Detective and Dropcountr can help you save water and save money. Many people are looking for ways to keep track of their water consumption. New apps like Vizsafe, Drip Detective and Dropcountr can help you save water and save money. App Smart | Track Your Water Usage'), (u'Viacom Boosts Dividend More Than 20 Percent to 40 Cents', u'Viacom Inc said it raised its quarterly cash dividend by 21 percent to 40 cents per share from 33 cents. Viacom Inc said it raised its quarterly cash dividend by 21 percent to 40 cents per share from 33 cents. Viacom Boosts Dividend More Than 20 Percent to 40 Cents'), (u'U.S. Senators Try to Block Extension of Bulk Data Collection', u"Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul began giving a speech on Wednesday to block a vote on any legislation that would extend U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' telephone data. Republican U.S. Senator Rand Paul began giving a speech on Wednesday to block a vote on any legislation that would extend U.S. spy agencies' collection of Americans' telephone data. U.S. Senators Try to Block Extension of Bulk Data Collection"), (u"Firms to Face Stiffer Fines for Breaking EU's 'Right to Be Forgotten' Rules", u'Firms such as Google and Microsoft will face stiffer fines if they violate Europe\'s "right to be forgotten" online rules, according to a draft text agreed by European Union ambassadors on Wednesday, diplomatic sources said. Firms such as Google and Microsoft will face stiffer fines if they violate Europe\'s "right to be forgotten" online rules, according to a draft text agreed by European Union ambassadors on Wednesday, diplomatic sources said. Firms to Face Stiffer Fines for Breaking EU\'s \'Right to Be Forgotten\' Rules'), (u'Spotify to Start Offering Videos', u'Spotify, which provides free on-demand music or ad-free tunes for paying customers, said it will now also provide video content and podcasts. Spotify, which provides free on-demand music or ad-free tunes for paying customers, said it will now also provide video content and podcasts. Spotify to Start Offering Videos'), (u'Belgian Prosecutors Investigate Alleged Intimidation of Uber Drivers', u'Brussels prosecutors said on Wednesday they were investigating alleged intimidation of Uber drivers, two months after a Belgian taxi driver was arrested for threatening behavior towards drivers who offer their services through the ride-sharing app. Brussels prosecutors said on Wednesday they were investigating alleged intimidation of Uber drivers, two months after a Belgian taxi driver was arrested for threatening behavior towards drivers who offer their services through the ride-sharing app. Belgian Prosecutors Investigate Alleged Intimidation of Uber Drivers'), (u'Techies Lift Aged Midtown South to NYC Real Estate Heights', u"The Dutch, it is said, bought Manhattan Island in 1626 from its native American inhabitants for about $24 in trade goods. Half a millennium later, that sum wouldn't buy a square foot of office space in New York City's trendiest real estate market,... The Dutch, it is said, bought Manhattan Island in 1626 from its native American inhabitants for about $24 in trade goods. Half a millennium later, that sum wouldn't buy a square foot of office space in New York City's trendiest real estate market, the area below 34th Street known as Midtown South. Techies Lift Aged Midtown South to NYC Real Estate Heights"), (u"Less Is More? 'Clash of Clans' Maker Banks on Handful of Games", u"Mobile games maker Supercell will focus on just a few titles and quickly kill off ones that do not immediately catch on as it seeks to remain the world's top-grossing company in the sector, its chief executive said. Mobile games maker Supercell will focus on just a few titles and quickly kill off ones that do not immediately catch on as it seeks to remain the world's top-grossing company in the sector, its chief executive said. Less Is More? 'Clash of Clans' Maker Banks on Handful of Games"), (u'Survey Finds Americans Don&#8217;t Trust Government and Companies to Protect Privacy', u'Most Americans say it is important to control who has access to their personal information, but they have little faith that the government or companies will protect their private data, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. Most Americans say it is important to control who has access to their personal information, but they have little faith that the government or companies will protect their private data, according to a new report by the Pew Research Center. Survey Finds Americans Don&#8217;t Trust Government and Companies to Protect Privacy'), (u'Daily Report: U.S. Accuses Six Chinese Citizens of Stealing Tech Data', u'The suspects studied in the United States and took jobs at the semiconductor companies Avago Technologies and Skyworks Solutions. The suspects studied in the United States and took jobs at the semiconductor companies Avago Technologies and Skyworks Solutions. Daily Report: U.S. Accuses Six Chinese Citizens of Stealing Tech Data'), (u'Amputees Control Bionic Legs With Their Thoughts', u'By Amy Pollock By Amy Pollock Amputees Control Bionic Legs With Their Thoughts'), (u"Huawei Stakes Claim in 'Internet of Things' Market With New Operating System", u"China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL], the world's biggest telecommunications equipment maker, on Wednesday became the latest tech giant to present its own take on the 'Internet of Things' (IoT), centered on an operating system designed to... China's Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL], the world's biggest telecommunications equipment maker, on Wednesday became the latest tech giant to present its own take on the 'Internet of Things' (IoT), centered on an operating system designed to allow household and business appliances to communicate with each other online. Huawei Stakes Claim in 'Internet of Things' Market With New Operating System"), (u'The Bionic Man', u'Les Baugh lost his arms as a teenager. Engineers at Johns Hopkins are trying to give them back, but better. Mr. Baugh is testing a robotic prosthetic that he can control with his mind. Les Baugh lost his arms as a teenager. Engineers at Johns Hopkins are trying to give them back, but better. Mr. Baugh is testing a robotic prosthetic that he can control with his mind. The Bionic Man'), (u'Telstra Says Newly Acquired Pacnet Hacked, Customer Data Exposed', u'Australian telecommunications firm Telstra Corp Ltd said on Wednesday computer systems at its recently acquired undersea cable company Pacnet Ltd had been hacked, potentially exposing sensitive customer information to theft. Australian telecommunications firm Telstra Corp Ltd said on Wednesday computer systems at its recently acquired undersea cable company Pacnet Ltd had been hacked, potentially exposing sensitive customer information to theft. Telstra Says Newly Acquired Pacnet Hacked, Customer Data Exposed'), (u"China Says 'Strongly Concerned' About U.S. Economic Espionage Case", u'China is "strongly concerned" about a case in which six Chinese nationals were charged by the United States with economic espionage, it said on Wednesday. China is "strongly concerned" about a case in which six Chinese nationals were charged by the United States with economic espionage, it said on Wednesday. China Says \'Strongly Concerned\' About U.S. Economic Espionage Case'), (u'North Korea Modified Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Says U.S. Official', u'Photos showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists, and the isolated country may still be years away from developing the technology, a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday. Photos showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists, and the isolated country may still be years away from developing the technology, a top U.S. military official said on Tuesday.  North Korea Modified Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Says U.S. Official'), (u"Review: Curves and 'Self-Healing' in Super-Premium Phones", u"For those not satisfied with just a premium phone, Samsung and LG are offering two models best described as the Lamborghinis of smartphones. For those not satisfied with just a premium phone, Samsung and LG are offering two models best described as the Lamborghinis of smartphones. Review: Curves and 'Self-Healing' in Super-Premium Phones"), (u'China to Spend $182 Billion to Boost Internet by End of 2017', u'China will spend more than $182 billion to boost Internet speeds by the end of 2017, a top government body said, as Beijing moves towards a more service-driven economy to boost growth. China will spend more than $182 billion to boost Internet speeds by the end of 2017, a top government body said, as Beijing moves towards a more service-driven economy to boost growth. China to Spend $182 Billion to Boost Internet by End of 2017'), (u'I.R.S. Look at Spinoffs May Affect Yahoo Plan', u"Marissa Mayer\u2019s plan to spin off Yahoo\u2019s $34 billion stake in Alibaba tax-free could run into resistance from federal tax authorities. Marissa Mayer\u2019s plan to spin off Yahoo\u2019s $34 billion stake in Alibaba tax-free could run into resistance from federal tax authorities. IRS signals that it is weighing potential changes in how it treats some classes of tax-free spinoffs, particularly those in which operating business comprises only small portion of new company; change could have serious consequences for Yahoo's plan to spin off its $34 billion stake in Alibaba tax-free. I.R.S. Look at Spinoffs May Affect Yahoo Plan"), (u'Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Confirms a Hacker Attack', u'The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said hackers were able to redirect users of its online research services to fake websites. The Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said hackers were able to redirect users of its online research services to fake websites. Federal Reserve Bank of St Louis acknowledges successful cyberattack, saying hackers redirected users of its online research services to fake websites; breach is only latest to affect government systems. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis Confirms a Hacker Attack'), (u'Tech Giants Urge Obama to Reject Policies That Weaken Encryption', u"A group of prominent technology companies, including Google and Apple, have sent a letter to President Obama asking him to reject any proposals that would weaken their products\u2019 security. A group of prominent technology companies, including Google and Apple, have sent a letter to President Obama asking him to reject any proposals that would weaken their products\u2019 security. Coalition of tech industry giants, civil liberties organizations and security experts send letter to Pres Obama warning him that proposed encryption mandate could have serious consequences; administration is weighing whether to force companies to use forms of encryption that provide 'back door' for law enforcement, but industry says same weakness could be used by foreign governments and hackers. Tech Giants Urge Obama to Reject Policies That Weaken Encryption"), (u'6 Chinese Men Indicted in Theft of Code From U.S. Tech Companies', u'The suspects studied in the United States and took jobs at the semiconductor companies Avago Technologies and Skyworks Solutions. The suspects studied in the United States and took jobs at the semiconductor companies Avago Technologies and Skyworks Solutions. Obama administration announces arrest of Prof Zhang Hao and five other Chinese citizens, charging them with decade-long scheme to steal microelectronics designs on behalf of Chinese government; charges, under the Economic Espionage Act, come amid time of time of delicate relations with China, and seem meant to signal a new seriousness in pursuing those who steal American intellectual property. 6 Chinese Men Indicted in Theft of Code From U.S. Tech Companies'), (u"North Korea 'Modified' Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Say Experts", u"Photos showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists, and the isolated country may still be years away from developing the technology, analysts and a senior U.S. Navy admiral said on Tuesday. Photos showing a North Korean missile launched from a submarine were manipulated by state propagandists, and the isolated country may still be years away from developing the technology, analysts and a senior U.S. Navy admiral said on Tuesday.  North Korea 'Modified' Submarine Missile Launch Photos, Say Experts"), (u'St. Louis Federal Reserve Says Was Victim of Hacking Attack', u'The U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said hackers successfully attacked the bank last month. The U.S. Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis said hackers successfully attacked the bank last month. St. Louis Federal Reserve Says Was Victim of Hacking Attack'), (u'Factbox: U.S. Accusations Against China Over Trade Secrets', u'The United States charged six Chinese nationals on Tuesday with economic espionage, saying they stole secrets from two companies that develop technology often used in military systems. The United States charged six Chinese nationals on Tuesday with economic espionage, saying they stole secrets from two companies that develop technology often used in military systems. Factbox: U.S. Accusations Against China Over Trade Secrets'), (u'Whirlpool and AB InBev Team Up on Hot-And-Cold Drink Machine', u'Whirlpool Corp and Anheuser-Busch InBev on Tuesday started selling a countertop appliance that makes soda, juice and coffee with single-serve capsules, marking the start of a joint venture worth more than $70 million. Whirlpool Corp and Anheuser-Busch InBev on Tuesday started selling a countertop appliance that makes soda, juice and coffee with single-serve capsules, marking the start of a joint venture worth more than $70 million. Whirlpool and AB InBev Team Up on Hot-And-Cold Drink Machine'), (u"Federal Judge Demands Details on Sprint $50 Million 'Cramming' Settlement", u"A federal judge said on Tuesday he would not approve a proposed $50 million settlement between the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Sprint Corp over claims the mobile carrier added unauthorized charges to phone bills unless the two sides... A federal judge said on Tuesday he would not approve a proposed $50 million settlement between the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and Sprint Corp over claims the mobile carrier added unauthorized charges to phone bills unless the two sides provide additional details about its fairness. Federal Judge Demands Details on Sprint $50 Million 'Cramming' Settlement"), (u'Yahoo Shares Fall on Worries of Possible U.S. Tax Change on Spinoffs', u"Shares in Yahoo Inc fell 7.6 percent on Tuesday, as the stock sold off dramatically in the last 20 minutes of the trading day on worries that a potential change in U.S. tax regulations would affect Yahoo's expected spinoff of its stake in Alibaba... Shares in Yahoo Inc fell 7.6 percent on Tuesday, as the stock sold off dramatically in the last 20 minutes of the trading day on worries that a potential change in U.S. tax regulations would affect Yahoo's expected spinoff of its stake in Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.  Yahoo Shares Fall on Worries of Possible U.S. Tax Change on Spinoffs"), (u'Computer Sciences to Split Into Two Companies', u'Computer Sciences Corp, a technology consulting service provider, said it would split into two public companies &#8212; one to serve commercial and government clients globally and one to serve public sector clients in the United States. Computer Sciences Corp, a technology consulting service provider, said it would split into two public companies &#8212; one to serve commercial and government clients globally and one to serve public sector clients in the United States. Computer Sciences to Split Into Two Companies'), (u'CAD Software Maker Autodesk Forecasts Profit Below Estimates', u'Autodesk Inc, which makes computer-aided design software, reported a 32.5 percent fall in quarterly profit, hurt by an increase in operating expenses and cost of revenue. Autodesk Inc, which makes computer-aided design software, reported a 32.5 percent fall in quarterly profit, hurt by an increase in operating expenses and cost of revenue. CAD Software Maker Autodesk Forecasts Profit Below Estimates'), (u'Mobile Shapes How Video, Wireless Providers Evolve', u'Video is going mobile, and leading TV providers are trying to adapt. Video is going mobile, and leading TV providers are trying to adapt. Mobile Shapes How Video, Wireless Providers Evolve'), (u"Not Your Ma's Bell: AT&T Evolves Beyond Phones", u"The company whose name has long been synonymous with telephones is looking for new ways to reach out and touch someone. The company whose name has long been synonymous with telephones is looking for new ways to reach out and touch someone. Not Your Ma's Bell: AT&T Evolves Beyond Phones"), (u'Eye-Tracking Tech Makes Virtual Reality Hands-Free', u'By Matthew Stock By Matthew Stock Eye-Tracking Tech Makes Virtual Reality Hands-Free'), (u'Berkshire, GE Invest in U.S.-Israeli Energy-Saving Software Firm', u'Berkshire Hathaway and General Electric have invested $22.5 million in U.S.-Israeli eVolution Networks, a provider of energy-saving software to mobile network operators. Berkshire Hathaway and General Electric have invested $22.5 million in U.S.-Israeli eVolution Networks, a provider of energy-saving software to mobile network operators. Berkshire, GE Invest in U.S.-Israeli Energy-Saving Software Firm'), (u'Daily Report: In Singapore, the Post Office Evolves for E-Commerce', u'Of makeovers at postal services, SingPost\u2019s is among the most ambitious. Besides regular postal duties, it offers a basket of services for companies, including website development, online marketing, customer service and, of course, package... Of makeovers at postal services, SingPost\u2019s is among the most ambitious. Besides regular postal duties, it offers a basket of services for companies, including website development, online marketing, customer service and, of course, package delivery. Daily Report: In Singapore, the Post Office Evolves for E-Commerce'), (u'Aiming for a Comeback, RealNetworks Introduces the Photo-Sharing App RealTimes', u'Rob Glaser, chief executive of RealNetworks, is trying to drive the company back into relevance with a photo-sharing app, called RealTimes, that is centered on families. Rob Glaser, chief executive of RealNetworks, is trying to drive the company back into relevance with a photo-sharing app, called RealTimes, that is centered on families. Aiming for a Comeback, RealNetworks Introduces the Photo-Sharing App RealTimes'), (u'Contest Aims to Harness Low-Cost Devices to Help the Poor', u'The chip maker ARM and Unicef are trying to jump-start the development of low-cost wearable sensors for use in emerging nations. The chip maker ARM and Unicef are trying to jump-start the development of low-cost wearable sensors for use in emerging nations. Contest Aims to Harness Low-Cost Devices to Help the Poor'), (u'UN Virtual Reality Film Highlights Plight of Syrian Refugees', u'The United Nations is using virtual reality technology to help the public experience what it is like to live in a Syrian refugee camp. The United Nations is using virtual reality technology to help the public experience what it is like to live in a Syrian refugee camp. UN Virtual Reality Film Highlights Plight of Syrian Refugees'), (u'Some People Do More Than Text While Driving', u'Texting while driving has company. Some people are also using social media services, taking selfies, and even making videos while they are behind the wheel. Texting while driving has company. Some people are also using social media services, taking selfies, and even making videos while they are behind the wheel. Some People Do More Than Text While Driving'), (u'TomTom Shares Jump After Apple Renews Digital Maps Contract', u'Dutch navigation company TomTom has extended its agreement with Apple, it said on Tuesday without providing further details. Dutch navigation company TomTom has extended its agreement with Apple, it said on Tuesday without providing further details. TomTom Shares Jump After Apple Renews Digital Maps Contract'), (u'Appeals Court Upholds Apple\u2019s Patent Victory Over Samsung', u"The federal court also ruled that the iPhone\u2019s overall look could not be protected and part of the $930 million in damages must be recalculated. The federal court also ruled that the iPhone\u2019s overall look could not be protected and part of the $930 million in damages must be recalculated. United States Court of Appeals for Federal Circuit upholds most of Apple's iPhone 2012 patent victory against Samsung Electronics but rules overall design of phone cannot be protected and part of damages against Samsung will need to be recalculated. Appeals Court Upholds Apple\u2019s Patent Victory Over Samsung"), (u"'Grand Theft Auto' Publisher Take-Two's Profit Sails Past Street", u'Video game publisher Take-Two Interactive Software Inc, reported an 83.5 percent jump in quarterly adjusted revenue, helped by strong sales of "Grand Theft Auto V" and "NBA 2K15". Video game publisher Take-Two Interactive Software Inc, reported an 83.5 percent jump in quarterly adjusted revenue, helped by strong sales of "Grand Theft Auto V" and "NBA 2K15". \'Grand Theft Auto\' Publisher Take-Two\'s Profit Sails Past Street'), (u"Hitches With F-35 Logistics Won't Delay Summer Launch: Lockheed Executive", u'Lockheed Martin Corp said on Monday it is working to resolve "relatively minor" issues with a portable version of the F-35 fighter jet\'s automated logistics system, but the problems should not impede a Marine Corp milestone this summer. Lockheed Martin Corp said on Monday it is working to resolve "relatively minor" issues with a portable version of the F-35 fighter jet\'s automated logistics system, but the problems should not impede a Marine Corp milestone this summer. Hitches With F-35 Logistics Won\'t Delay Summer Launch: Lockheed Executive'), (u'AT&T Working on Exclusive Content for Connected Cars', u"AT&amp;T Inc is gearing up to bring connected car users exclusive content such as videos and games that can be streamed onto personal mobile devices later this year, AT&amp;T's senior vice president of emerging devices Chris Penrose said. AT&amp;T Inc is gearing up to bring connected car users exclusive content such as videos and games that can be streamed onto personal mobile devices later this year, AT&amp;T's senior vice president of emerging devices Chris Penrose said. AT&T Working on Exclusive Content for Connected Cars"), (u'Court Agrees Samsung Copied Apple, but Tosses Some Damages', u"A federal appeals court has agreed that Samsung illegally copied some of the patented features in Apple's iPhone. But the court sided with Samsung on one point in a long-running dispute, which means the South Korean company may end up paying less... A federal appeals court has agreed that Samsung illegally copied some of the patented features in Apple's iPhone. But the court sided with Samsung on one point in a long-running dispute, which means the South Korean company may end up paying less than the $930 million in damages originally awarded in the case. Court Agrees Samsung Copied Apple, but Tosses Some Damages"), (u'U.S. Regulators Turn Up Heat on Fiat Chrysler Recalls', u'U.S. auto safety regulators on Monday said they would hold a July 2 public hearing to determine whether Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV failed to remedy safety defects and issue required notices in 20 recalls. U.S. auto safety regulators on Monday said they would hold a July 2 public hearing to determine whether Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV failed to remedy safety defects and issue required notices in 20 recalls. U.S. Regulators Turn Up Heat on Fiat Chrysler Recalls'), (u'Flightradar24 Finds Not Just Planespotters Flocking to Its Website', u'Within 40 minutes of Germanwings flight 4U9525 crashing in the Alps in March French accident investigators from the BEA authority were on the phone to plane tracking website Flightradar24. Within 40 minutes of Germanwings flight 4U9525 crashing in the Alps in March French accident investigators from the BEA authority were on the phone to plane tracking website Flightradar24. Flightradar24 Finds Not Just Planespotters Flocking to Its Website'), (u'Daily Report: Kijiji, the Craigslist of Canada, Run by eBay', u'The eBay-owned website, whose name means \u201cvillage\u201d in Swahili, attracts three times as many users in Canada as Craigslist, which dominates in the United States. The eBay-owned website, whose name means \u201cvillage\u201d in Swahili, attracts three times as many users in Canada as Craigslist, which dominates in the United States. Daily Report: Kijiji, the Craigslist of Canada, Run by eBay'), (u'Kijiji, a Flop in the U.S., Rules Online Classifieds in Canada', u"The eBay-owned website, whose name means \u201cvillage\u201d in Swahili, attracts three times as many users in Canada as Craigslist, which dominates in the United States. The eBay-owned website, whose name means \u201cvillage\u201d in Swahili, attracts three times as many users in Canada as Craigslist, which dominates in the United States. Online classified ads web site Kijiji, owned by eBay, is one of Canada's 10 most popular sites and is used by more than 12 million people per month, three times more than those using Craigslist, which dominated classified ads market in United States; site's success can be attributed to eBay official Janet Bannister; site is one of few brands that did not take off in US but found success elsewhere. Kijiji, a Flop in the U.S., Rules Online Classifieds in Canada"), (u'Apple Acquires Coherent Navigation, a GPS Start-Up', u'The purchase further bolsters Apple\u2019s mapping technology and services. The purchase further bolsters Apple\u2019s mapping technology and services. Apple Acquires Coherent Navigation, a GPS Start-Up'), (u'Samsung Heir Apparent Takes Succession Step', u"Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics and son of Samsung Group's patriarch, will assume the leadership of two key foundations. Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics and son of Samsung Group's patriarch, will assume the leadership of two key foundations. Samsung Heir Apparent Takes Succession Step"), (u'No Sign Hackers Got Info in Attack on German Parliament System-Spokeswoman', u'The German Bundestag lower house of parliament is trying to repair its computer system after a hacking attack but there are no indications yet that hackers accessed information, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Saturday. The German Bundestag lower house of parliament is trying to repair its computer system after a hacking attack but there are no indications yet that hackers accessed information, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Saturday. No Sign Hackers Got Info in Attack on German Parliament System-Spokeswoman'), (u"Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports", u"Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on&#160;Thursday. Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on&#160;Thursday. Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports"), (u'Google to Test Bubble-Shaped Self-Driving Cars in Silicon Valley', u'Tests of the cars, which look like golf carts with doors, are expected to place the search giant closer to its goal of hands-free, foot-free driving. Tests of the cars, which look like golf carts with doors, are expected to place the search giant closer to its goal of hands-free, foot-free driving. Google says several prototype models of its self-driving cars are scheduled to be tested in Mountain View, Calif, in summer 2015. Google to Test Bubble-Shaped Self-Driving Cars in Silicon Valley'), (u'Carl Icahn Invests $100 Million in Lyft', u'The investment is an extension of a $530 million round that the ride-hailing start-up raised in March, valuing it at $2.5 billion. The investment is an extension of a $530 million round that the ride-hailing start-up raised in March, valuing it at $2.5 billion. Activist investor Carl C Icahn says he has invested $100 million in Lyft, rapidly growing ride-hailing start-up; total investments value firm at $2.5 billion. Carl Icahn Invests $100 Million in Lyft'), (u'Penn State&#8217;s College of Engineering Hit by Cyberattack', u'Universities are increasingly a target for hackers because they handle vast amounts of personal and financial information for students and employees, as well as sensitive research. Universities are increasingly a target for hackers because they handle vast amounts of personal and financial information for students and employees, as well as sensitive research. Penn State&#8217;s College of Engineering Hit by Cyberattack'), (u'Google Self-Driving Car Tests Set for Summer', u'The first autonomous vehicle Google has made will hit public roads in northern California for tests this summer, reports Phil LeBeau of CNBC. The first autonomous vehicle Google has made will hit public roads in northern California for tests this summer, reports Phil LeBeau of CNBC. Google Self-Driving Car Tests Set for Summer'), (u'California Man Sues Uber Claiming It Stole Ride-Sharing Idea', u'A California man has sued Uber Technologies Inc and its Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, claiming they stole his idea for a cellphone-based car hailing service. A California man has sued Uber Technologies Inc and its Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, claiming they stole his idea for a cellphone-based car hailing service.  California Man Sues Uber Claiming It Stole Ride-Sharing Idea'), (u"Google's Self-Driving Cars to Hit Roads, With Steering Wheels", u"Google Inc's self-driving cars will begin testing on public roads this summer, but it turns out they will have steering wheels and brakes, which is not what the company envisioned a year ago. Google Inc's self-driving cars will begin testing on public roads this summer, but it turns out they will have steering wheels and brakes, which is not what the company envisioned a year ago. Google's Self-Driving Cars to Hit Roads, With Steering Wheels"), (u"Unknown Hackers Attack German Parliament's Data Network", u"Unknown hackers have attacked the German Bundestag lower house of parliament's computer system, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Friday. Unknown hackers have attacked the German Bundestag lower house of parliament's computer system, a parliamentary spokeswoman said on Friday.  Unknown Hackers Attack German Parliament's Data Network"), (u"Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports", u"Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on&#160;Thursday. Taiwan has ordered Alibaba's online marketplace Taobao to withdraw from the island within six months for violating investment rules required for a Chinese company, Chinese and Taiwanese media said on&#160;Thursday. Taiwan Orders Alibaba's Taobao Out for Rule Violation: Reports"), (u"Want to Know Where to Get High? There's an App for That", u"Cannabis users looking for someone to share a joint with have a new app that lets them find like-minded smokers around the world. Cannabis users looking for someone to share a joint with have a new app that lets them find like-minded smokers around the world. Want to Know Where to Get High? There's an App for That"), (u'Daily Report: Unearthing the Enigma of Bitcoin&#8217;s Birth', u'Conversations with those most deeply involved in Bitcoin yielded a quiet but widely held consensus, and new hints drew an investigator further into the chase. Conversations with those most deeply involved in Bitcoin yielded a quiet but widely held consensus, and new hints drew an investigator further into the chase. Daily Report: Unearthing the Enigma of Bitcoin&#8217;s Birth'), (u'China Wireless Carriers to Slash Contract Prices, Could Spur 4G Boom', u"China's three state-owned wireless carriers said on Friday they will cut mobile data prices and boost data speeds this year, potentially spurring a mass migration of customers to more lucrative 4G contracts. China's three state-owned wireless carriers said on Friday they will cut mobile data prices and boost data speeds this year, potentially spurring a mass migration of customers to more lucrative 4G contracts. China Wireless Carriers to Slash Contract Prices, Could Spur 4G Boom"), (u'Sharp Says Banks to Provide $1.7 Billion Bailout', u'The Japanese electronics maker has been losing money after its smartphone display business came under intense pressure from Asian rivals. The Japanese electronics maker has been losing money after its smartphone display business came under intense pressure from Asian rivals. Sharp Says Banks to Provide $1.7 Billion Bailout'), (u'Toshiba Sets Up New Panel to Expand Accounting Probe', u'Toshiba Corp announced on Friday it had appointed a third-party committee, headed by a former prosecutor, to probe accounting irregularities that overstated operating profits by at least $420 million in recent years. Toshiba Corp announced on Friday it had appointed a third-party committee, headed by a former prosecutor, to probe accounting irregularities that overstated operating profits by at least $420 million in recent years. Toshiba Sets Up New Panel to Expand Accounting Probe'), (u'Nurses With Tablets and Bikers With Smartphones Join Ebola Fight', u'While health experts in laboratories globally have tried to devise ways to end the largest Ebola epidemic on record, technology experts have also been coming up with new ways to attack the virus - using smartphones and Ebola-proof tablets. While health experts in laboratories globally have tried to devise ways to end the largest Ebola epidemic on record, technology experts have also been coming up with new ways to attack the virus - using smartphones and Ebola-proof tablets. Nurses With Tablets and Bikers With Smartphones Join Ebola Fight'), (u'Missile Shield for Gulf to Take Years, and Heavy U.S. Commitment', u'A U.S.-supplied missile shield to protect Gulf nations against Iranian attacks will take years to complete, requiring a step-up in regional trust, more U.S. sales of sensitive weapons, and intensive U.S. training to avoid mishaps in the volatile... A U.S.-supplied missile shield to protect Gulf nations against Iranian attacks will take years to complete, requiring a step-up in regional trust, more U.S. sales of sensitive weapons, and intensive U.S. training to avoid mishaps in the volatile region. Missile Shield for Gulf to Take Years, and Heavy U.S. Commitment'), (u'Netflix in Talks With Jack Ma-Backed Wasu to Enter China: Bloomberg', u"Video streaming company Netflix Inc is in talks with Jack Ma-backed Wasu Media Holding Co and other potential partners to enter China's booming online video market, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Video streaming company Netflix Inc is in talks with Jack Ma-backed Wasu Media Holding Co and other potential partners to enter China's booming online video market, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Netflix in Talks With Jack Ma-Backed Wasu to Enter China: Bloomberg"), (u'Matching Colors Between Display and Document', u'Pictures from photofinishing services may not display correctly on a computer because the colors can be affected by the light in the room and the monitor settings. Pictures from photofinishing services may not display correctly on a computer because the colors can be affected by the light in the room and the monitor settings. Matching Colors Between Display and Document'), (u"Accessories for Apple's HomeKit to Hit Stores Next Month", u"The first batch of home automation accessories, such as thermostats and garage door openers, compatible with Apple Inc&#8217;s software platform will go on sale in June, the tech company said Thursday. The first batch of home automation accessories, such as thermostats and garage door openers, compatible with Apple Inc&#8217;s software platform will go on sale in June, the tech company said Thursday. Accessories for Apple's HomeKit to Hit Stores Next Month"), (u'Samsung Heir Takes Charge of Foundations in Succession Step', u'Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics and son of Samsung Group\u2019s patriarch, will assume the leadership of two key foundations. Jay Y. Lee, the vice chairman of Samsung Electronics and son of Samsung Group\u2019s patriarch, will assume the leadership of two key foundations. Samsung Heir Takes Charge of Foundations in Succession Step'), (u'Nvidia Wants to Leap From Video Games to Self-Driving Cars', u'It took Silicon Valley chipmaker Nvidia Corp the better part of a decade to gain acceptance as a global automotive supplier, a lesson for other technology firms hoping to make a similar transition from consumer electronics to car components. It took Silicon Valley chipmaker Nvidia Corp the better part of a decade to gain acceptance as a global automotive supplier, a lesson for other technology firms hoping to make a similar transition from consumer electronics to car components. Nvidia Wants to Leap From Video Games to Self-Driving Cars'), (u'Reddit Enacts Anti-Harassment Policy After User Complaints', u'Free-wheeling online discussion forum Reddit is enacting an anti-harassment policy in response to user complaints. Free-wheeling online discussion forum Reddit is enacting an anti-harassment policy in response to user complaints. Reddit Enacts Anti-Harassment Policy After User Complaints'), (u'Symantec Revenue Misses Street on Strong Dollar', u'Antivirus and security software maker Symantec Corp reported a 6.6 percent fall in quarterly revenue, hurt by a strong dollar and lower demand for its consumer security products. Antivirus and security software maker Symantec Corp reported a 6.6 percent fall in quarterly revenue, hurt by a strong dollar and lower demand for its consumer security products. Symantec Revenue Misses Street on Strong Dollar'), (u"King Digital's Shares 'Crushed' After Weak Second Quarter Bookings Forecast", u'King Digital Entertainment Plc, a maker of games for social media platforms and mobile devices, reported better-than-expected gross quarterly bookings, helped by the success of "Candy Crush Soda Saga". King Digital Entertainment Plc, a maker of games for social media platforms and mobile devices, reported better-than-expected gross quarterly bookings, helped by the success of "Candy Crush Soda Saga". King Digital\'s Shares \'Crushed\' After Weak Second Quarter Bookings Forecast'), (u'Reddit Introduces Anti-Harassment Policy', u'Reddit users who view or experience harassment on the service will now be able to e-mail the company and request to have content and offenders removed from the site. Reddit users who view or experience harassment on the service will now be able to e-mail the company and request to have content and offenders removed from the site. Reddit Introduces Anti-Harassment Policy'), (u'Daily Report: Technology Behind Advertising Is at the Heart of Verizon&#8217;s Deal for AOL', u'In a merger with Verizon, AOL would gain a wealth of consumer data that it could use to personalize and target marketing messages. Others are skeptical of the effort. In a merger with Verizon, AOL would gain a wealth of consumer data that it could use to personalize and target marketing messages. Others are skeptical of the effort. Daily Report: Technology Behind Advertising Is at the Heart of Verizon&#8217;s Deal for AOL'), (u'Alibaba to Invest More Abroad as Globalization Top Priority: CEO Zhang', u"Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will invest heavily in existing and new ventures abroad, making its push beyond the China market a top priority, the Chinese e-commerce leader's new CEO, Daniel Zhang, said. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd will invest heavily in existing and new ventures abroad, making its push beyond the China market a top priority, the Chinese e-commerce leader's new CEO, Daniel Zhang, said. Alibaba to Invest More Abroad as Globalization Top Priority: CEO Zhang"), (u'Toshiba Eyes Three-Year Profit Markdown in Accounts Probe; Impact Seen Limited, Shares Up', u"Japan's Toshiba Corp said an internal probe into accounting irregularities may mean it has to mark down three years of profit by about 7 percent, soothing investor fears the investigation might blow up into a bigger accounting scandal. Japan's Toshiba Corp said an internal probe into accounting irregularities may mean it has to mark down three years of profit by about 7 percent, soothing investor fears the investigation might blow up into a bigger accounting scandal. Toshiba Eyes Three-Year Profit Markdown in Accounts Probe; Impact Seen Limited, Shares Up"), (u'Amazon Launches Advertising Platform for Mobile App Developers: Bloomberg', u'Amazon.com Inc launched a new advertising platform for mobile app developers to promote their apps on Android devices, Bloomberg reported. Amazon.com Inc launched a new advertising platform for mobile app developers to promote their apps on Android devices, Bloomberg reported. Amazon Launches Advertising Platform for Mobile App Developers: Bloomberg'), (u'Cisco\u2019s Profit and Sales Beat Wall Street Forecasts', u'Profit for Cisco Systems, the networking equipment giant, rose 12 percent, to $2.4 billion, in its fiscal third quarter. Profit for Cisco Systems, the networking equipment giant, rose 12 percent, to $2.4 billion, in its fiscal third quarter. Cisco Systems reports fiscal third quarter profit of $2.4 billion, or 54 cents a share, up 12 percent over year-ago quarter; revenue was $12.1 billion, up 5 percent. Cisco\u2019s Profit and Sales Beat Wall Street Forecasts'), (u'Video Feature: Apps for Cyclists Offer Everything but the Flat-Tire Kit', u'Route tracking, speed and distance monitoring, social-media updating and more. Route tracking, speed and distance monitoring, social-media updating and more. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights apps popular with cyclists. Video Feature: Apps for Cyclists Offer Everything but the Flat-Tire Kit'), (u'Finding a New Broadband Connection', u"When the cable company just won\u2019t do, here are tips for finding another way to get online. When the cable company just won\u2019t do, here are tips for finding another way to get online. Personal Tech Q&A on finding broadband connection other than through cable company; erasing Google history; Tip of the Week focuses on Facebook's On This Day feature. Finding a New Broadband Connection"), (u'China Aims to Boost Internet Speeds, Cut Prices', u'China will accelerate development of its high-speed broadband networks to raise Internet speeds and cut prices, long bugbears in a country where many people still have no access to the web. China will accelerate development of its high-speed broadband networks to raise Internet speeds and cut prices, long bugbears in a country where many people still have no access to the web. China Aims to Boost Internet Speeds, Cut Prices'), (u'Toshiba Says to Mark Down Reported Profit for Three Years', u"Japan's Toshiba Corp warned it was likely to mark down its reported operating profit for the three fiscal years through March 2014 by a total of at least 50 billion yen ($419.43 million) after an investigation into accounting irregularities. Japan's Toshiba Corp warned it was likely to mark down its reported operating profit for the three fiscal years through March 2014 by a total of at least 50 billion yen ($419.43 million) after an investigation into accounting irregularities. Toshiba Says to Mark Down Reported Profit for Three Years"), (u'Toshiba Shares Rise After Profit Restatement', u'Shares in Toshiba Corp rose about four percent on Thursday after the company said the mark-down in its profits in the past three years due to accounting irregularities will be estimated at around 50 billion yen ($419.50 million). Shares in Toshiba Corp rose about four percent on Thursday after the company said the mark-down in its profits in the past three years due to accounting irregularities will be estimated at around 50 billion yen ($419.50 million). Toshiba Shares Rise After Profit Restatement'), (u'White House and Labor Advocates Praise Move by Facebook for Higher Wages', u'Facebook announced on Tuesday that it would require its contractors and vendors to provide better benefits and a minimum hourly wage of $15. Facebook announced on Tuesday that it would require its contractors and vendors to provide better benefits and a minimum hourly wage of $15. White House and Labor Advocates Praise Move by Facebook for Higher Wages'), (u'Wal-Mart Challenges Amazon With Unlimited Shipping Service for $50 Per Year', u"Wal-Mart Stores Inc is planning to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year, a move that may hurt Amazon's annual $99 Prime shipping service. Wal-Mart Stores Inc is planning to test a new unlimited online shipping service this summer for $50 per year, a move that may hurt Amazon's annual $99 Prime shipping service. Wal-Mart Challenges Amazon With Unlimited Shipping Service for $50 Per Year"), (u'Uber Lures Top Google Executive and Shifts David Plouffe&#8217;s Duties', u'Uber said Rachel Whetstone, Google\u2019s longtime head of communications, would run its day-to-day communications operations. David Plouffe, who had that role, will move to a chief advisory position and take a director\u2019s seat on Uber\u2019s board. Uber said Rachel Whetstone, Google\u2019s longtime head of communications, would run its day-to-day communications operations. David Plouffe, who had that role, will move to a chief advisory position and take a director\u2019s seat on Uber\u2019s board. Uber Lures Top Google Executive and Shifts David Plouffe&#8217;s Duties'), (u'App Smart | Track Your Cycling Data', u'While your eyes are on the road, phone apps like Strava and Road Bike keep track of your cycling data. While your eyes are on the road, phone apps like Strava and Road Bike keep track of your cycling data. App Smart | Track Your Cycling Data'), (u'Facebook Pushes to Improve Benefits, Pay for Contractors', u'Facebook is pushing for higher pay and improved benefits for the janitors, cooks and other workers who support its employees. Facebook is pushing for higher pay and improved benefits for the janitors, cooks and other workers who support its employees. Facebook Pushes to Improve Benefits, Pay for Contractors'), (u'AT&T to Offer Hulu on Website, App This Year', u'AT&amp;T Inc, the No. 2 U.S. wireless company, said it would offer the Hulu subscription streaming service to its customers through its websites and mobile apps beginning later this year. AT&amp;T Inc, the No. 2 U.S. wireless company, said it would offer the Hulu subscription streaming service to its customers through its websites and mobile apps beginning later this year. AT&T to Offer Hulu on Website, App This Year'), (u'Limelight Did Not Infringe Akamai Patent: U.S. Court', u'Media content delivery company Limelight Networks Inc did not directly infringe a patent on managing web images and video held by rival Akamai Technologies Inc because it did not carry out all the steps of the patent, a U.S. appeals court ruled on... Media content delivery company Limelight Networks Inc did not directly infringe a patent on managing web images and video held by rival Akamai Technologies Inc because it did not carry out all the steps of the patent, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Wednesday. Limelight Did Not Infringe Akamai Patent: U.S. Court'), (u'Nokia Plans Job Cuts in Technologies Unit', u"Finland's Nokia is planning to cut up to 70 jobs from its technologies unit in Finland, its spokeswoman said on Wednesday. Finland's Nokia is planning to cut up to 70 jobs from its technologies unit in Finland, its spokeswoman said on Wednesday. Nokia Plans Job Cuts in Technologies Unit"), (u'Daily Report: Facebook to Start Testing Instant Articles', u'The social network will host articles directly on its site instead of linking to them, potentially undermining news sites and apps. The social network will host articles directly on its site instead of linking to them, potentially undermining news sites and apps. Daily Report: Facebook to Start Testing Instant Articles'), (u'Tencent Eyes Investing More to Build WeChat Mobile Payment Service', u"Tencent Holdings Ltd, China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm, said on Wednesday it might invest more to build up its WeChat messaging app mobile payment service should the opportunity arise. Tencent Holdings Ltd, China's biggest social network and online entertainment firm, said on Wednesday it might invest more to build up its WeChat messaging app mobile payment service should the opportunity arise. Tencent Eyes Investing More to Build WeChat Mobile Payment Service"), (u"Alibaba, Wanda Heads' Investment Firms Lead $129 Mln Fundraising in LeTV Sports Firm", u"Wanda Group's Wang Jianlin and an investment firm founded by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Jack Ma took part in a 800 million yuan ($129 million) funding round for a little-known sports entertainment company backed by local tech firm LeTV. Wanda Group's Wang Jianlin and an investment firm founded by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Jack Ma took part in a 800 million yuan ($129 million) funding round for a little-known sports entertainment company backed by local tech firm LeTV. Alibaba, Wanda Heads' Investment Firms Lead $129 Mln Fundraising in LeTV Sports Firm"), (u'Philippines Issues Rules on Ride-Sharing Services, as Taxis Threaten Court', u'The Philippines issued new rules for ride-sharing services such as Uber on Wednesday, becoming the first country to regulate specifically for such app-based car-hailing operations and prompting threats of legal action from the taxi industry. The Philippines issued new rules for ride-sharing services such as Uber on Wednesday, becoming the first country to regulate specifically for such app-based car-hailing operations and prompting threats of legal action from the taxi industry. Philippines Issues Rules on Ride-Sharing Services, as Taxis Threaten Court'), (u'How Facebook&#8217;s News Feed Will Change on Mobile', u'A representative of one participating publisher said the social network\u2019s new format for presenting news articles to iPhone users was \u201cbuttery smooth.\u201d A representative of one participating publisher said the social network\u2019s new format for presenting news articles to iPhone users was \u201cbuttery smooth.\u201d How Facebook&#8217;s News Feed Will Change on Mobile'), (u'Review: What to Do if Phones Fill Up With Photos', u"Shoot enough photos and videos, and your phone will eventually fill up. Many phones don't let you add storage, and moving images to a personal computer is complicated for many people. Shoot enough photos and videos, and your phone will eventually fill up. Many phones don't let you add storage, and moving images to a personal computer is complicated for many people. Review: What to Do if Phones Fill Up With Photos"), (u'Facebook to Let Nine News Companies Publish News to Mobile Feeds', u'Facebook Inc tied up with nine news publishers to launch "Instant Articles" that will let them publish articles directly to the social network\'s mobile news feeds. Facebook Inc tied up with nine news publishers to launch "Instant Articles" that will let them publish articles directly to the social network\'s mobile news feeds. Facebook to Let Nine News Companies Publish News to Mobile Feeds'), (u'Six Gadgets to Take on a Road Trip', u'Stuck in a car for days? Bring along navigation aids, headphones, broadband access, video and music storage \u2014 even access to a remote camera to check on your home. Stuck in a car for days? Bring along navigation aids, headphones, broadband access, video and music storage \u2014 even access to a remote camera to check on your home. Six Gadgets to Take on a Road Trip'), (u'Facebook Begins Testing Instant Articles From News Publishers', u"The social network will host articles directly on its site instead of linking to them, potentially undermining news sites and apps. The social network will host articles directly on its site instead of linking to them, potentially undermining news sites and apps. Facebook begins directly hosting news articles from nine prominent media companies, ending months of delicate negotiations between Internet giant and publishers; organizations like NBC News and the New York Times have agreed to deal despite long-term concerns, deciding that reaching Facebook's massive audience was worth sacrificing some of their own autonomy. Facebook Begins Testing Instant Articles From News Publishers"), (u'For Verizon and AOL, Mobile Is a Magic Word', u"The Verizon-AOL deal is just the latest corporate reaction to a staggering shift in the way people across the globe get their news and entertainment. The Verizon-AOL deal is just the latest corporate reaction to a staggering shift in the way people across the globe get their news and entertainment. Farhad Manjoo State of The Art column holds that Verizon's $4.4 billion purchase of AOL is latest corporate move in response to momentous change in way people worldwide receive their news and entertainment; contends tech and media industries are both panicked and excited about huge potential for profiting from shift to mobile phones from desktop computers. For Verizon and AOL, Mobile Is a Magic Word"), (u'Sharp Intends to Lower Capital to 500 Million Yen: Source', u'Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp intends to reduce its capital to 500 million yen ($4.2 million) from more than 120 billion yen, compared with a previously planned target of 100 million yen, a source with knowledge of the move said. Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp intends to reduce its capital to 500 million yen ($4.2 million) from more than 120 billion yen, compared with a previously planned target of 100 million yen, a source with knowledge of the move said. Sharp Intends to Lower Capital to 500 Million Yen: Source'), (u'Sharp Scales Down Capital Reduction Plan: Report', u'Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp is scaling down plans to reduce its capital as part of a restructuring package, a report said on Wednesday, a day before it was due to unveil details of the new business strategy. Loss-making Japanese electronics maker Sharp Corp is scaling down plans to reduce its capital as part of a restructuring package, a report said on Wednesday, a day before it was due to unveil details of the new business strategy. Sharp Scales Down Capital Reduction Plan: Report'), (u'Verizon Wireless and Sprint to Pay $158 Million to Settle Billing Investigations', u'Verizon agreed to pay $90 million and Sprint $68 million to settle F.C.C. investigations into millions of dollars of unauthorized charges that appeared on customers\u2019 cellphone bills. Verizon agreed to pay $90 million and Sprint $68 million to settle F.C.C. investigations into millions of dollars of unauthorized charges that appeared on customers\u2019 cellphone bills. Verizon Wireless and Sprint to Pay $158 Million to Settle Billing Investigations'), (u'Deal Talks for Here Mapping Service Expose Reliance on Location Data', u'If a new owner decides to restrict access to Here\u2019s vast trove of mapping data, some of the largest tech companies could find themselves relying on Google\u2019s mapping services once more. If a new owner decides to restrict access to Here\u2019s vast trove of mapping data, some of the largest tech companies could find themselves relying on Google\u2019s mapping services once more. Deal Talks for Here Mapping Service Expose Reliance on Location Data'), (u"WeChat Is Tencent's Ace in China's Online Entertainment Race", u"In a multi-billion dollar dogfight with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd for leadership in China's online entertainment market, mobile messaging app WeChat is Tencent Holdings Ltd's trump card. In a multi-billion dollar dogfight with Alibaba Group Holding Ltd for leadership in China's online entertainment market, mobile messaging app WeChat is Tencent Holdings Ltd's trump card. WeChat Is Tencent's Ace in China's Online Entertainment Race"), (u"GoDaddy's Revenue Rises 17.5 Percent Due to Customer Additions", u"Web-hosting company GoDaddy Inc posted a 17.5 percent rise in revenue in its first quarterly report as a public company, helped by customer additions and an increase in revenue per average user. Web-hosting company GoDaddy Inc posted a 17.5 percent rise in revenue in its first quarterly report as a public company, helped by customer additions and an increase in revenue per average user. GoDaddy's Revenue Rises 17.5 Percent Due to Customer Additions"), (u'Bill Gates, Andy Grove and Steve Jobs: The Strategies They Shared', u'A new book by two business school professors examines the common strategies of Bill Gates, Andy Grove and Steve Jobs, and the implications beyond the companies they led. A new book by two business school professors examines the common strategies of Bill Gates, Andy Grove and Steve Jobs, and the implications beyond the companies they led. Bill Gates, Andy Grove and Steve Jobs: The Strategies They Shared'), (u'Samsung Announces New Push Into Internet-Connected Gadgets', u'Samsung wants to sell the digital brains that will go into billions of "smart" home appliances, industrial products and other Internet-connected gadgets &#8212; whether those gadgets are made by Samsung or its competitors. Samsung wants to sell the digital brains that will go into billions of "smart" home appliances, industrial products and other Internet-connected gadgets &#8212; whether those gadgets are made by Samsung or its competitors. Samsung Announces New Push Into Internet-Connected Gadgets'), (u"Alibaba's Cloud Computing Unit to Establish Base in Dubai", u"The cloud computing unit of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding said it would establish a base in Dubai to seek business from companies and governments in the Middle East and North Africa. The cloud computing unit of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba Group Holding said it would establish a base in Dubai to seek business from companies and governments in the Middle East and North Africa. Alibaba's Cloud Computing Unit to Establish Base in Dubai"), (u'Phone and Web Companies Race to Reconnect Quake-Hit Nepal', u"Buildings wrecked by Tuesday's earthquake in Nepal, already weakened by last month's huge quake which killed over 8,000, will take years to rebuild. But another type of infrastructure will bounce back much sooner: communication networks. Buildings wrecked by Tuesday's earthquake in Nepal, already weakened by last month's huge quake which killed over 8,000, will take years to rebuild. But another type of infrastructure will bounce back much sooner: communication networks. Phone and Web Companies Race to Reconnect Quake-Hit Nepal"), (u'Verizon, Sprint to Pay $158 Million Over Unauthorized Phone Charges', u"Sprint Corp has agreed to provide as much as $50 million of consumer relief to resolve a U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau lawsuit accusing the phone company of letting third parties tack unauthorized charges on to customers' phone bills. Sprint Corp has agreed to provide as much as $50 million of consumer relief to resolve a U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau lawsuit accusing the phone company of letting third parties tack unauthorized charges on to customers' phone bills. Verizon, Sprint to Pay $158 Million Over Unauthorized Phone Charges"), (u'Daily Report: Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash', u'The move to buy AOL at $50 a share, a 17 percent premium over its closing price Monday, is an effort to expand Verizon\u2019s digital and video offerings. The move to buy AOL at $50 a share, a 17 percent premium over its closing price Monday, is an effort to expand Verizon\u2019s digital and video offerings. Daily Report: Verizon to Buy AOL for $4.4 Billion in Cash'), (u'Tango Offers Shopping on Its Messaging Service', u'Now you can buy a Yankees coffin within the comfort of your texting line. Tango, a popular messaging service, has a two-million-item catalog of goods from Walmart and Alibaba. If it works, will brands keep their own apps? Now you can buy a Yankees coffin within the comfort of your texting line. Tango, a popular messaging service, has a two-million-item catalog of goods from Walmart and Alibaba. If it works, will brands keep their own apps? Tango Offers Shopping on Its Messaging Service'), (u'Canada Raises More Than C$750 Million in Telecom Spectrum Auction', u'The Canadian government said on Tuesday it has raised C$755.4 million ($627.77 million) in a spectrum auction that is set to boost telecom coverage in rural areas that account for vast swathes of land across the country. The Canadian government said on Tuesday it has raised C$755.4 million ($627.77 million) in a spectrum auction that is set to boost telecom coverage in rural areas that account for vast swathes of land across the country. Canada Raises More Than C$750 Million in Telecom Spectrum Auction'), (u'Chinese Smartphone Makers Try to Make Inroads in India', u"As domestic sales slow and the country\u2019s economy cools, China turns to the much smaller but fast-growing market in India. As domestic sales slow and the country\u2019s economy cools, China turns to the much smaller but fast-growing market in India. IDC group reports phone sales in China declined 4 percent in first quarter 2015 from year earlier and that it does not expect smartphone market to grow in country in 2015; end to China's market boom has prompted many phone makers to shift focus to India, one of fastest-growing markets in world. Chinese Smartphone Makers Try to Make Inroads in India"), (u'Cook Says Apple in Talks With Alibaba Over Apple Pay in China: Xinhua', u"Apple Inc is in talks with Chinese banks and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on launching the firm's mobile payments system in China, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the official Xinhua news agency in an interview published on Tuesday. Apple Inc is in talks with Chinese banks and Alibaba Group Holding Ltd on launching the firm's mobile payments system in China, Chief Executive Tim Cook told the official Xinhua news agency in an interview published on Tuesday. Cook Says Apple in Talks With Alibaba Over Apple Pay in China: Xinhua"), (u"Google's Self-Driving Cars Involved in 11 Accidents, Director Says", u"Internet search company Google Inc's self-driving cars have been involved in 11 accidents, but have not been the cause of any, over the last six years since the project began, the program's director said on Monday. Internet search company Google Inc's self-driving cars have been involved in 11 accidents, but have not been the cause of any, over the last six years since the project began, the program's director said on Monday. Google's Self-Driving Cars Involved in 11 Accidents, Director Says"), (u"Facebook May Sue Lawyers Over Fugitive's Lawsuit: NY Judge", u"Facebook Inc may pursue a lawsuit against law firms that represented a New York man who recently turned fugitive rather than face federal charges that he tried to defraud founder Mark Zuckerberg out of half of the company, a judge ruled on Monday. Facebook Inc may pursue a lawsuit against law firms that represented a New York man who recently turned fugitive rather than face federal charges that he tried to defraud founder Mark Zuckerberg out of half of the company, a judge ruled on Monday. Facebook May Sue Lawyers Over Fugitive's Lawsuit: NY Judge"), (u'Web Hosting Company Rackspace Forecasts Revenue Below Street', u'Rackspace Hosting Inc, a web hosting company, forecast revenue for the current quarter below market estimates and said a strong dollar hurt its revenue growth in the first quarter. Rackspace Hosting Inc, a web hosting company, forecast revenue for the current quarter below market estimates and said a strong dollar hurt its revenue growth in the first quarter. Web Hosting Company Rackspace Forecasts Revenue Below Street'), (u'Startup NerdWallet Raises $64 Million in First Round of Funding', u'Private financial technology startup NerdWallet said it had raised $64 million in an initial funding round, large even by increasingly inflated Silicon Valley standards. Private financial technology startup NerdWallet said it had raised $64 million in an initial funding round, large even by increasingly inflated Silicon Valley standards. Startup NerdWallet Raises $64 Million in First Round of Funding'), (u'Uber Tests Cash Payments for Cabs in India', u'Uber is testing cash payments in India as the online taxi-hailing company seeks a stronger foothold in a country where many fewer people have credit cards than internet connections. Uber is testing cash payments in India as the online taxi-hailing company seeks a stronger foothold in a country where many fewer people have credit cards than internet connections. Uber Tests Cash Payments for Cabs in India'), (u"Enel Offers to Help Build Italy's Fibre Broadband Network", u"Italian power utility Enel has written to the Italian communications regulator offering to help with building a nationwide ultrafast broadband telecoms network, a move that could bring it into conflict with Telecom Italia. Italian power utility Enel has written to the Italian communications regulator offering to help with building a nationwide ultrafast broadband telecoms network, a move that could bring it into conflict with Telecom Italia. Enel Offers to Help Build Italy's Fibre Broadband Network"), (u'Daily Report: Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments', u'Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in less time, driven by money flowing in from hedge funds, strategic investors and more. Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in less time, driven by money flowing in from hedge funds, strategic investors and more. Daily Report: Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments'), (u"Softbank's Arora Says No Rush to Sell Alibaba Stake", u"SoftBank Corp Chief Executive Masayoshi Son said on Monday that Vice Chairman Nikesh Arora was a strong candidate to lead the Japanese telecommunications and Internet conglomerate in the future. SoftBank Corp Chief Executive Masayoshi Son said on Monday that Vice Chairman Nikesh Arora was a strong candidate to lead the Japanese telecommunications and Internet conglomerate in the future. Softbank's Arora Says No Rush to Sell Alibaba Stake"), (u'Apple Steps Up Efforts to Go Green in China', u"Apple says it's boosting efforts to go green in China by partnering with conservationists to promote sustainable forestry for paper production. Apple says it's boosting efforts to go green in China by partnering with conservationists to promote sustainable forestry for paper production. Apple Steps Up Efforts to Go Green in China"), (u'Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments', u"Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in less time, driven by money flowing in from hedge funds, strategic investors and more. Uber, Yik Yak and others have raised more money in less time, driven by money flowing in from hedge funds, strategic investors and more. Uber is one of several start-ups that have raised large amounts of money over past few months, as companies launch frequent fund-raising rounds; trend highlights how quickening pace of Silicon Valley's current technological boom has also sped up rate of start-up financing, driven by cash flowing in from hedge funds, strategic investors and others. Uber Funding Talks Highlight the Speedy Pace of Investments"), (u'Sharp Says May Cut Its Capital, Shares Dive 20 Percent', u"Japan's Sharp Corp said it was considering a capital reduction and preferred share issuance as part of its restructuring plan, sending its stock sliding more than 20 percent. Japan's Sharp Corp said it was considering a capital reduction and preferred share issuance as part of its restructuring plan, sending its stock sliding more than 20 percent. Sharp Says May Cut Its Capital, Shares Dive 20 Percent"), (u'An Obama Plan to Stop Foreign Hackers Has Mixed Results', u'The Obama administration\u2019s two-year-old strategy to aggressively fight foreign online espionage has done little to curb the theft of companies\u2019 trade secrets. The Obama administration\u2019s two-year-old strategy to aggressively fight foreign online espionage has done little to curb the theft of companies\u2019 trade secrets. An Obama Plan to Stop Foreign Hackers Has Mixed Results'), (u"German Carmakers May Need Help to Bid for Nokia's High-Tech Maps", u"German car companies may need help to compete with a wealthy field of bidders for Nokia's &lt;NOK1V.HDE&gt; high-tech mapping unit HERE, as the entry of technology company Uber into the fray signals interest from deep-pocketed Silicon Valley players,... German car companies may need help to compete with a wealthy field of bidders for Nokia's &lt;NOK1V.HDE&gt; high-tech mapping unit HERE, as the entry of technology company Uber into the fray signals interest from deep-pocketed Silicon Valley players, bankers and executives close to the deal said. German Carmakers May Need Help to Bid for Nokia's High-Tech Maps"), (u'An App That Helps Drivers Earn the Most From Their Trips', u'A free analytics site allows drivers to use their daily income, number of fares, working hours, expenses and mileage to calculate pay and determine profitable driving patterns. A free analytics site allows drivers to use their daily income, number of fares, working hours, expenses and mileage to calculate pay and determine profitable driving patterns. SherpaShare, free analytics app developed by founders Ryder Pierce and Jianming Zhou, helps drivers for livery services like Uber and Lyft track their efficiency; app is meant to help growing number of independent drivers track costs and understand how and where they make the most money. An App That Helps Drivers Earn the Most From Their Trips'), (u'Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation', u'The new capital will not be used primarily for expansion purposes, unlike Uber\u2019s previous financing rounds \u2014 instead, the funding is strategic, with an eye on partnerships. The new capital will not be used primarily for expansion purposes, unlike Uber\u2019s previous financing rounds \u2014 instead, the funding is strategic, with an eye on partnerships. Car-hailing app Uber is preparing new fund-raising that could total $1.5 billion, valuing firm at $50 billion; new capital is strategic with plan for partnerships. Uber Fund-Raising Points to $50 Billion Valuation'), (u'Seeing and Believing: Virtual Reality Set to Conquer Living Rooms', u'It sounded so promising. It sounded so promising. Seeing and Believing: Virtual Reality Set to Conquer Living Rooms'), (u"Cuba Says in Advanced Talks With China's Huawei Over Telecoms", u"Cuba is in advanced talks with Chinese telecoms equipment company Huawei to do more business on the Communist island, Cuban finance minister Lina Pedraza said on Friday. Cuba is in advanced talks with Chinese telecoms equipment company Huawei to do more business on the Communist island, Cuban finance minister Lina Pedraza said on Friday. Cuba Says in Advanced Talks With China's Huawei Over Telecoms"), (u'Daily Report: Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ', u'Almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook\u2019s News Feed present views that conflict with the user\u2019s own ideology, the study found. Almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook\u2019s News Feed present views that conflict with the user\u2019s own ideology, the study found. Daily Report: Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ'), (u'In Tech: Mobile App, Mobile Phone, Online TV', u'The iconic designer behind the simulation video games "Sim City" and "The Sims" wants people to tell stories visually on their mobile phones. The iconic designer behind the simulation video games "Sim City" and "The Sims" wants people to tell stories visually on their mobile phones. In Tech: Mobile App, Mobile Phone, Online TV'), (u'How to Use Siri, Google Now and Cortana Voice Commands', u'Get the most out of speech-recognition mobile assistants. Also, how to use speed-test websites to measure broadband speeds. Get the most out of speech-recognition mobile assistants. Also, how to use speed-test websites to measure broadband speeds. How to Use Siri, Google Now and Cortana Voice Commands'), (u'Uber Joins the Bidding for Here, Nokia\u2019s Digital Mapping Service', u'The battle to buy Here highlights the growing importance of digital mapping services as companies connect their products to the Internet. The battle to buy Here highlights the growing importance of digital mapping services as companies connect their products to the Internet. Uber submits $3 billion bid for Here, Nokia-owned service that is the main competitor to Google Maps, as part of its bid to expand into a logistics company; Uber currently relies heavily on Google for its livery and logistics services; heavy bidding highlights rising importance of digital mapping services as companies seek to connect their devices to the Internet. Uber Joins the Bidding for Here, Nokia\u2019s Digital Mapping Service'), (u'Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ', u"Almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook\u2019s News Feed present views that conflict with the user\u2019s own ideology, the study found. Almost 29 percent of the news stories displayed by Facebook\u2019s News Feed present views that conflict with the user\u2019s own ideology, the study found. Facebook data scientists, in study published in journal Science, report average of almost 29 percent of news stories posted by Facebook's News Feed give views that conflict with user's own ideology; study analyzed how 10.1 million partisan American users navigate site; ideological opposites clicked on more posts about other side's views than expected. Facebook Use Polarizing? Site Begs to Differ"), (u'Daily Report: Alibaba Names New Chief Executive and Reports Revenue Rise', u'The Chinese e-commerce giant said its chief operating officer would replace its chief executive, Jonathan Lu, who will remain on the board. The Chinese e-commerce giant said its chief operating officer would replace its chief executive, Jonathan Lu, who will remain on the board. Daily Report: Alibaba Names New Chief Executive and Reports Revenue Rise'), (u"Chinese Authorities Visit Uber's Chengdu Office", u"Authorities in China's southwestern city of Chengdu visited the offices of Uber on Wednesday as part of a new investigation into the online taxi-hailing service, a spokeswoman for Chengdu's transportation commission said. Authorities in China's southwestern city of Chengdu visited the offices of Uber on Wednesday as part of a new investigation into the online taxi-hailing service, a spokeswoman for Chengdu's transportation commission said.  Chinese Authorities Visit Uber's Chengdu Office"), (u'Zynga Is Trimming Its Staff and Its Game Ambitions', u'The game company will cut its work force by 18 percent and stop making sports video games. The game company will cut its work force by 18 percent and stop making sports video games. Zynga announces it will cut its work force by 18 percent, or 364 jobs, and depart the sports video-game category. Zynga Is Trimming Its Staff and Its Game Ambitions'), (u'Navy Robots Test the Limits of Autonomy', u'Naval engineers are working to develop technology like self-driving cars that can clear the way for a convoy full of troops. But in field tests, the autonomous future still seems far away. Naval engineers are working to develop technology like self-driving cars that can clear the way for a convoy full of troops. But in field tests, the autonomous future still seems far away. Navy Robots Test the Limits of Autonomy'), (u'Video Feature: Apps to Cope and Help in a Disaster', u'Apps from FEMA and the American Red Cross can aid in preparedness and in dealing with the aftermath of disaster. Apps from FEMA and the American Red Cross can aid in preparedness and in dealing with the aftermath of disaster. Kit Eaton App Smart column looks at apps from Federal Emergency Management Agency and American Red Cross that can help in event of disasters. Video Feature: Apps to Cope and Help in a Disaster'), (u'Relying on Product Reviews? Knowing How a Company Treats Its Customers Is Just as Valuable', u"Consumers may think they\u2019ve done their due diligence after reading reviews of the product they\u2019re planning to buy \u2014 but what about the company\u2019s customer service record? Consumers may think they\u2019ve done their due diligence after reading reviews of the product they\u2019re planning to buy \u2014 but what about the company\u2019s customer service record? Gadgetwise column observes that most product evaluations neglect to mention the quality of a company's customer service; Consumer Reports and J D Power occasionally mention customer service quality, but break ratings into separate report. Relying on Product Reviews? Knowing How a Company Treats Its Customers Is Just as Valuable"), (u'Two Retail Veterans Take Aim at Amazon\u2019s E-Commerce Reign', u'The start-ups Enjoy and Jet.com are hoping to knock Amazon off its perch as the leader of online shopping. The start-ups Enjoy and Jet.com are hoping to knock Amazon off its perch as the leader of online shopping. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column points out start-up Enjoy, headed by Ron Johnson, is selective online store that is attempting to challenge Amazon as king of e-commerce; says another start-up, Jet.com, steered by Marc Lore, is head-on competitor to Amazon, aiming to be nationwide giant with comparable selection, service and price. Two Retail Veterans Take Aim at Amazon\u2019s E-Commerce Reign'), (u'Snapping the Windows Screen', u"How to take screenshots on a Windows tablet, Also, how to use iPhoto after the latest Mac update replaces it with a different app. How to take screenshots on a Windows tablet, Also, how to use iPhoto after the latest Mac update replaces it with a different app. Personal Tech Q&A on taking screenshots on Windows tablet, and using iPhoto app after Mac update replaced it with Photos; offers Tip of the Week on skipping entering password to download free app with Apple's iOS 8.3 update. Snapping the Windows Screen"), (u'Samsung Elec Says New South Korea Chip Plant to Start Production in First Half of 2017', u'Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Thursday its new $14 billion South Korean chip plant, which is expected to help drive growth as smartphone earnings slow, will start production sometime in the first half of 2017. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd said on Thursday its new $14 billion South Korean chip plant, which is expected to help drive growth as smartphone earnings slow, will start production sometime in the first half of 2017. Samsung Elec Says New South Korea Chip Plant to Start Production in First Half of 2017'), (u"Facebook's Seattle Site Leader Leaves Company", u"The leader of Facebook Inc's fast-growing Seattle office left the company last month, a spokeswoman for the online social network told Reuters on Wednesday, a crucial personnel change at Facebook's largest engineering office outside of its Silicon... The leader of Facebook Inc's fast-growing Seattle office left the company last month, a spokeswoman for the online social network told Reuters on Wednesday, a crucial personnel change at Facebook's largest engineering office outside of its Silicon Valley headquarters.  Facebook's Seattle Site Leader Leaves Company"), (u'Oculus to Ship Virtual Reality Headsets in Early 2016', u'The virtual reality company, which was bought by Facebook last year for $2 billion, says it will begin shipping a consumer version of its flagship headset in the first quarter of 2016. Oculus has been developing the product for three years. The virtual reality company, which was bought by Facebook last year for $2 billion, says it will begin shipping a consumer version of its flagship headset in the first quarter of 2016. Oculus has been developing the product for three years. Oculus to Ship Virtual Reality Headsets in Early 2016'), (u"IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers", u"Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing... Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing personalized cancer treatments to more patients. IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers"), (u'EU Aims to Cut Sales Tax on Online Newspapers: Juncker', u"The EU executive will propose cutting the bloc's sales tax on online newspapers, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday, in a move that would bring them into line with print media. The EU executive will propose cutting the bloc's sales tax on online newspapers, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Wednesday, in a move that would bring them into line with print media. EU Aims to Cut Sales Tax on Online Newspapers: Juncker"), (u'Game Maker Activision Blizzard Raises Forecast as Digital Sales Grow', u'Videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc reported a 15 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by robust sales of its first person shooter game "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare". Videogame maker Activision Blizzard Inc reported a 15 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by robust sales of its first person shooter game "Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare". Game Maker Activision Blizzard Raises Forecast as Digital Sales Grow'), (u'Building the Autonomous Machine', u'Navy robotics engineers are working to develop autonomous tools that can integrate with other technologies. But in field tests, the autonomous future still seems far away. Navy robotics engineers are working to develop autonomous tools that can integrate with other technologies. But in field tests, the autonomous future still seems far away. Building the Autonomous Machine'), (u'App Smart | Be Prepared for Disaster', u'In the event of an emergency, your phone can be a lifeline in more ways than one. New apps give instructions on first aid, disaster preparedness and can help you find missing loved ones. In the event of an emergency, your phone can be a lifeline in more ways than one. New apps give instructions on first aid, disaster preparedness and can help you find missing loved ones. App Smart | Be Prepared for Disaster'), (u"Brain Technology Patents Soar as Companies Get Inside People's Heads", u'From ways to eavesdrop on brains and learn what advertisements excite consumers, to devices that alleviate depression, the number of U.S. patents awarded for "neurotechnology" has soared since 2010, according to an analysis released on Wednesday. From ways to eavesdrop on brains and learn what advertisements excite consumers, to devices that alleviate depression, the number of U.S. patents awarded for "neurotechnology" has soared since 2010, according to an analysis released on Wednesday. Brain Technology Patents Soar as Companies Get Inside People\'s Heads'), (u'Factbox-Leaders in U.S. Neurotechnology Patents', u'Leaders in neurotechnology, which ranges from noninvasive systems that use magnetic stimulation to treat depression to devices that let gamers control avatars with only their thoughts, include some expected medical-device companies but also several... Leaders in neurotechnology, which ranges from noninvasive systems that use magnetic stimulation to treat depression to devices that let gamers control avatars with only their thoughts, include some expected medical-device companies but also several surprises, according to an analysis by market-research firm SharpBrains. Its "IP Strength Index" reflects the number of patents as well as their breadth and influence: Factbox-Leaders in U.S. Neurotechnology Patents'), (u'Google Loses to LinkedIn in Silicon Valley Headquarters Pitch', u'Google\u2019s plans for a space-age new headquarters received a major blow from the Mountain View City Council, which awarded most of the city\u2019s future office space to another Internet company, LinkedIn. Google\u2019s plans for a space-age new headquarters received a major blow from the Mountain View City Council, which awarded most of the city\u2019s future office space to another Internet company, LinkedIn. Google Loses to LinkedIn in Silicon Valley Headquarters Pitch'), (u'U.S. Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School', u'New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends. New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends. U.S. Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School'), (u'Swatch CEO Says Will Release New Battery for Watches, Cars: Paper', u"Switzerland's Swatch Group plans to release a new long-life battery for smartwatches in 2016, the watchmaker's chief executive told a Swiss newspaper. Switzerland's Swatch Group plans to release a new long-life battery for smartwatches in 2016, the watchmaker's chief executive told a Swiss newspaper.  Swatch CEO Says Will Release New Battery for Watches, Cars: Paper"), (u'SIM Sales Soar as Myanmar Races to Catch Up in Telecoms', u"Myanmar, long one of the world's least connected nations in terms of telecommunications, is now racing to catch up, providing a boost to the foreign mobile companies allowed into the country last year. Myanmar, long one of the world's least connected nations in terms of telecommunications, is now racing to catch up, providing a boost to the foreign mobile companies allowed into the country last year. SIM Sales Soar as Myanmar Races to Catch Up in Telecoms"), (u'Oculus to Sell Virtual Reality Headsets for Consumers From Early 2016', u'Virtual reality technology company Oculus said it would start shipping the much-awaited consumer version of its Rift headset in the first quarter of 2016. Virtual reality technology company Oculus said it would start shipping the much-awaited consumer version of its Rift headset in the first quarter of 2016. Oculus to Sell Virtual Reality Headsets for Consumers From Early 2016'), (u'Daily Report: Silicon Valley Remembers Dave Goldberg', u'The worlds of technology, entertainment and politics converged to remember the chief of SurveyMonkey, who was also the husband of Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. The worlds of technology, entertainment and politics converged to remember the chief of SurveyMonkey, who was also the husband of Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. Daily Report: Silicon Valley Remembers Dave Goldberg'), (u'Lending Start-Up Affirm Raises $275 Million', u'Affirm, an ambitious consumer lending start-up based in San Francisco, will use the money to accelerate its growth plans. Affirm, an ambitious consumer lending start-up based in San Francisco, will use the money to accelerate its growth plans. Lending Start-Up Affirm Raises $275 Million'), (u'China Drone Maker DJI Wins Backing From Silicon Valley Investor', u'Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has secured one of its largest investments yet from a Silicon Valley venture capital firm that was an early backer of Internet pioneers such as Facebook Inc, Etsy Inc and Dropbox. Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has secured one of its largest investments yet from a Silicon Valley venture capital firm that was an early backer of Internet pioneers such as Facebook Inc, Etsy Inc and Dropbox. China Drone Maker DJI Wins Backing From Silicon Valley Investor'), (u'Lower Costs Help Motorola Solutions Beat Profit Estimates', u'Motorola Solutions Inc, a maker of walkie-talkies and radio systems, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by strong demand in North America and lower operating expenses. Motorola Solutions Inc, a maker of walkie-talkies and radio systems, reported a better-than-expected quarterly profit, helped by strong demand in North America and lower operating expenses. Lower Costs Help Motorola Solutions Beat Profit Estimates'), (u'Chinese Drone Maker DJI Gets Lift From Accel Investment', u'DJI, which has emerged as one of the leaders in the civilian market for drones, has raised $75 million from Accel in one of the largest investments ever by the venture capital firm. DJI, which has emerged as one of the leaders in the civilian market for drones, has raised $75 million from Accel in one of the largest investments ever by the venture capital firm. Chinese Drone Maker DJI Gets Lift From Accel Investment'), (u'SAP Takes More to the Cloud', u'The German enterprise software giant announces new ways that its most popular features can be recombined in the cloud to create new applications. It also has a new Internet of Things business. The German enterprise software giant announces new ways that its most popular features can be recombined in the cloud to create new applications. It also has a new Internet of Things business. SAP Takes More to the Cloud'), (u'Wickr Adds a New Chief Executive and a Nonprofit', u'The secure messaging app is splitting into two entities, a nonprofit organization that will focus on promoting privacy, and a business arm that will focus on licensing its encryption protocol to businesses. The secure messaging app is splitting into two entities, a nonprofit organization that will focus on promoting privacy, and a business arm that will focus on licensing its encryption protocol to businesses. Wickr Adds a New Chief Executive and a Nonprofit'), (u'Zenefits Raises Money (Again), Landing $4 Billion Valuation', u'Zenefits, a fast-growing software-as-a-service start-up raises $500 million in funding at a $4 billion valuation. Zenefits, a fast-growing software-as-a-service start-up raises $500 million in funding at a $4 billion valuation. Zenefits Raises Money (Again), Landing $4 Billion Valuation'), (u"Inmarsat's GlobalXpress Being Used in Nepal Ahead of Global Launch", u"The first of Inmarsat's high-capacity GlobalXpress satellites is being used in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake and ahead of a global launch for the technology set for later this year, the company said on Wednesday. The first of Inmarsat's high-capacity GlobalXpress satellites is being used in Nepal after the country was hit by an earthquake and ahead of a global launch for the technology set for later this year, the company said on Wednesday. Inmarsat's GlobalXpress Being Used in Nepal Ahead of Global Launch"), (u'Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Before Crash: Bild', u'The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild reported. The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild reported. Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Before Crash: Bild'), (u'Review: Small Life Enhancements Come With Apple Watch', u"Apple Watch isn't so much a lifestyle revolution as it is a collection of small enhancements that add up. Apple Watch isn't so much a lifestyle revolution as it is a collection of small enhancements that add up. Review: Small Life Enhancements Come With Apple Watch"), (u'IBM and Facebook in Marketing Partnership', u'IBM and Facebook are forming a marketing partnership. It combines their data skills to help retailers and consumer brands move toward personalized marketing. IBM and Facebook are forming a marketing partnership. It combines their data skills to help retailers and consumer brands move toward personalized marketing. IBM and Facebook in Marketing Partnership'), (u'Dave Goldberg Mourned by Charmed Leaders of Tech and Poker Buddies', u'The worlds of technology, entertainment and politics converged to remember the chief of SurveyMonkey, who was the husband of Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. The worlds of technology, entertainment and politics converged to remember the chief of SurveyMonkey, who was the husband of Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook. Some 1,700 people, including prominent figures from technology, entertainment and politics, attend memorial service for Dave Goldberg, who died from head injuries after a fall while traveling in Mexico with his wife Sheryl Sandberg. Dave Goldberg Mourned by Charmed Leaders of Tech and Poker Buddies'), (u"Tea to Tech: China's Cybersecurity Push Sparks a 'Gold Rush'", u"Zhang Long made his fortune selling Pu'er fermented tea and handcrafted furniture from the mountains of his native Yunnan Province in southwest China. Zhang Long made his fortune selling Pu'er fermented tea and handcrafted furniture from the mountains of his native Yunnan Province in southwest China. Tea to Tech: China's Cybersecurity Push Sparks a 'Gold Rush'"), (u'Uber Ceases Kansas Operations in Face of Stricter Oversight', u'Ride-hailing service Uber on Tuesday said it ceased operations in Kansas after the state legislature decided to override Governor Sam Brownback&#8217;s veto of a bill that will impose stricter regulations on ride-hailing services. Ride-hailing service Uber on Tuesday said it ceased operations in Kansas after the state legislature decided to override Governor Sam Brownback&#8217;s veto of a bill that will impose stricter regulations on ride-hailing services. Uber Ceases Kansas Operations in Face of Stricter Oversight'), (u'The Lessons Google Ventures Learned From Secret', u'Bill Maris of Google Ventures explains why the firm was only willing to invest in the start-up Secret up to a point. Bill Maris of Google Ventures explains why the firm was only willing to invest in the start-up Secret up to a point. The Lessons Google Ventures Learned From Secret'), (u'Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Descent on Outbound Flight Before Crash: Report', u'The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild said on Tuesday. The Germanwings co-pilot suspected of deliberately crashing a plane in the French Alps in March, killing all 150 people on board, practiced a descent on the previous flight, German newspaper Bild said on Tuesday. Germanwings Co-Pilot Practiced Descent on Outbound Flight Before Crash: Report'), (u'Nvidia to Wind Down Icera Modem Operations', u'Nvidia Corp said it would wind down its Icera modem operations, and was open to a sale of the technology or operations. Nvidia Corp said it would wind down its Icera modem operations, and was open to a sale of the technology or operations. Nvidia to Wind Down Icera Modem Operations'), (u"Game Publisher EA's Profit, Revenue Trump Estimates", u'Video game publisher Electronic Arts Inc, known for titles such as "FIFA" and "Madden NFL", posted a 5.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by growth in its digital business, which includes software distributed through direct downloads. Video game publisher Electronic Arts Inc, known for titles such as "FIFA" and "Madden NFL", posted a 5.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by growth in its digital business, which includes software distributed through direct downloads. Game Publisher EA\'s Profit, Revenue Trump Estimates'), (u'US Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School', u'New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends. New York City programmer Bana Malik was passionate about computers and mathematics from an early age, a video games enthusiast and email user way before many of her male friends. US Tech Industry Needs Women, Must Interest Them at School'), (u"IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers", u"Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing... Fourteen U.S. and Canadian cancer institutes will use  International Business Machines Corp's Watson computer system to choose therapies based on a tumor's genetic fingerprints, the company said on Tuesday, the latest step toward bringing personalized cancer treatments to more patients. IBM's Watson to Guide Cancer Therapies at 14 Centers"), (u'Firms Could Record Some Phone Calls Without Consent Under California Bill', u'Companies would no longer have to tell consumers they are recording some cellphone conversations until 20 seconds into the calls under a bill approved Tuesday by a committee in the California legislature. Companies would no longer have to tell consumers they are recording some cellphone conversations until 20 seconds into the calls under a bill approved Tuesday by a committee in the California legislature. Firms Could Record Some Phone Calls Without Consent Under California Bill'), (u'Google Pushes Advertisers to Smaller Screens', u'Google is trying to get advertisers to spend more on mobile screens that account for a majority of searches in the United States. Google is trying to get advertisers to spend more on mobile screens that account for a majority of searches in the United States. Google Pushes Advertisers to Smaller Screens'), (u'Siemens, Regulator Deny China Bribery Report', u'Siemens AG and China\'s State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), a competition regulator, denied a Reuters report that the SAIC investigated the German group\'s healthcare unit and its dealers for "commercial bribery". Siemens AG and China\'s State Administration for Industry and Commerce (SAIC), a competition regulator, denied a Reuters report that the SAIC investigated the German group\'s healthcare unit and its dealers for "commercial bribery". Siemens, Regulator Deny China Bribery Report'), (u'Nokia Could Decide to Keep Navigation Unit: Chairman', u'Telecom network equipment maker Nokia could decide not to sell its navigation business HERE when it has completed a review of the unit, its chairman said. Telecom network equipment maker Nokia could decide not to sell its navigation business HERE when it has completed a review of the unit, its chairman said. Nokia Could Decide to Keep Navigation Unit: Chairman'), (u'Daily Report: Change of the Old Guard at Cisco', u'John Chambers, chief of Cisco since 1995, will step down on July 26. The transition is another sign of a generational shift in Silicon Valley. John Chambers, chief of Cisco since 1995, will step down on July 26. The transition is another sign of a generational shift in Silicon Valley. Daily Report: Change of the Old Guard at Cisco'), (u'JetBlue Airways and Amazon.com Agree to Stream Media In-Flight', u"JetBlue Airways Corp and Amazon.com Inc have agreed to stream television, movies and music from the Internet retailer in-flight, broadening travelers' entertainment options, the companies said Tuesday. JetBlue Airways Corp and Amazon.com Inc have agreed to stream television, movies and music from the Internet retailer in-flight, broadening travelers' entertainment options, the companies said Tuesday. JetBlue Airways and Amazon.com Agree to Stream Media In-Flight"), (u'Rocket Internet Portfolio Value Up 77 Percent From Market Listing', u'German e-commerce company Rocket Internet on Tuesday reported that the loan portfolio value of its investments has risen by 2.0 billion euros ($2.23 billion) since its initial public offering last October due in part to its push into online takeaway... German e-commerce company Rocket Internet on Tuesday reported that the loan portfolio value of its investments has risen by 2.0 billion euros ($2.23 billion) since its initial public offering last October due in part to its push into online takeaway delivery. Rocket Internet Portfolio Value Up 77 Percent From Market Listing'), (u'U.S. Jury Orders Motorola Mobility to Pay $10 Million in Fujifilm Patent Suit', u"Motorola Mobility said a U.S. jury ordered the company to pay $10.2 million in damages for using Fujifilm Corp's patented technology in its phones without permission. Motorola Mobility said a U.S. jury ordered the company to pay $10.2 million in damages for using Fujifilm Corp's patented technology in its phones without permission. U.S. Jury Orders Motorola Mobility to Pay $10 Million in Fujifilm Patent Suit"), (u'With Boxing Match, Video Piracy Battle Enters Latest Round: Mobile Apps', u'With the Mayweather-Pacquiao bout, live streaming from mobile apps was just one of the new piracy headaches facing media companies. With the Mayweather-Pacquiao bout, live streaming from mobile apps was just one of the new piracy headaches facing media companies. Media companies are facing new piracy problems, including live streaming from mobile apps, as was case with unauthorized broadcasts of Floyd Mayweather-Manny Pacquiaco welterweight boxing match; firms are increasing efforts to battle Popcorn Time app, which facilitates easy use of old BitTorrent file-sharing technology. With Boxing Match, Video Piracy Battle Enters Latest Round: Mobile Apps'), (u'Apple TV Remote Expected to Add Touch Pad in Redesign', u"When Apple introduces its new TV box this summer, the remote control will gain a touch pad and also be slightly thicker than the current version. When Apple introduces its new TV box this summer, the remote control will gain a touch pad and also be slightly thicker than the current version. Apple's new TV remote control box will feature an added touch pad and be a little thicker than current model; Internet-TV subscription service may follow. Apple TV Remote Expected to Add Touch Pad in Redesign"), (u'Dave Goldberg, Silicon Valley Executive, Died of Head Trauma, Mexican Official Says', u'The chief of SurveyMonkey, who was married to Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, collapsed while exercising at a Mexican resort, according to a government official. The chief of SurveyMonkey, who was married to Sheryl Sandberg of Facebook, collapsed while exercising at a Mexican resort, according to a government official. Mexican official says SurveyMonkey chief executive Dave Goldberg died of head trauma suffered in fall at resort gym in Mexico; he was husband of Facebook executive Sheryl K Sandberg. Dave Goldberg, Silicon Valley Executive, Died of Head Trauma, Mexican Official Says'), (u'John Chambers Steps Aside at Cisco as Generational Shift Arrives', u"Mr. Chambers, one of the longest-serving chiefs of a public Silicon Valley company, will step down on July 26. Mr. Chambers, one of the longest-serving chiefs of a public Silicon Valley company, will step down on July 26. Cisco Systems chief executive John T Chambers, 65, is stepping down July 26, and will be succeeded by Charles H Robbins, 49; transition is another indication of generational change in Silicon Valley; firm was briefly world's most valuable company, but even in wake of Internet boom, it remains an industry leader. John Chambers Steps Aside at Cisco as Generational Shift Arrives"), (u'Joseph Lechleider, a Father of the DSL Internet Technology, Dies at 82', u'Mr. Lechleider helped invent DSL technology, which enabled phone companies to offer high-speed web access over their infrastructure of copper wires. Mr. Lechleider helped invent DSL technology, which enabled phone companies to offer high-speed web access over their infrastructure of copper wires. Joseph W Lechleider, Bell engineer who helped invent DSL technology, dies at age 82. Joseph Lechleider, a Father of the DSL Internet Technology, Dies at 82'), (u'Brazil Judge Lifts Injunction Suspending Uber Ride-Share Service', u'A Brazilian judge on Monday struck down an injunction issued last week calling for the suspension of the U.S-based Uber ride-sharing service throughout the country. A Brazilian judge on Monday struck down an injunction issued last week calling for the suspension of the U.S-based Uber ride-sharing service throughout the country. Brazil Judge Lifts Injunction Suspending Uber Ride-Share Service'), (u"Mexico Says No Criminal Probe Planned in Death of SurveyMonkey's Goldberg", u"Mexican authorities have no plans for a criminal investigation into the death of SurveyMonkey CEO Dave Goldberg after autopsy results showed it was accidental and there were no signs of violence, the local state prosecutor's office said on Monday. Mexican authorities have no plans for a criminal investigation into the death of SurveyMonkey CEO Dave Goldberg after autopsy results showed it was accidental and there were no signs of violence, the local state prosecutor's office said on Monday. Mexico Says No Criminal Probe Planned in Death of SurveyMonkey's Goldberg"), (u'The Path to a Wearable Future Lies in Academia', u'For a glimpse of what is, what might have been and what may lie ahead in wearable devices, look beyond branded tech and Silicon Valley start-ups to the messy labs, dry papers and solemn conferences of academia. For a glimpse of what is, what might have been and what may lie ahead in wearable devices, look beyond branded tech and Silicon Valley start-ups to the messy labs, dry papers and solemn conferences of academia. The Path to a Wearable Future Lies in Academia'), (u'AltSchool Raises $100 Million and Plans to Open More Schools', u'AltSchool operates four schools in the San Francisco area with tuition at around $20,000 annually. AltSchool operates four schools in the San Francisco area with tuition at around $20,000 annually. AltSchool Raises $100 Million and Plans to Open More Schools'), (u'Daily Report: Dave Goldberg Was Lifelong Women&rsquo;s Advocate', u'The late chief executive of SurveyMonkey and husband of the Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg was raised around \u201cwoman power\u201d and was an avid supporter of female achievement. The late chief executive of SurveyMonkey and husband of the Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg was raised around \u201cwoman power\u201d and was an avid supporter of female achievement. Daily Report: Dave Goldberg Was Lifelong Women&rsquo;s Advocate'), (u'Cisco&apos;s John Chambers to Step Down as C.E.O.', u'Cisco Systems said John Chambers would step down to become executive chairman and 17-year company veteran Chuck Robbins would become chief executive. Cisco Systems said John Chambers would step down to become executive chairman and 17-year company veteran Chuck Robbins would become chief executive. Cisco&apos;s John Chambers to Step Down as C.E.O.'), (u'Facebook Opens Internet.org to Developers Amid Open Web Debate in India', u'Facebook Inc is launching an open platform for online content and application developers to join its Internet.org service, in a move the social media giant said would boost efforts to get people online in low-income and rural areas in emerging... Facebook Inc is launching an open platform for online content and application developers to join its Internet.org service, in a move the social media giant said would boost efforts to get people online in low-income and rural areas in emerging markets. Facebook Opens Internet.org to Developers Amid Open Web Debate in India'), (u'Dave Goldberg Was Lifelong Women\u2019s Advocate', u'The late chief executive of SurveyMonkey and husband of the Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg was raised around \u201cwoman power\u201d and was an avid supporter of female achievement. The late chief executive of SurveyMonkey and husband of the Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg was raised around \u201cwoman power\u201d and was an avid supporter of female achievement. Friends and family recall life of late SurveyMonkey chief executive Dave Goldberg, husband of Facebook executive Sheryl Sandberg, who died suddenly at age 47; Goldberg was a lifelong women\u2019s advocate, and first major chief executive to spur his wife to become as successful in business as he was. Dave Goldberg Was Lifelong Women\u2019s Advocate'), (u'Start-Ups Try to Challenge Google, at Least on Mobile Search', u'Venture capitalists, intimidated by Google search for a decade, have begun investing hundreds of millions in new search efforts for mobile phones. Venture capitalists, intimidated by Google search for a decade, have begun investing hundreds of millions in new search efforts for mobile phones. Bobby Lo, founder of San Francisco start-up Vurb, is one of growing entrepreneurs who believe that rise of mobile phones has created opportunity to challenge Google in search; eMarketer projects that smartphone users in United States will spend 81 percent of their time on mobile Internet inside applications, and 19 percent on the web. Start-Ups Try to Challenge Google, at Least on Mobile Search'), (u'Senate Panel Raises Privacy Concerns in White House Hacking Incident', u'The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee has written President Barack Obama over concerns that a recently reported data breach on the White House computer system might have compromised the personal information of many Americans. The U.S. Senate Commerce Committee has written President Barack Obama over concerns that a recently reported data breach on the White House computer system might have compromised the personal information of many Americans. Senate Panel Raises Privacy Concerns in White House Hacking Incident'), (u'40 Busy Years Later, Paul Allen, a Microsoft Founder, Considers His Creation', u'Paul Allen, who founded Microsoft with Bill Gates 40 years ago, says the most daunting task the company faces is getting momentum in the mobile market. Paul Allen, who founded Microsoft with Bill Gates 40 years ago, says the most daunting task the company faces is getting momentum in the mobile market. 40 Busy Years Later, Paul Allen, a Microsoft Founder, Considers His Creation'), (u'German Prosecutors Launch Investigation of Spying Charges', u"Germany's top public prosecutor will look into accusations that the country's BND foreign intelligence agency violated laws by helping the United States spy on officials and firms in Europe, including Airbus group, the federal prosecutors office... Germany's top public prosecutor will look into accusations that the country's BND foreign intelligence agency violated laws by helping the United States spy on officials and firms in Europe, including Airbus group, the federal prosecutors office said. German Prosecutors Launch Investigation of Spying Charges"), (u'Microsoft (Yes, Microsoft) Has a Far-Out Vision ', u'The reshaped Microsoft that Satya Nadella, the new chief executive, envisions has fewer internal fiefs and is more willing to favor big bets on new technologies over protecting legacy cash cows. The reshaped Microsoft that Satya Nadella, the new chief executive, envisions has fewer internal fiefs and is more willing to favor big bets on new technologies over protecting legacy cash cows. New Microsoft chief executive Satya Nadella is already pursuing new vision for company, aiming to trim its internal fiefs in order to make room for innovation; says company has learned from its past mistakes, and understands the need to make bets on new technologies, even at the cost of legacy cash cows. Microsoft (Yes, Microsoft) Has a Far-Out Vision '), (u"SurveyMonkey CEO, Husband of Facebook's Sandberg, Dies", u"SurveyMonkey CEO and husband of Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, Dave Goldberg, died unexpectedly on Friday night, his brother wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday. SurveyMonkey CEO and husband of Facebook Chief Operating Officer Sheryl Sandberg, Dave Goldberg, died unexpectedly on Friday night, his brother wrote in a Facebook post on Saturday. SurveyMonkey CEO, Husband of Facebook's Sandberg, Dies"), (u'What an Android Update May Get You', u'An Android update may be particularly helpful to users of Nexus 7 tablets, and resources on the web can give users an idea of what to expect. An Android update may be particularly helpful to users of Nexus 7 tablets, and resources on the web can give users an idea of what to expect. What an Android Update May Get You'), (u'The Rise of Emoji on Instagram Is Causing Language Repercussions', u'The use of emoji \u2014 the collection of happy faces and other images that can be used to communicate feelings and sentiments \u2014 has become so pervasive on Instagram that the use of Internet slang formed from letters has decreased. The use of emoji \u2014 the collection of happy faces and other images that can be used to communicate feelings and sentiments \u2014 has become so pervasive on Instagram that the use of Internet slang formed from letters has decreased. The Rise of Emoji on Instagram Is Causing Language Repercussions'), (u'Inked and Irked: Apple Watch Users Report Tattoo Problems', u"It's an annoying problem for the unlucky few: the Apple Watch's heart rate monitor might not work if you have a tattoo on your wrist. It's an annoying problem for the unlucky few: the Apple Watch's heart rate monitor might not work if you have a tattoo on your wrist. Inked and Irked: Apple Watch Users Report Tattoo Problems"), (u'Daily Report: Social Media Companies Take a Beating as Results Fall Short', u'The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations. The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations. Daily Report: Social Media Companies Take a Beating as Results Fall Short'), (u'China Blames Hacking Attack for Recent Internet Problems', u'A hacking attack using malware from overseas servers was to blame for Internet problems in China earlier this week that prevented users accessing a number of popular foreign websites, an official state-run newspaper said on Friday. A hacking attack using malware from overseas servers was to blame for Internet problems in China earlier this week that prevented users accessing a number of popular foreign websites, an official state-run newspaper said on Friday. China Blames Hacking Attack for Recent Internet Problems'), (u'Bezos Spaceship Completes Its First Test Flight ', u'Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com, said in a statement that the spacecraft reached 58 miles high and parachuted to a landing in the West Texas desert. Jeff Bezos, chief executive of Amazon.com, said in a statement that the spacecraft reached 58 miles high and parachuted to a landing in the West Texas desert. Blue Origin, private space company, initiates its first test flight, launching unmanned spacecraft 58 miles over Texas desert; company, founded by Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos, is hoping to send passengers on suborbital trips. Bezos Spaceship Completes Its First Test Flight '), (u'Social Media Punished as Results Fall Short', u'The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations. The performances illustrate the way investors are questioning whether social media companies can keep their growth rates vigorous enough to justify their valuations. LinkedIn shares plunge as much as 25 percent in after-hours trading due to dissapointing second-quarter report; follows similarly dramatic drop-offs at Twitter and Yelp; trend may indicate that Wall Street is tiring of financial missteps by some of its Internet darlings, and raises question of whether social media companies will truly be able to maintain growth rates that justify their outsize valuations. Social Media Punished as Results Fall Short'), (u'Apple, IBM and Japan Post See Profit in the Old-Age Market', u'Apple, IBM and Japan Post are partnering to provide a technology service for older adults. The venture reflects the larger ambitions of each company. Apple, IBM and Japan Post are partnering to provide a technology service for older adults. The venture reflects the larger ambitions of each company. Apple, IBM and Japan Post See Profit in the Old-Age Market'), (u'Free Medical for In-Laws Helps Indian Tech Start-Ups Woo Talent Back From America', u"After losing top engineering talent for years to America's tech heartland of Silicon Valley, India is luring them back as an e-commerce boom sparks a thriving start-up culture, unprecedented pay, and perks including free healthcare for in-laws. After losing top engineering talent for years to America's tech heartland of Silicon Valley, India is luring them back as an e-commerce boom sparks a thriving start-up culture, unprecedented pay, and perks including free healthcare for in-laws. Free Medical for In-Laws Helps Indian Tech Start-Ups Woo Talent Back From America"), (u'California ACLU Group Launches App to Record Possible Police Misconduct', u"A California civil liberties group launched a mobile application on Thursday that will let bystanders record cell phone videos of possible cases of police misconduct and then quickly save the footage to the organization's computer servers. A California civil liberties group launched a mobile application on Thursday that will let bystanders record cell phone videos of possible cases of police misconduct and then quickly save the footage to the organization's computer servers. California ACLU Group Launches App to Record Possible Police Misconduct"), (u'LinkedIn Slashes Full-Year Profit Forecast', u'Corporate networking site LinkedIn Corp reported a 34.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue, driven by strength in its hiring business. Corporate networking site LinkedIn Corp reported a 34.8 percent rise in quarterly revenue, driven by strength in its hiring business. LinkedIn Slashes Full-Year Profit Forecast'), (u'FireEye Raises Revenue Forecast as Demand for Cybersecurity Rises', u'Cybersecurity company FireEye Inc reported a 69.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by a 71 percent jump in subscription and services revenues. Cybersecurity company FireEye Inc reported a 69.5 percent rise in quarterly revenue, helped by a 71 percent jump in subscription and services revenues. FireEye Raises Revenue Forecast as Demand for Cybersecurity Rises'), (u'Bid to End Mass Collection of Phone Data Advances in Congress', u"A bill to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data advanced in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1. A bill to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data advanced in the U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1. Bid to End Mass Collection of Phone Data Advances in Congress"), (u'Tesla Hunts for New Revenue in Home Storage Batteries', u"Tesla Motors Inc shares slipped Thursday after a month-long surge ahead of Chief Executive Elon Musk's expected announcement that the money-losing electric luxury car maker will seek new revenues from batteries for storing electricity at homes and... Tesla Motors Inc shares slipped Thursday after a month-long surge ahead of Chief Executive Elon Musk's expected announcement that the money-losing electric luxury car maker will seek new revenues from batteries for storing electricity at homes and businesses. Tesla Hunts for New Revenue in Home Storage Batteries"), (u'Apple Watch Has Lowest Hardware Cost to Price: IHS', u"Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple product, according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study. Apple Inc's Watch has the lowest ratio of hardware costs to retail price across any Apple product, according to a preliminary estimate by research firm IHS after a teardown study. Apple Watch Has Lowest Hardware Cost to Price: IHS"), (u'U.S. Switches Air Traffic Control to New Computer System', u'The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has switched much of the U.S. air traffic control system to a new advanced computer system designed to reduce flight delays and improve aircraft fuel efficiency, officials said on Thursday. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has switched much of the U.S. air traffic control system to a new advanced computer system designed to reduce flight delays and improve aircraft fuel efficiency, officials said on Thursday. U.S. Switches Air Traffic Control to New Computer System'), (u'FCC Seeks to Consolidate Net Neutrality Cases in Washington Court', u'The U.S. Federal Communications Commission wants a federal appeals court in Washington to hear the cases against its new internet regulations, according to court documents filed on Thursday. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission wants a federal appeals court in Washington to hear the cases against its new internet regulations, according to court documents filed on Thursday. FCC Seeks to Consolidate Net Neutrality Cases in Washington Court'), (u"Obama's BRAIN Initiative Yields First Study Results", u"The mouse walked, the mouse stopped; the mouse ignored a bowl of food, then scampered back and gobbled it up, and it was all controlled by neuroscientists, researchers reported on Thursday. The mouse walked, the mouse stopped; the mouse ignored a bowl of food, then scampered back and gobbled it up, and it was all controlled by neuroscientists, researchers reported on Thursday. Obama's BRAIN Initiative Yields First Study Results"), (u"Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company Test-Flies Suborbital Spaceship", u"Blue Origin, a startup space company owned by Amazon.com chief Jeff Bezos, launched an experimental suborbital spaceship from Texas, the first in a series of test flights to develop commercial unmanned and passenger spaceflight services, the company... Blue Origin, a startup space company owned by Amazon.com chief Jeff Bezos, launched an experimental suborbital spaceship from Texas, the first in a series of test flights to develop commercial unmanned and passenger spaceflight services, the company said on Thursday. Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company Test-Flies Suborbital Spaceship"), (u'Apple, IBM Announce Partnership With Japan Post to Improve Elderly Care', u'Apple Inc and International Business Machine Corp have teamed up with Japan Post Holdings Co to improve caregiver and monitoring services for the elderly in Japan, the companies announced on Thursday. Apple Inc and International Business Machine Corp have teamed up with Japan Post Holdings Co to improve caregiver and monitoring services for the elderly in Japan, the companies announced on Thursday.  Apple, IBM Announce Partnership With Japan Post to Improve Elderly Care'), (u'Apple, IBM, Japan Post Team Up to Improve Elderly Care', u'Apple, IBM and Japanese insurance and bank holding company Japan Post have formed a partnership to improve the lives of elderly people in the country. Apple, IBM and Japanese insurance and bank holding company Japan Post have formed a partnership to improve the lives of elderly people in the country. Apple, IBM, Japan Post Team Up to Improve Elderly Care'), (u'OmniVision to Be Bought by Chinese Investors in $1.9 Billion Deal', u'OmniVision Technologies Inc, a maker of chips for smartphone and tablet cameras, agreed to be taken private by a group of Chinese investors for about $1.9 billion in cash. OmniVision Technologies Inc, a maker of chips for smartphone and tablet cameras, agreed to be taken private by a group of Chinese investors for about $1.9 billion in cash. OmniVision to Be Bought by Chinese Investors in $1.9 Billion Deal'), (u'Daily Report: Secret to Shut Down', u'Secret\u2019s rapid rise and fall illustrates the flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley\u2019s current technology boom. Secret\u2019s rapid rise and fall illustrates the flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley\u2019s current technology boom. Daily Report: Secret to Shut Down'), (u'Obama to Announce Free e-Books for Low-Income Kids', u"President Barack Obama will go to a public library in one of Washington's poorest neighborhoods on Thursday to talk about a plan to give low-income children access to 10,000 e-books. President Barack Obama will go to a public library in one of Washington's poorest neighborhoods on Thursday to talk about a plan to give low-income children access to 10,000 e-books. Obama to Announce Free e-Books for Low-Income Kids"), (u'China Issues Details on New Resource Tax Structure for Rare Earth, Metals', u'China issued details on a new resource tax structure for rare earth and metals that will be based on prices instead of volumes, effective from May 1, the Ministry of Finance said on Thursday. China issued details on a new resource tax structure for rare earth and metals that will be based on prices instead of volumes, effective from May 1, the Ministry of Finance said on Thursday. China Issues Details on New Resource Tax Structure for Rare Earth, Metals'), (u'Property Portal Zoopla Buys Price Comparison Site uSwitch', u'British property search website Zoopla said it was buying price comparison service uSwitch for 160 million pounds ($247 million) to offer home energy deals to customers that visit its websites and mobile apps. British property search website Zoopla said it was buying price comparison service uSwitch for 160 million pounds ($247 million) to offer home energy deals to customers that visit its websites and mobile apps. Property Portal Zoopla Buys Price Comparison Site uSwitch'), (u'Nokia Downplays Shareholder Opposition to Alcatel-Lucent Deal', u'Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri defended the terms of its pending acquisition of smaller telecom gear maker Alcatel-Lucent after a shareholder criticized them as unacceptable. Nokia Chief Executive Rajeev Suri defended the terms of its pending acquisition of smaller telecom gear maker Alcatel-Lucent after a shareholder criticized them as unacceptable. Nokia Downplays Shareholder Opposition to Alcatel-Lucent Deal'), (u'Abe, Seeking New Spark for Japan High-Tech, Meets Silicon Valley Chiefs', u'In the 1980s when Sony and Toshiba were setting the agenda in the global TV and memory chip markets Japan was bristling with confidence as a hub of technological innovation. In the 1980s when Sony and Toshiba were setting the agenda in the global TV and memory chip markets Japan was bristling with confidence as a hub of technological innovation. Abe, Seeking New Spark for Japan High-Tech, Meets Silicon Valley Chiefs'), (u'Twitter Troubles Lie in Marketers\u2019 Reluctance to Buy New Kind of Ad', u"Twitter&#8217;s shares have been punished since it reported its earnings because advertisers and investors are having trouble figuring it out. Twitter&#8217;s shares have been punished since it reported its earnings because advertisers and investors are having trouble figuring it out. Twitter reports slower-than-expected ad sales growth in its first quarter report, citing advertisers' reticence in spending on direct-response ads, a newer offering from the social networking company. Twitter Troubles Lie in Marketers\u2019 Reluctance to Buy New Kind of Ad"), (u'A Founder of Secret, the Anonymous Social App, Is Shutting It Down', u"Secret&#8217;s rapid rise and fall illustrates the flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley&#8217;s current technology boom. Secret&#8217;s rapid rise and fall illustrates the flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley&#8217;s current technology boom. Anonymous smartphone app start-up Secret, which quickly rose and crashed as use declined, portrays flash-in-the-pan nature of Silicon Valley's current technology boom; co-founder David Byttow closed firm. A Founder of Secret, the Anonymous Social App, Is Shutting It Down"), (u'Electronic Bidet Toilet Seat Is the Luxury You Won\u2019t Want to Live Without', u'A toilet seat that warms and cleans has been used widely abroad for decades, but is just beginning to catch on in the United States. A toilet seat that warms and cleans has been used widely abroad for decades, but is just beginning to catch on in the United States. Gadgetwise blog; American plumbing fixtures companies report nascent, but growing, market for bidet toilet seats. Electronic Bidet Toilet Seat Is the Luxury You Won\u2019t Want to Live Without'), (u'With Patent Litigation Surging, Creators Turn to Washington for Help', u'A Senate bill introduced on Wednesday was aimed at slowing so-called patent trolls, companies whose principal business is generating suits rather than producing products. A Senate bill introduced on Wednesday was aimed at slowing so-called patent trolls, companies whose principal business is generating suits rather than producing products. Senate legislation is targeted at slowing so-called patent trolls, by making it harder and more expensive for companies to bring lots of patent suits; push for overhaul is generated by rise of patent litigation. With Patent Litigation Surging, Creators Turn to Washington for Help'), (u'Instacart\u2019s Bet on Online Grocery Shopping', u'The company delivers groceries bought by personal shoppers, and its growth may be in the double digits. But deep questions remain. The company delivers groceries bought by personal shoppers, and its growth may be in the double digits. But deep questions remain. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column discusses start-up Instacart, which delivers groceries bought by personal shoppers; says future growth might be in double digits, but it remains very big bet; wonders whether firm can profit enough from each order to justify its valuation, and whether sales gains can be sustained. Instacart\u2019s Bet on Online Grocery Shopping'), (u'Video Feature: Astronomy Apps for Getting to Know the Starry Night Skies', u'A series of apps fill in information on the darkened sky, from red dwarf stars to the International Space Station. A series of apps fill in information on the darkened sky, from red dwarf stars to the International Space Station. Kit Eaton App Smart column highlights mobile applications that aid stargazers in understanding the night sky. Video Feature: Astronomy Apps for Getting to Know the Starry Night Skies'), (u'Repurposing an Old iPhone', u"How to give an old iPhone to a friend for use with Wi-Fi, to surf and use apps. How to give an old iPhone to a friend for use with Wi-Fi, to surf and use apps. Personal Tech Q&A on storing digital movies on Microsoft's OneDrive server; restoring an old iPhone to factory settings; Tip of the Week on using emoji pictographs on mobile- and desktop-generated tweets. Repurposing an Old iPhone"), (u'China Search Giant Baidu Posts Slowest Revenue Growth Since 2008', u"China's dominant Internet search engine Baidu Inc on Thursday posted its slowest revenue growth rate in almost seven years in the first quarter of 2015, as customers spent less money on its core online marketing business. China's dominant Internet search engine Baidu Inc on Thursday posted its slowest revenue growth rate in almost seven years in the first quarter of 2015, as customers spent less money on its core online marketing business. China Search Giant Baidu Posts Slowest Revenue Growth Since 2008"), (u'Eyeing Exports, China Steps Up Research Into Military Drones', u'China is stepping up research into military drones as its arms industry looks to increase export volumes, hoping to gain traction with cheaper technology and a willingness to sell to countries Western states are reluctant to. China is stepping up research into military drones as its arms industry looks to increase export volumes, hoping to gain traction with cheaper technology and a willingness to sell to countries Western states are reluctant to.  Eyeing Exports, China Steps Up Research Into Military Drones'), (u'Gemalto Reports 19 Percent Rise in Q1 Revenue', u'Mobile chip and smart card maker Gemalto reported a 19 percent rise in first-quarter sales on constant exchange rates, its first release of results since finalizing the acquisition of U.S. data security company SafeNet in January. Mobile chip and smart card maker Gemalto reported a 19 percent rise in first-quarter sales on constant exchange rates, its first release of results since finalizing the acquisition of U.S. data security company SafeNet in January. Gemalto Reports 19 Percent Rise in Q1 Revenue'), (u'Glu Mobile Adds Britney Spears to Celebrity Game Roster', u"Britney Spears is joining Kim Kardashian and Katy Perry on Glu Mobile's roster of celebrity mobile games, the company said on Wednesday. Britney Spears is joining Kim Kardashian and Katy Perry on Glu Mobile's roster of celebrity mobile games, the company said on Wednesday. Glu Mobile Adds Britney Spears to Celebrity Game Roster"), (u'Defective Component Slowed Apple Watch Rollout: WSJ', u'Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Apple Inc limited availability of the Apple Watch after a key component supplied by a Chinese company was found to be defective, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, citing people familiar with the matter. Defective Component Slowed Apple Watch Rollout: WSJ'), (u'Hands Free Talk With Global Reach and Style', u'By Ben Gruber By Ben Gruber Hands Free Talk With Global Reach and Style'), (u'Microsoft Takes Steps to Close Its App Gap on Mobile Devices', u'Microsoft has steadily lost influence in the technology industry as software developers gravitated to mobile technologies like Google\u2019s Android and Apple\u2019s iOS. Microsoft has steadily lost influence in the technology industry as software developers gravitated to mobile technologies like Google\u2019s Android and Apple\u2019s iOS. Microsoft Takes Steps to Close Its App Gap on Mobile Devices'), (u"Apple Says EU Probe of Irish Tax Policy Could Be 'Material'", u'Apple Inc said the European Commission\'s investigation into Ireland\'s tax treatment of multinationals could have a "material" impact if it was determined that Dublin\'s tax policies represented unfair state aid. Apple Inc said the European Commission\'s investigation into Ireland\'s tax treatment of multinationals could have a "material" impact if it was determined that Dublin\'s tax policies represented unfair state aid. Apple Says EU Probe of Irish Tax Policy Could Be \'Material\''), (u'3D Printed Splints Help Infants With Airway Disorder: U.S. Researchers', u'U.S. doctors treated three infants with an often-fatal airway disease by implanting a 3D printed medical device that improves breathing and changes shape as the children grow, the researchers reported on Wednesday. U.S. doctors treated three infants with an often-fatal airway disease by implanting a 3D printed medical device that improves breathing and changes shape as the children grow, the researchers reported on Wednesday. 3D Printed Splints Help Infants With Airway Disorder: U.S. Researchers'), (u'Legislators Introduce Student Digital Privacy Bill', u'The student digital privacy bill comes at a time of widespread government and industry enthusiasm for education technology, along with mounting concerns that many school districts may be ill-prepared to evaluate and adopt digital learning products. The student digital privacy bill comes at a time of widespread government and industry enthusiasm for education technology, along with mounting concerns that many school districts may be ill-prepared to evaluate and adopt digital learning products. Legislators Introduce Student Digital Privacy Bill'), (u'Review: Little-Known Facebook Apps Might Remain Just That', u'You probably already use Facebook on your phone, along with its Messenger app for chatting with Facebook friends. You might also have Instagram and WhatsApp, two services Facebook bought in recent years. You probably already use Facebook on your phone, along with its Messenger app for chatting with Facebook friends. You might also have Instagram and WhatsApp, two services Facebook bought in recent years. Review: Little-Known Facebook Apps Might Remain Just That'), (u"U.S. Senator Rand Paul Moves to Block New 'Net Neutrality' Rules", u'U.S. Senator Rand Paul, a Republican presidential hopeful, on Wednesday introduced a resolution to block new regulations on Internet service providers, saying they would "wrap the Internet in red tape." U.S. Senator Rand Paul, a Republican presidential hopeful, on Wednesday introduced a resolution to block new regulations on Internet service providers, saying they would "wrap the Internet in red tape." U.S. Senator Rand Paul Moves to Block New \'Net Neutrality\' Rules'), (u'Hacker Claims to Crack Master Lock Combos Under Two Minutes', u'A hacker, known for unleashing a worm on the once-popular MySpace social network, said he has devised a technique to crack under two minutes any combination by Master Lock, a padlock company owned by Fortune Brands Home &amp; Security Inc. A hacker, known for unleashing a worm on the once-popular MySpace social network, said he has devised a technique to crack under two minutes any combination by Master Lock, a padlock company owned by Fortune Brands Home &amp; Security Inc. Hacker Claims to Crack Master Lock Combos Under Two Minutes'), (u"Twitter's Growth Seen Hinging on Luring Advertisers", u"Twitter Inc's slowing revenue and user growth has raised further doubts about its ability to entice advertisers to spend more on its platform - at least in the near term. Twitter Inc's slowing revenue and user growth has raised further doubts about its ability to entice advertisers to spend more on its platform - at least in the near term. Twitter's Growth Seen Hinging on Luring Advertisers"), (u'Google Launches Security Feature for Chrome Web Browser', u'Google Inc on Wednesday announced a free extension for its Chrome web browser that better protects Google accounts, including email, against online attackers trying to steal passwords and other personal information. Google Inc on Wednesday announced a free extension for its Chrome web browser that better protects Google accounts, including email, against online attackers trying to steal passwords and other personal information. Google Launches Security Feature for Chrome Web Browser'), (u'Google Tripled Spending on Lobbying in Brussels Last Year', u'The company multiplied its spending by three from 2010 to 2013, and again in 2014, spending at least $4.2 million and as much as $4.8 million last year, according to its latest disclosure report. The company multiplied its spending by three from 2010 to 2013, and again in 2014, spending at least $4.2 million and as much as $4.8 million last year, according to its latest disclosure report. Google Tripled Spending on Lobbying in Brussels Last Year'), (u'Daily Report: Breaking News About Twitter, on Twitter', u'Selerity, a financial analytics firm, tweeted what appeared to be Twitter\u2019s disappointing earnings release nearly an hour before Twitter released it. Selerity, a financial analytics firm, tweeted what appeared to be Twitter\u2019s disappointing earnings release nearly an hour before Twitter released it. Daily Report: Breaking News About Twitter, on Twitter'), (u'France Lifts Defence Budget to Tackle Multiple Threats', u'France will increase its defence budget by 3.8 billion euros (3 billion pounds) over four years from 2016 to ensure the army can tackle problems at home and maintain missions abroad, notably in Africa and the Middle East, President Francois Hollande... France will increase its defence budget by 3.8 billion euros (3 billion pounds) over four years from 2016 to ensure the army can tackle problems at home and maintain missions abroad, notably in Africa and the Middle East, President Francois Hollande said. France Lifts Defence Budget to Tackle Multiple Threats'), (u'GN Store Nord Earnings Below Forecast on Weak Headset Division', u'GN Store Nord reported first-quarter core profit a touch below forecasts on Wednesday and its shares fell as its headset division disappointed despite a strong performance by the larger hearing aid segment. GN Store Nord reported first-quarter core profit a touch below forecasts on Wednesday and its shares fell as its headset division disappointed despite a strong performance by the larger hearing aid segment. GN Store Nord Earnings Below Forecast on Weak Headset Division'), (u"Spain's Telefonica Bets on Price Hikes to End Six-Year Slump", u"Telefonica's move to hike prices in Spain is a bold bet that could finally draw a line under a six-year slump, cut the firm's reliance on Latin America and give it a leg up over rivals on the lucrative premium telecoms market, sources and analysts... Telefonica's move to hike prices in Spain is a bold bet that could finally draw a line under a six-year slump, cut the firm's reliance on Latin America and give it a leg up over rivals on the lucrative premium telecoms market, sources and analysts say. Spain's Telefonica Bets on Price Hikes to End Six-Year Slump"), (u'Data Company Unearthed Twitter\u2019s Earnings Early', u"Selerity, a financial analytics firm, tweeted what appeared to be Twitter\u2019s disappointing earnings release before Twitter made it public. Selerity, a financial analytics firm, tweeted what appeared to be Twitter\u2019s disappointing earnings release before Twitter made it public. Financial analytics firm Selerity tweets early release of disappointing earnings by Twitter, anticipating company's own disclosure by nearly an hour; incident highlights Selerity's prowess in combing Internet for early signs of financial news to pass onto high-frequency traders; illustrates as well the capacity for negative information to quickly traverse Internet and affect share price. Data Company Unearthed Twitter\u2019s Earnings Early"), (u'Twitter Earnings, Released Early, Disappoint Investors', u'Investors have been eager to see results from recent changes Twitter has made to help newcomers better understand how to use its service. Investors have been eager to see results from recent changes Twitter has made to help newcomers better understand how to use its service. Twitter reports worse-than-expected first-quarter loss of $162 million, or 25 cents per share; revenue grew 74 percent to $436 million, down from growth rate of 97 percent in previous quarter; attributes decline to faltering ad growth and reduces outlook for year; shares decline 18 percent on news. Twitter Earnings, Released Early, Disappoint Investors'), (u'Samsung Elec to Aggressively Pursue Sales of Cheaper Phones in Emerging Markets', u'Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will be aggressive in its sales strategy for mid-to-low end smartphones in emerging markets, including on pricing, a company executive said on Wednesday. Tech giant Samsung Electronics Co Ltd will be aggressive in its sales strategy for mid-to-low end smartphones in emerging markets, including on pricing, a company executive said on Wednesday.  Samsung Elec to Aggressively Pursue Sales of Cheaper Phones in Emerging Markets'), (u"Samsung Elec's Mobile Margins Not Out of the Woods", u"Samsung Electronics may have put a floor under its mobile margins, but skeptics say profits will undergo a new test with the latest flagship Galaxy smartphones, among the most costly the South Korean company has ever made. Samsung Electronics may have put a floor under its mobile margins, but skeptics say profits will undergo a new test with the latest flagship Galaxy smartphones, among the most costly the South Korean company has ever made.  Samsung Elec's Mobile Margins Not Out of the Woods"), (u'Samsung Elec Tips Higher Second Quarter Profit on Galaxy S6 Sales', u'Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday said it expects earnings to rise in the second quarter after posting its highest profit in three quarters in January-March, boosted by strong demand for its new Galaxy S6 flagship smartphones. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday said it expects earnings to rise in the second quarter after posting its highest profit in three quarters in January-March, boosted by strong demand for its new Galaxy S6 flagship smartphones. Samsung Elec Tips Higher Second Quarter Profit on Galaxy S6 Sales'), (u'IAC Profit Beats as Its Dating Websites Attract More Paid Users', u'IAC/InterActiveCorp reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as subscription revenue rose from its dating websites and the company said user response to the paid version of its Tinder dating app was better than it had anticipated. IAC/InterActiveCorp reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as subscription revenue rose from its dating websites and the company said user response to the paid version of its Tinder dating app was better than it had anticipated. IAC Profit Beats as Its Dating Websites Attract More Paid Users'), (u'Commission Approves Policy for Los Angeles Police Body Cameras', u'The Los Angeles Police Commission approved a policy on Tuesday clearing the way for the widespread use of body cameras by patrol officers in the second-largest U.S. city, as tensions rise in the United States over police use-of-force incidents. The Los Angeles Police Commission approved a policy on Tuesday clearing the way for the widespread use of body cameras by patrol officers in the second-largest U.S. city, as tensions rise in the United States over police use-of-force incidents. Commission Approves Policy for Los Angeles Police Body Cameras'), (u"U.S. Lawmakers Seek to End Spies' Mass Collection of Phone Data", u"U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation on Tuesday to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1. U.S. lawmakers introduced legislation on Tuesday to end spy agencies' bulk collection of Americans' telephone data, setting up a potential showdown over the program, which expires on June 1. U.S. Lawmakers Seek to End Spies' Mass Collection of Phone Data"), (u'Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App', u'Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network. Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network. Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App'), (u'FCC Sees First Bid to Block Net Neutrality Rules Implementation', u'The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has received the first request to delay the implementation of new Internet regulations from a communication architect who said the rules threaten his business, a filing disclosed on Wednesday showed. The U.S. Federal Communications Commission has received the first request to delay the implementation of new Internet regulations from a communication architect who said the rules threaten his business, a filing disclosed on Wednesday showed. FCC Sees First Bid to Block Net Neutrality Rules Implementation'), (u"LG's New G4 Phones Will Have Leather Backs", u"Optional leather backs and manual camera controls are two ways LG is seeking to distinguish its new G4 phone from Apple's iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy smartphones. Optional leather backs and manual camera controls are two ways LG is seeking to distinguish its new G4 phone from Apple's iPhones and Samsung's Galaxy smartphones. LG's New G4 Phones Will Have Leather Backs"), (u'Google Reaches Out to European Publishers, With $165 Million in Hand', u'Google\u2019s efforts come less than two weeks after the European Commission filed antitrust charges against the company and before new potential problems for the company in Europe. Google\u2019s efforts come less than two weeks after the European Commission filed antitrust charges against the company and before new potential problems for the company in Europe. Google Reaches Out to European Publishers, With $165 Million in Hand'), (u'PayPal Extends One Touch Payment to Online Transactions', u"PayPal, eBay Inc's electronic payments division, said on Tuesday it will extend its single-touch payment service from mobile devices to online transactions to try to reduce the $4 trillion in merchandise abandoned in retailers' online shopping carts... PayPal, eBay Inc's electronic payments division, said on Tuesday it will extend its single-touch payment service from mobile devices to online transactions to try to reduce the $4 trillion in merchandise abandoned in retailers' online shopping carts every year due to complicated checkout procedures. PayPal Extends One Touch Payment to Online Transactions"), (u'Less Noise but More Money in Data Science', u'The period of inflated expectations for big data is giving way to steady investment in technology and people, whose pay is rising. The period of inflated expectations for big data is giving way to steady investment in technology and people, whose pay is rising. Less Noise but More Money in Data Science'), (u'Gambling Comes to E-Sports With Unikrn', u'Competitive videogame playing, known as e-sports, has passed many milestones to mainstream acceptance. The latest comes through Unikrn, a start-up that plans to let e-sports fans gamble on the events. Competitive videogame playing, known as e-sports, has passed many milestones to mainstream acceptance. The latest comes through Unikrn, a start-up that plans to let e-sports fans gamble on the events. Gambling Comes to E-Sports With Unikrn'), (u'Corning Expects Gorilla Glass Sales to Remain Strong', u'Corning Inc the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, said it expects to sell more LCD glass in the second quarter. Corning Inc the supplier of Gorilla glass to Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, said it expects to sell more LCD glass in the second quarter. Corning Expects Gorilla Glass Sales to Remain Strong'), (u'Franchising a Student Digital Privacy Law', u'The strategy Common Sense Media employed to push a student privacy law in California suggests how the group\u2019s new and more ambitious national effort might play out. The strategy Common Sense Media employed to push a student privacy law in California suggests how the group\u2019s new and more ambitious national effort might play out. Franchising a Student Digital Privacy Law'), (u'Daily Report: Twitter&#8217;s New Features, and Old Problem', u'With a slew of new features, the company understands that it needs to do more to help people get value from the service, which is at its best when it is reflecting what its users are obsessing about at any given moment. With a slew of new features, the company understands that it needs to do more to help people get value from the service, which is at its best when it is reflecting what its users are obsessing about at any given moment. Daily Report: Twitter&#8217;s New Features, and Old Problem'), (u'South Korea Investigating Oracle Over Software Bundling', u"South Korea's antitrust body said on Tuesday that it is investigating U.S. database firm Oracle Corp over whether its practice of bundling new software offerings into maintenance services contracts is anticompetitive behavior. South Korea's antitrust body said on Tuesday that it is investigating U.S. database firm Oracle Corp over whether its practice of bundling new software offerings into maintenance services contracts is anticompetitive behavior.  South Korea Investigating Oracle Over Software Bundling"), (u'Turkey Minister Says Might Cancel 4G Tender, Switch to 5G: Newspaper', u'Turkey could cancel a May tender for 4G telecoms infrastructure after President Tayyip Erdogan urged the country not to "lose time" with the technology and move straight to 5G, the trade minister was quoted as saying on Tuesday. Turkey could cancel a May tender for 4G telecoms infrastructure after President Tayyip Erdogan urged the country not to "lose time" with the technology and move straight to 5G, the trade minister was quoted as saying on Tuesday. Turkey Minister Says Might Cancel 4G Tender, Switch to 5G: Newspaper'), (u'Tencent Takes on Alibaba, Xiaomi With Open Smart Hardware Operating System', u"China's Tencent Holdings Ltd launched on Tuesday an operating system for internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers, taking on domestic rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Xiaomi Inc in the smart hardware... China's Tencent Holdings Ltd launched on Tuesday an operating system for internet-connected devices such as TVs and watches that is open to all developers, taking on domestic rivals Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and Xiaomi Inc in the smart hardware space. Tencent Takes on Alibaba, Xiaomi With Open Smart Hardware Operating System"), (u'Huawei Releases New Honor Budget Smartphone, to Be Sold Online', u'Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] launched on Tuesday the Honor 4C smartphone, the latest bid by the Chinese technology firm to gain market share in the highly competitive budget handset segment from domestic rivals such as Xiaomi Inc. Huawei Technologies Co Ltd [HWT.UL] launched on Tuesday the Honor 4C smartphone, the latest bid by the Chinese technology firm to gain market share in the highly competitive budget handset segment from domestic rivals such as Xiaomi Inc. Huawei Releases New Honor Budget Smartphone, to Be Sold Online'), (u"Apple's Mac Is Selling Strong, iPad Not So Much", u"Apple's iPhone was again the company's star in the first three months of the year. The tech giant sold 61 million iPhones, or 40 percent more than in the same period a year ago. That represented about two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue. Apple's iPhone was again the company's star in the first three months of the year. The tech giant sold 61 million iPhones, or 40 percent more than in the same period a year ago. That represented about two-thirds of its $58 billion in revenue. Apple's Mac Is Selling Strong, iPad Not So Much"), (u'Twitter\u2019s Dick Costolo Delivers on Change, but the Right Mix Remains Elusive', u"Twitter has introduced new features but continues to wrestle with an old problem: how to help new users enjoy the best of the service. Twitter has introduced new features but continues to wrestle with an old problem: how to help new users enjoy the best of the service. Twitter chief executive Dick Costolo will update investors on company's progress in effort to reboot company, including implementation of new features for users; Costolo and company still have yet to address longstanding problem of helping new users navigate and fully understand and utilize service, which has led it to lag behind its competitors. Twitter\u2019s Dick Costolo Delivers on Change, but the Right Mix Remains Elusive"), (u'Apple\u2019s Earnings Surge, as iPhone Sales Jump and China Business Rises', u"More than one-quarter of the company&#8217;s revenue last quarter came from China, which is becoming an increasingly vital part of Apple&#8217;s business. More than one-quarter of the company&#8217;s revenue last quarter came from China, which is becoming an increasingly vital part of Apple&#8217;s business. Apple says iPhone sales for fiscal second quarter in greater China surpassed for first time sales in the United States, marked shift in location of company's growth engine; company reports sales in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan of $16.8 billion, rise of 71 percent from quarter year earlier; total revenue is reported as $58 billion, up from $45.6 billion year ago. Apple\u2019s Earnings Surge, as iPhone Sales Jump and China Business Rises"), (u'Apple Pay Will Hit Best Buy Stores in 2015', u'Best Buy announced on Monday that it now accepts Apple Pay payments for purchases made inside its smartphone app, and by the end of the year will accept payments made in its brick-and-mortar stores using the Apple Pay mobile wallet. Best Buy announced on Monday that it now accepts Apple Pay payments for purchases made inside its smartphone app, and by the end of the year will accept payments made in its brick-and-mortar stores using the Apple Pay mobile wallet. Apple Pay Will Hit Best Buy Stores in 2015'), (u"Forget the Watch: Apple's iPhones Are Still the Main Event", u"The iPhone is still the engine behind Apple's phenomenal success, even as attention turned to its new smartwatch in recent weeks. The iPhone is still the engine behind Apple's phenomenal success, even as attention turned to its new smartwatch in recent weeks. Forget the Watch: Apple's iPhones Are Still the Main Event"), (u'Microsoft Phones Infringe Patents: U.S. International Trade Commission Judge', u"Microsoft Corp lost a round in a potentially costly patent battle when a U.S. International Trade Commission judge on Monday found that the software giant used InterDigital Inc's technology in its mobile phones without permission. Microsoft Corp lost a round in a potentially costly patent battle when a U.S. International Trade Commission judge on Monday found that the software giant used InterDigital Inc's technology in its mobile phones without permission.  Microsoft Phones Infringe Patents: U.S. International Trade Commission Judge"), (u'Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App', u'Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network. Facebook Inc introduced free video calling in its Messenger phone app on Monday as the company seeks to transform its mobile messaging service into a full-featured platform with the same reach as its 1.4 billion user social network. Facebook Launches Video Calling in Messenger App'), (u'Facebook Adds Free Video Calls to Messenger App', u'The social networking company has allowed free voice calls on its Messenger app for about two years, but now it is adding video calling, matching a key feature offered by rivals. The social networking company has allowed free voice calls on its Messenger app for about two years, but now it is adding video calling, matching a key feature offered by rivals. Facebook Adds Free Video Calls to Messenger App'), (u'EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources', u"The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday. The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday. EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources"), (u'Daily Report: The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google', u'Google is scanning its wealth of user-generated data for signs of fashion trends as it works to enhance its sales of online advertisements. Google is scanning its wealth of user-generated data for signs of fashion trends as it works to enhance its sales of online advertisements. Daily Report: The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google'), (u"EBay Adds Weight to Google's Brussels Antitrust Defense: FT", u"EBay Inc Chief Executive John Donahoe has added weight to Google Inc's defense in an antitrust case, saying the two companies are direct competitors in online shopping, the Financial Times reported. EBay Inc Chief Executive John Donahoe has added weight to Google Inc's defense in an antitrust case, saying the two companies are direct competitors in online shopping, the Financial Times reported. EBay Adds Weight to Google's Brussels Antitrust Defense: FT"), (u'The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google', u'The search giant is scanning its wealth of user-generated data for signs of fashion trends as it works to enhance its sales of online advertisements. The search giant is scanning its wealth of user-generated data for signs of fashion trends as it works to enhance its sales of online advertisements. Google is combing through its six-billion search queries on fashion to predict most popular trends, part of its bid to increase its standing in e-commerce and fashion; company, which is coordinating with major retailers to help them incorporate results of search data into their fashion planning, is hoping to leverage this capability to increase fashion ad sales. The Latest Fashion, Trending on Google'), (u'Packed Field Stokes Competition for Digital Ad Dollars', u'Heavyweights like AOL, Google and Yahoo will vie with upstarts like Refinery29 and Vice in an increasingly crowded two-week frenzy to secure upfront advertising commitments. Heavyweights like AOL, Google and Yahoo will vie with upstarts like Refinery29 and Vice in an increasingly crowded two-week frenzy to secure upfront advertising commitments. Thirty-three Internet companies will host events at Digital Content NewFronts in New York in attempt to lure lucrative advertising dollars away from television; $68.5 billion in advertising was spent in 2014 on television programming but amount spent on digital video ads increased to $5.8 billion in United States and is expected to grow to $12.8 billion by 2018. Packed Field Stokes Competition for Digital Ad Dollars'), (u'Turning a Children&#8217;s Rating System Into an Advocacy Army ', u"James Steyer&#8217;s nonprofit organization, Common Sense Media, is known for offering parents guidance on games and videos, but he has a grander vision. James Steyer&#8217;s nonprofit organization, Common Sense Media, is known for offering parents guidance on games and videos, but he has a grander vision. Common Sense Media, nonprofit headed by James P Steyer known for its free reviews and ratings of children's entertainment videos, is putting their influence behind new effort to infuse education with technology through teacher training and programs for students; known as Common Sense Kids Action, initiative is looking for federal funds for program. Turning a Children&#8217;s Rating System Into an Advocacy Army "), (u'The Sensor-Rich, Data-Scooping Future', u'G.E. is adding more sensor technology to products like street lights, heralding a sensor explosion that many believe will fuse the physical world with the Internet, anticipating and facilitating human behaviors. G.E. is adding more sensor technology to products like street lights, heralding a sensor explosion that many believe will fuse the physical world with the Internet, anticipating and facilitating human behaviors. The Sensor-Rich, Data-Scooping Future'), (u"India's Ratan Tata Buys Stake in Chinese Phone Maker Xiaomi", u"Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the holding company of India's Tata conglomerate, has acquired a stake in Xiaomi Technology [XTC.UL], a deal that is likely to bolster the Chinese phone maker's presence in the world's third-largest smartphone market. Ratan Tata, chairman emeritus of the holding company of India's Tata conglomerate, has acquired a stake in Xiaomi Technology [XTC.UL], a deal that is likely to bolster the Chinese phone maker's presence in the world's third-largest smartphone market. India's Ratan Tata Buys Stake in Chinese Phone Maker Xiaomi"), (u'\u2018Google Adventurer\u2019 Dies on Mt. Everest', u'Dan Fredinburg helped Google\u2019s Street View project document many of the world\u2019s most majestic peaks before his death in Nepal in an earthquake-related avalanche. Dan Fredinburg helped Google\u2019s Street View project document many of the world\u2019s most majestic peaks before his death in Nepal in an earthquake-related avalanche. \u2018Google Adventurer\u2019 Dies on Mt. Everest'), (u'Alibaba, China Telecom Tie Up to Sell Phones', u'Chinese e-commerce leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and state-owned China Telecom Corp Ltd have tied up to sell inexpensive smartphones aimed at boosting mobile commerce in smaller cities and rural areas. Chinese e-commerce leader Alibaba Group Holding Ltd and state-owned China Telecom Corp Ltd have tied up to sell inexpensive smartphones aimed at boosting mobile commerce in smaller cities and rural areas. Alibaba, China Telecom Tie Up to Sell Phones'), (u'System Crash for Starbucks Leads to Free Coffee for Some', u'In-store payment systems at Starbucks stores went down Friday across the United States and Canada. In-store payment systems at Starbucks stores went down Friday across the United States and Canada. Starbucks says failure in its in-store payment systems at 8,000 stores operated by company in North America stemmed from issue with daily computer system update. System Crash for Starbucks Leads to Free Coffee for Some'), (u'Cheaper Robots, Fewer Workers', u'This is the first episode in a Bits video series that examines how robots are poised to change the way we do business and conduct our daily lives. This is the first episode in a Bits video series that examines how robots are poised to change the way we do business and conduct our daily lives. Cheaper Robots, Fewer Workers'), (u'BlackBerry Considers Closing Sweden Operations', u'BlackBerry Ltd is considering closing its offices in Sweden, a move that would result in the loss of up to 100 jobs, a company spokesperson told Reuters. BlackBerry Ltd is considering closing its offices in Sweden, a move that would result in the loss of up to 100 jobs, a company spokesperson told Reuters. BlackBerry Considers Closing Sweden Operations'), (u'Apple Watch Has Landed \u2014 Here&#8217;s What You Need to Know', u'Apple Watch began shipping Friday. What you need to know about the gadget. Apple Watch began shipping Friday. What you need to know about the gadget. Apple Watch Has Landed \u2014 Here&#8217;s What You Need to Know'), (u'EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources', u"The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday. The European Union's decision to take on Google last week stems from official complaints by 19 companies in Europe and the United States, including Microsoft and a number of small firms, people familiar with the matter said on Friday. EU Antitrust Case Against Google Based on 19 Complainants: Sources"), (u'Faster, Stronger and Cheaper', u'China faces rising labor costs and a shortage of workers. But a government project called \u201creplacing humans with robots\u201d is trying to change the face of the work force in Guangdong Province. China faces rising labor costs and a shortage of workers. But a government project called \u201creplacing humans with robots\u201d is trying to change the face of the work force in Guangdong Province. Faster, Stronger and Cheaper'), (u'Infosys Bets on New Services to Push Sales to $20 Billion by 2020', u"Infosys Ltd, India's second-largest software services exporter, on Friday posted quarterly net profit that lagged most analyst expectations, dampening hopes of a quick turnaround after top management changes. Infosys Ltd, India's second-largest software services exporter, on Friday posted quarterly net profit that lagged most analyst expectations, dampening hopes of a quick turnaround after top management changes. Infosys Bets on New Services to Push Sales to $20 Billion by 2020"), (u"India's Paytm Adds Mobile Marketplace App for e-Merchants", u"Paytm, an Indian online payments platform backed by China's Alibaba, is pushing deeper into India's booming e-commerce industry with a zero-commission mobile app marketplace targeted at small and medium-sized firms, the mainstay of the country's... Paytm, an Indian online payments platform backed by China's Alibaba, is pushing deeper into India's booming e-commerce industry with a zero-commission mobile app marketplace targeted at small and medium-sized firms, the mainstay of the country's economy. India's Paytm Adds Mobile Marketplace App for e-Merchants"), (u'Luxottica Sees First Pair of Glasses With Intel Chips in Feb/March', u'Italian eyewear group Luxottica expects the first pair of glasses born out of its partnership with U.S. chipmaker Intel Corp to be ready in February or March, co-Chief Executive Massimo Vian told shareholders on Friday. Italian eyewear group Luxottica expects the first pair of glasses born out of its partnership with U.S. chipmaker Intel Corp to be ready in February or March, co-Chief Executive Massimo Vian told shareholders on Friday. Luxottica Sees First Pair of Glasses With Intel Chips in Feb/March'), (u'Daily Report: Amazon Dominates Cloud Computing, but Tech Giants Are in Pursuit', u'Amazon said in its first-quarter earnings report that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion and operating income of $265 million. Amazon said in its first-quarter earnings report that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion and operating income of $265 million. Daily Report: Amazon Dominates Cloud Computing, but Tech Giants Are in Pursuit'), (u'Samsung Hints at New Smartwatch on Apple Watch Launch Day', u"Samsung Electronics Co Ltd teased the market with hints of a new version of its Gear smartwatch on Friday, the same day that rival Apple Inc's long-awaited wearable devices went on sale. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd teased the market with hints of a new version of its Gear smartwatch on Friday, the same day that rival Apple Inc's long-awaited wearable devices went on sale. Samsung Hints at New Smartwatch on Apple Watch Launch Day"), (u'Apple Thwarts Geeks, Investors Probing Smartwatch Components', u'Apple Inc managed to frustrate gadget lovers and investors desperate to find out the components of its new smartwatch on Friday, encasing its chips in tough resin and using rare screws to thwart people trying prise it apart. Apple Inc managed to frustrate gadget lovers and investors desperate to find out the components of its new smartwatch on Friday, encasing its chips in tough resin and using rare screws to thwart people trying prise it apart. Apple Thwarts Geeks, Investors Probing Smartwatch Components'), (u"Review: Getting Your Apple Watch? Here's How to Use It", u"Apple Watches have arrived to the first group of people who had ordered one two weeks ago. Apple Watches have arrived to the first group of people who had ordered one two weeks ago. Review: Getting Your Apple Watch? Here's How to Use It"), (u'Tell Us What You Think', u'Send us your thoughts about The New York Times on the Apple Watch. Send us your thoughts about The New York Times on the Apple Watch. Tell Us What You Think'), (u'With Amazon Atop the Cloud, Big Tech Rivals Are Giving Chase', u'Amazon said in its first-quarter earnings report that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion and operating income of $265 million. Amazon said in its first-quarter earnings report that its cloud division, Amazon Web Services, had revenue of $1.57 billion and operating income of $265 million. Amazon reports first-quarter loss of 12 cents per share, down from profit of 23 cents per share one year earlier, as overall revenue rose 15 percent to $22.72 billion; report highlights impressive performance by Amazon Web Services, its cloud computing business, which had income of $265 million on revenue of $1.57 billion; results far outpace those of other major cloud service providers like Microsoft and Google. With Amazon Atop the Cloud, Big Tech Rivals Are Giving Chase'), (u'Kleiner Perkins Seeks Nearly $1 Million From Ellen Pao', u'The firm filed for reimbursement of its expenses in a gender discrimination case, but indicated it would accept her dropping the case instead. The firm filed for reimbursement of its expenses in a gender discrimination case, but indicated it would accept her dropping the case instead. Venture capital firm Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers files for reimbursement following unsuccessful gender discrimination lawsuit by former associate Ellen Pao; offer would allow Pao to avoid nearly $1 million payment is she promised to forgo appeal and allow case to die. Kleiner Perkins Seeks Nearly $1 Million From Ellen Pao'), (u'Microsoft Profits Slip Less Than Projected, With Revenue Up 6%', u'No one was expecting big things from Microsoft in its most recent quarter, but its results ended up being far less grim than the worst case scenarios predicted for the company. No one was expecting big things from Microsoft in its most recent quarter, but its results ended up being far less grim than the worst case scenarios predicted for the company. Microsoft Profits Slip Less Than Projected, With Revenue Up 6%'), (u'At $17.3 Billion, Google\u2019s Quarterly Revenue Rose 12 Percent', u'The search giant&#8217;s first-quarter net revenue was $13.9 billion, from $12.2 billion, but analysts had expected $14.04 billion. The search giant&#8217;s first-quarter net revenue was $13.9 billion, from $12.2 billion, but analysts had expected $14.04 billion. Google reports first-quarter net income of $3.6 billion, or $5.20 a share, compared with $2.5 billion, or $5.04 a share in year-earlier period; reports revenue of $17.3 billion, up 12 percent from previous quarter; results fall short of analyst expectations, amid continuing concern about slowing growth at company. At $17.3 Billion, Google\u2019s Quarterly Revenue Rose 12 Percent'), (u'Amazon Swings to Small Loss While Revenue Jumps 15%', u'For the first time, the web retailer broke out its numbers for its cloud computing division, which Jeff Bezos, the chief executive, called \u201ca $5 billion business and still growing fast.\u201d For the first time, the web retailer broke out its numbers for its cloud computing division, which Jeff Bezos, the chief executive, called \u201ca $5 billion business and still growing fast.\u201d Amazon Swings to Small Loss While Revenue Jumps 15%'), (u'Remotely Controlling the DVR', u'Tips for Time Warner Cable customers who want to use their iPhones to manage DVR recordings. Tips for Time Warner Cable customers who want to use their iPhones to manage DVR recordings. Remotely Controlling the DVR'), (u'Microsoft Coy on Cloud Profit After Amazon Delivers', u'Amazon.com Inc surprised investors on Thursday by disclosing for the first time that it makes a profit from its fast-growing cloud-computing business. Amazon.com Inc surprised investors on Thursday by disclosing for the first time that it makes a profit from its fast-growing cloud-computing business.  Microsoft Coy on Cloud Profit After Amazon Delivers'), (u"Software Developer Apigee's IPO Priced at $17 Per Share", u"Software developer Apigee Corp said its initial public offering has been priced at $17 per share, the midpoint of an expected range of $16-$18. Software developer Apigee Corp said its initial public offering has been priced at $17 per share, the midpoint of an expected range of $16-$18. Software Developer Apigee's IPO Priced at $17 Per Share"), (u"Microsoft Results Show Company's Shift, but Is It Enough?", u"Microsoft is changing its business. The question is whether it's changing fast enough. Microsoft is changing its business. The question is whether it's changing fast enough. Microsoft Results Show Company's Shift, but Is It Enough?"), (u'Chipotle Signs Deal With Food Delivery Start-Up Postmates', u'Chipotle\u2019s burritos are a smartphone tap away through an official partnership with the delivery start-up Postmates. Chipotle\u2019s burritos are a smartphone tap away through an official partnership with the delivery start-up Postmates. Chipotle Signs Deal With Food Delivery Start-Up Postmates'), (u'Kleiner Perkins Seeks Almost $1 Million in Costs in Pao Case', u'Venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers is seeking to recover about $973,000 in costs from a high profile gender discrimination trial that captivated Silicon Valley, according to a court filing on Thursday. Venture capital firm Kleiner, Perkins, Caufield and Byers is seeking to recover about $973,000 in costs from a high profile gender discrimination trial that captivated Silicon Valley, according to a court filing on Thursday. Kleiner Perkins Seeks Almost $1 Million in Costs in Pao Case'), (u'With Mi 4i Smartphone, Xiaomi Turns to India', u'With the growth of China\u2019s smartphone market slowing, turning to India is an obvious next stop for a company like Xiaomi. With the growth of China\u2019s smartphone market slowing, turning to India is an obvious next stop for a company like Xiaomi. With Mi 4i Smartphone, Xiaomi Turns to India'), (u'Defying the Odds, Hubble Telescope Still Going Strong After 25 Years', u'NASA on Thursday marked the silver anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope with fireworks, of a celestial kind, conveyed by the orbiting observatory itself. NASA on Thursday marked the silver anniversary of the Hubble Space Telescope with fireworks, of a celestial kind, conveyed by the orbiting observatory itself. Defying the Odds, Hubble Telescope Still Going Strong After 25 Years'), (u"Metroweb's State Owner Rejects Telecom Italia Proposal: Sources", u"The state owner of Italy's Metroweb has rejected a proposal by Telecom Italia to take a stake in the broadband company and gradually reach full ownership, according to two people close to the matter and an email seen by Reuters. The state owner of Italy's Metroweb has rejected a proposal by Telecom Italia to take a stake in the broadband company and gradually reach full ownership, according to two people close to the matter and an email seen by Reuters. Metroweb's State Owner Rejects Telecom Italia Proposal: Sources"), (u'German Engineers Need Software to Head Off Technology Firms', u"If customers of Germany's Harting Group, a maker of industrial plugs and sockets, want bespoke products, they can buy them -- if they're prepared to assemble them from a kit themselves. If customers of Germany's Harting Group, a maker of industrial plugs and sockets, want bespoke products, they can buy them -- if they're prepared to assemble them from a kit themselves.  German Engineers Need Software to Head Off Technology Firms"), (u"China's Smartphone Makers Bet on Cricket, Bollywood to Conquer India", u"China's smartphone makers are drafting in cricket teams and Bollywood stars to conquer India, their largest overseas market and a key testing ground for their international expansion, as they try to rebrand as more than just sellers of cheap... China's smartphone makers are drafting in cricket teams and Bollywood stars to conquer India, their largest overseas market and a key testing ground for their international expansion, as they try to rebrand as more than just sellers of cheap handsets. China's Smartphone Makers Bet on Cricket, Bollywood to Conquer India"), (u"Rise of e-Commerce Poses Safety Concern for China's Air Transport: IATA", u"China's booming e-commerce industry and the ability of the country's small businesses to export hazardous materials are posing a safety concern for the country's air transport industry, the head of the International Air Transport Association warned... China's booming e-commerce industry and the ability of the country's small businesses to export hazardous materials are posing a safety concern for the country's air transport industry, the head of the International Air Transport Association warned on Thursday. Rise of e-Commerce Poses Safety Concern for China's Air Transport: IATA"), (u'Logitech Moves Away From Computer Mouse, Looks to Wireless', u'Gadget maker Logitech International SA said on Thursday quarterly operating profit fell 34 percent on steep currency declines and shrinking demand for accessories like the computer mouse on which it built its global brand name. Gadget maker Logitech International SA said on Thursday quarterly operating profit fell 34 percent on steep currency declines and shrinking demand for accessories like the computer mouse on which it built its global brand name. Logitech Moves Away From Computer Mouse, Looks to Wireless'), (u'Daily Report: Facebook&#8217;s Earnings Underline a Shift to Mobile', u'The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices. The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices. Daily Report: Facebook&#8217;s Earnings Underline a Shift to Mobile'), (u'EU Court Upholds LCD Panel Cartel Fine for LG Display', u"The European Court of Justice upheld on Thursday a 210 million euro ($224.8 million) fine imposed on South Korea's LG Display for participating in a cartel of LCD panel makers between 2001 and 2006. The European Court of Justice upheld on Thursday a 210 million euro ($224.8 million) fine imposed on South Korea's LG Display for participating in a cartel of LCD panel makers between 2001 and 2006. EU Court Upholds LCD Panel Cartel Fine for LG Display"), (u'Pentagon Chief Seeks to Woo Silicon Valley, Eyes Tech Innovation', u"Defense Secretary Ash Carter arrived in California's Silicon Valley on Wednesday at the start of a three-day trip aiming to draw in America's tech innovators despite major challenges, including making the Pentagon attractive to cyber-savvy youth. Defense Secretary Ash Carter arrived in California's Silicon Valley on Wednesday at the start of a three-day trip aiming to draw in America's tech innovators despite major challenges, including making the Pentagon attractive to cyber-savvy youth. Pentagon Chief Seeks to Woo Silicon Valley, Eyes Tech Innovation"), (u'Pentagon Says Evicted Russian Hackers, Global Cyber Threat Grows', u'The United States on Thursday disclosed a cyber intrusion this year by Russian hackers who accessed an unclassified U.S. military network, in a episode Defense Secretary Ash Carter said showed the growing threat and the improving U.S. ability to... The United States on Thursday disclosed a cyber intrusion this year by Russian hackers who accessed an unclassified U.S. military network, in a episode Defense Secretary Ash Carter said showed the growing threat and the improving U.S. ability to respond. Pentagon Says Evicted Russian Hackers, Global Cyber Threat Grows'), (u'Ellen Pao-Kleiner Perkins Case: Memorandum of Costs', u'The venture capital firm said in in court papers that the discrimination suit brought by a former associate cost it $972,815 in expenses. The venture capital firm said in in court papers that the discrimination suit brought by a former associate cost it $972,815 in expenses. Ellen Pao-Kleiner Perkins Case: Memorandum of Costs'), (u'Video Feature: Apps to Kindle the Imagination', u'Stuck on a problem? Trapped in a rut? Here are a few apps to get your creativity flowing again. Stuck on a problem? Trapped in a rut? Here are a few apps to get your creativity flowing again. Kit Eaton App Smart column compares mobile applications that purport to offer inspiration for users who are stuck on a problem or in creative rut; notes that Windows document sharing app Delve is now available for non-Windows phones. Video Feature: Apps to Kindle the Imagination'), (u'PayPal Unit Helps Lift eBay Revenue', u"The first-quarter results, with revenue topping analyst forecasts, are a progress marker for eBay as it divides into two parts this year: its troubled marketplace business and its payments unit. The first-quarter results, with revenue topping analyst forecasts, are a progress marker for eBay as it divides into two parts this year: its troubled marketplace business and its payments unit. EBay reports $626 million in earnings for quarter, with revenue rising to $4.5 billion, increase of 4 percent from quarter year earlier; company's PayPal unit reports $2.1 billion in revenue, up from $1.85 billion year ago; eBay and PayPal are set to split in third quarter 2015. PayPal Unit Helps Lift eBay Revenue"), (u'Facebook\u2019s Growth Slows Slightly, but Mobile Shift Intensifies', u"The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices. The company said that three-quarters of its first-quarter ad revenue and most of its visitors came from mobile devices. Facebook reports that close to three-quarters of advertising revenue in first quarter was made from mobile devices, indication of company's continued evolution into mobile service; company is making similar shift in focus from text to video. Facebook\u2019s Growth Slows Slightly, but Mobile Shift Intensifies"), (u'Google Introduces Wireless Service Called Project Fi', u"The service aims to blend several communication tools &#8212; cellular calls, online calls like Skype &#8212; into a single phone number and service. The service aims to blend several communication tools &#8212; cellular calls, online calls like Skype &#8212; into a single phone number and service. Google reveals Project Fi wireless phone service, which will initially be available to users of its Nexus 6 phone; analysts view service as attempt to rethink phone calls, and see it as company's bid to compete with other wireless service providers. Google Introduces Wireless Service Called Project Fi"), (u'Backers Say USB-C Is the Cable of the Future', u'A successor to the USB connector, it is smaller to work with thinner devices, and it is designed to handle high speeds for data transfers and lots of power. A successor to the USB connector, it is smaller to work with thinner devices, and it is designed to handle high speeds for data transfers and lots of power. Gadgetwise column; tech industry hopes that introduction of new USB-C connection standard will reduce number of cables that consumers need to connect computers to various electronic devices; past efforts for similar all-purpose solution raise questions about how successful standard will be. Backers Say USB-C Is the Cable of the Future'), (u'Working With Old Office Files on a New Mac OS', u'Even with an upgrade, there are several ways to work with Microsoft Office files. Also, backing up data on an Amazon Fire tablet. Even with an upgrade, there are several ways to work with Microsoft Office files. Also, backing up data on an Amazon Fire tablet. Personal Tech Q&A on upgrading to Mac OS X 10.10 and using Microsoft Office; backing up Amazon Fire Tablet; Tip of the Week on personalized widgets to access system controls on Android phones or tablets. Working With Old Office Files on a New Mac OS'), (u'An Online Tune-Up for the Used-Car Marketplace', u'Beepi, which acts as a broker between sellers and buyers of used automobiles, could alter the way people buy used cars. Beepi, which acts as a broker between sellers and buyers of used automobiles, could alter the way people buy used cars. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column examines how start-ups like Beepi, which streamlines process of shopping for used automobiles online, have potential to transform way consumer buy cars; suggests growth of these start-ups is another example of how digital alternatives are encroaching even upon those sectors of economy that seem resistant to pull of Internet. An Online Tune-Up for the Used-Car Marketplace'), (u'App Smart | Spark Creative Thinking', u'A host of new apps are available to jump-start creative thinking or spark new ideas. A host of new apps are available to jump-start creative thinking or spark new ideas. App Smart | Spark Creative Thinking'), (u'Some Apple Watches Shipping Sooner Than Expected', u'Apple says some customers will be getting the new Apple Watch sooner than expected. Apple says some customers will be getting the new Apple Watch sooner than expected. Some Apple Watches Shipping Sooner Than Expected'), (u'ADM Could Use Drones From 2016 to Get Crop Insurance Claims Data', u'Archer Daniels Midland Co plans to use drones to gather data on crop insurance claims as soon as the summer of 2016, its risk services head told Reuters on Wednesday. Archer Daniels Midland Co plans to use drones to gather data on crop insurance claims as soon as the summer of 2016, its risk services head told Reuters on Wednesday. ADM Could Use Drones From 2016 to Get Crop Insurance Claims Data'), (u'Some Apple Watch Buyers to Get Shipments Sooner Than Expected', u'Some Apple Watch buyers who thought they would have to wait until June to receive their new gadgets will get them sooner, Apple Inc said on Wednesday. Some Apple Watch buyers who thought they would have to wait until June to receive their new gadgets will get them sooner, Apple Inc said on Wednesday. Some Apple Watch Buyers to Get Shipments Sooner Than Expected'), (u'Funding Circle Raises Another $150 Million', u'Funding Circle is now available in the United Kingdom and the United States, and Samir Desai, the start-up\u2019s chief executive, said the company would use the new fundraising to expand its operations on both sides of the Atlantic. Funding Circle is now available in the United Kingdom and the United States, and Samir Desai, the start-up\u2019s chief executive, said the company would use the new fundraising to expand its operations on both sides of the Atlantic. Funding Circle Raises Another $150 Million'), (u'Box Opens Tools for Developers, Suggesting the Future of Business Software', u'Box was initially known as a way to store digital content cheaply online. No more. Box was initially known as a way to store digital content cheaply online. No more. Box Opens Tools for Developers, Suggesting the Future of Business Software'), (u'Still Got It: Facebook Mobile Ad Revenue Continues to Surge', u"Nearly three-quarters of Facebook's advertising revenue now comes from mobile ads, as many more users access the social network on smartphones and other hand-held gadgets. Nearly three-quarters of Facebook's advertising revenue now comes from mobile ads, as many more users access the social network on smartphones and other hand-held gadgets. Still Got It: Facebook Mobile Ad Revenue Continues to Surge"), (u'Chipmaker Xilinx Posts 14 Percent Fall in Quarterly Profit', u'Chipmaker Xilinx Inc reported a 14 percent fall in fourth-quarter net income, hurt by a $24 million restructuring charge. Chipmaker Xilinx Inc reported a 14 percent fall in fourth-quarter net income, hurt by a $24 million restructuring charge. Chipmaker Xilinx Posts 14 Percent Fall in Quarterly Profit'), (u'eBay Profit Beats as Revenue Surges From PayPal Business', u'E-commerce company eBay Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as revenue surged from its payments business that includes PayPal, which the company said would be spun off in the third quarter. E-commerce company eBay Inc reported a higher-than-expected quarterly profit as revenue surged from its payments business that includes PayPal, which the company said would be spun off in the third quarter.  eBay Profit Beats as Revenue Surges From PayPal Business'), (u'F5 Networks CEO John McAdam to Retire', u'Network equipment maker F5 Networks Inc said longtime Chief Executive John McAdam will retire in July, a move that comes at a time when the company is facing slowing revenue growth. Network equipment maker F5 Networks Inc said longtime Chief Executive John McAdam will retire in July, a move that comes at a time when the company is facing slowing revenue growth. F5 Networks CEO John McAdam to Retire'), (u'Qualcomm Forecast Misses as Customer Loss Hurts Mobile Chip Sales', u"Qualcomm Inc forecast current-quarter revenue and profit below analysts' expectations, saying the loss of a key customer and delays in product launches by some smartphone makers would hurt sales of its flagship Snapdragon chips. Qualcomm Inc forecast current-quarter revenue and profit below analysts' expectations, saying the loss of a key customer and delays in product launches by some smartphone makers would hurt sales of its flagship Snapdragon chips. Qualcomm Forecast Misses as Customer Loss Hurts Mobile Chip Sales"), (u"Republicans Move to Extend Spies' Power to Collect Phone Data", u"In a move likely to re-ignite public debate in America over electronic spying, Republicans have introduced a bill in the Senate to extend a controversial law empowering the government's bulk collection of U.S. telephone records. In a move likely to re-ignite public debate in America over electronic spying, Republicans have introduced a bill in the Senate to extend a controversial law empowering the government's bulk collection of U.S. telephone records. Republicans Move to Extend Spies' Power to Collect Phone Data"), (u'ZTE Cleared of Infringing InterDigital Mobile Phone Patent', u'A U.S. jury on Wednesday cleared Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE Corp of infringing a patent on transmitting data in wireless networks owned by patent licensor InterDigital Inc. A U.S. jury on Wednesday cleared Chinese telecom equipment maker ZTE Corp of infringing a patent on transmitting data in wireless networks owned by patent licensor InterDigital Inc. ZTE Cleared of Infringing InterDigital Mobile Phone Patent'), (u'Hello? Facebook Launches Phone-Calling App for Android', u'Hello? Anyone there? Facebook unveiled a new voice-calling app for Android phones on Wednesday, the same day that its WhatsApp messaging service introduced voice-calling for iOS devices. Hello? Anyone there? Facebook unveiled a new voice-calling app for Android phones on Wednesday, the same day that its WhatsApp messaging service introduced voice-calling for iOS devices. Hello? Facebook Launches Phone-Calling App for Android'), (u'At RSA Conference, Computer Security Done Right and Wrong', u'At the annual security conference in San Francisco, hot topics included intelligence agencies making the presence known in Silicon Valley, adding collaboration to competition among security companies, and why tweeting about hacking planes is probably... At the annual security conference in San Francisco, hot topics included intelligence agencies making the presence known in Silicon Valley, adding collaboration to competition among security companies, and why tweeting about hacking planes is probably a bad idea. At RSA Conference, Computer Security Done Right and Wrong'), (u'Feeling Safe? Try Attending Internet Security Conference', u'A conference of Internet security experts is not for the faint of heart. A conference of Internet security experts is not for the faint of heart. Feeling Safe? Try Attending Internet Security Conference'), (u"Facebook Starts Testing Mobile Calling App 'Hello'", u"Facebook Inc said it started testing its mobile calling app 'Hello' on Android, which allows users to connect with Facebook to see the identity and information about callers even if the number is not saved on the phone. Facebook Inc said it started testing its mobile calling app 'Hello' on Android, which allows users to connect with Facebook to see the identity and information about callers even if the number is not saved on the phone.  Facebook Starts Testing Mobile Calling App 'Hello'"), (u'Crash-Protection Tech Top Choice of U.S. Consumers: Study', u'Three of the top five technologies U.S. consumers want in their next car or truck relate to crash prevention, indicating a growing acceptance of the idea of developing self-driving vehicles, according to a new study released on Wednesday. Three of the top five technologies U.S. consumers want in their next car or truck relate to crash prevention, indicating a growing acceptance of the idea of developing self-driving vehicles, according to a new study released on Wednesday. Crash-Protection Tech Top Choice of U.S. Consumers: Study'), (u'Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends', u"Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group. Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group. Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends"), (u'Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends', u"Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group. Yemen's Houthi rebel movement said on Wednesday it wanted to return to United Nations-sponsored peace talks but only after a complete halt to a month of Saudi-led air strikes on the group. Yemen Houthis Say Seek U.N. Peace Talks After Saudi-Led Bombing Ends"), (u'Opera CEO Says Markets Developing Positively Despite Russia Troubles', u"Norway's Opera Software, a maker of internet browsers and mobile phone advertising solutions, currently sees positive market developments despite difficulties in Russia and a reorganization of its development teams, CEO Lars Boilesen said. Norway's Opera Software, a maker of internet browsers and mobile phone advertising solutions, currently sees positive market developments despite difficulties in Russia and a reorganization of its development teams, CEO Lars Boilesen said. Opera CEO Says Markets Developing Positively Despite Russia Troubles"), (u'Deutsche Telekom Eyes New Cooperation Partners: Manager Magazin', u"Deutsche Telekom is in talks with potential new partners looking for procurement deals, Germany's Manager Magazin reported on Wednesday, citing company sources. Deutsche Telekom is in talks with potential new partners looking for procurement deals, Germany's Manager Magazin reported on Wednesday, citing company sources. Deutsche Telekom Eyes New Cooperation Partners: Manager Magazin"), (u'EMC Rises on Strong VMware Results, Despite Slashing Forecast', u'Data storage products maker EMC Corp slashed its full-year revenue and profit forecasts, blaming a strong dollar, and reported quarterly results that missed market expectations. Data storage products maker EMC Corp slashed its full-year revenue and profit forecasts, blaming a strong dollar, and reported quarterly results that missed market expectations. EMC Rises on Strong VMware Results, Despite Slashing Forecast'), (u'ASML to Sell 15 Next-Generation Systems to U.S. Chipmaker', u"ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chip makers, will sell 15 of its next-generation machines to a single U.S. customer, it said on Wednesday, in a deal that could be worth more than $1 billion. ASML, Europe's largest supplier to computer chip makers, will sell 15 of its next-generation machines to a single U.S. customer, it said on Wednesday, in a deal that could be worth more than $1 billion. ASML to Sell 15 Next-Generation Systems to U.S. Chipmaker"), (u'Daily Report: &#8216;Flash Crash&#8217; Arrest Raises New Worries About High-Frequency Trading', u'Prosecutors said that Navinder Singh Sarao manipulated futures contracts in a way that helped prompt the Dow to plunge 600 points in May 2010. Prosecutors said that Navinder Singh Sarao manipulated futures contracts in a way that helped prompt the Dow to plunge 600 points in May 2010. Daily Report: &#8216;Flash Crash&#8217; Arrest Raises New Worries About High-Frequency Trading'), (u'Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire', u"China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday. China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday. Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire"), (u'Review: Plenty of Options for HBO Online, Not Enough Time', u"HBO Now, the cable channel's new stand-alone streaming service, is both a blessing and a curse. HBO Now, the cable channel's new stand-alone streaming service, is both a blessing and a curse. Review: Plenty of Options for HBO Online, Not Enough Time"), (u'LG Display Books Four-Year-High Profit, Downplays Supply Glut Fear', u"South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd downplayed risks of a supply glut in the global panel market after reporting its best quarterly profit in more than four years, seeking to assuage fear about a sharp profit decline later this year. South Korea's LG Display Co Ltd downplayed risks of a supply glut in the global panel market after reporting its best quarterly profit in more than four years, seeking to assuage fear about a sharp profit decline later this year. LG Display Books Four-Year-High Profit, Downplays Supply Glut Fear"), (u'Sony Raises Profit View as Videogame Sales Herald Turnaround', u'Japanese consumer electronics firm Sony Corp raised its earnings estimates for the second time in three months on Wednesday, citing higher than expected sales of video games and digital cameras. Japanese consumer electronics firm Sony Corp raised its earnings estimates for the second time in three months on Wednesday, citing higher than expected sales of video games and digital cameras. Sony Raises Profit View as Videogame Sales Herald Turnaround'), (u'Uber Returning to Portland Under City-Approved Regulations', u'A divided Portland City Council on Tuesday voted to allow ride-sharing companies to operate in the city under a four month pilot program, which includes certain regulations and requires the firms provide access to disabled riders. A divided Portland City Council on Tuesday voted to allow ride-sharing companies to operate in the city under a four month pilot program, which includes certain regulations and requires the firms provide access to disabled riders. Uber Returning to Portland Under City-Approved Regulations'), (u'Yahoo Shows Growth in Mobile Advertising, but Results Miss Estimates', u'The results reflect the slow progress by Yahoo&#8217;s chief executive, Marissa Mayer, in reviving the company. The results reflect the slow progress by Yahoo&#8217;s chief executive, Marissa Mayer, in reviving the company. Yahoo reports quarterly net income of $21 million, or 2 cents per share, down sharply from $312 million, or 29 cents per share, in year-earlier period; worse-than-expected results disappoint shareholders who are frustrated with slow progress of turnaround. Yahoo Shows Growth in Mobile Advertising, but Results Miss Estimates'), (u'BlackBerry Introduces Security Offering for IoT Devices', u'BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is launching a new certificate service that will help bring the security level it offers on smartphones to a slew of devices from cars to smart meters. BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is launching a new certificate service that will help bring the security level it offers on smartphones to a slew of devices from cars to smart meters.  BlackBerry Introduces Security Offering for IoT Devices'), (u'White House Seeks Silicon Valley Help on Strong Yet Breakable Encryption', u'The Obama administration hopes Silicon Valley technologists can think of a system with strong encryption that could be pierced legally by one party without opening the door to others, a White House official said on Tuesday. The Obama administration hopes Silicon Valley technologists can think of a system with strong encryption that could be pierced legally by one party without opening the door to others, a White House official said on Tuesday. White House Seeks Silicon Valley Help on Strong Yet Breakable Encryption'), (u'Yahoo Hires Advisers, Looks at Selling Yahoo Japan Stake', u"Yahoo Inc announced it is looking at cashing in its stake in Yahoo Japan Corp, which could be worth almost $9 billion before tax, news that boosted Yahoo's stock price. Yahoo Inc announced it is looking at cashing in its stake in Yahoo Japan Corp, which could be worth almost $9 billion before tax, news that boosted Yahoo's stock price. Yahoo Hires Advisers, Looks at Selling Yahoo Japan Stake"), (u'Broadcom Profit Beats as Demand Rises From Smartphone Makers', u'Wireless chip maker Broadcom Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, helped by strong sales of its WiFi and broadband chips to smartphone makers such as Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. Wireless chip maker Broadcom Inc reported higher-than-expected quarterly revenue and profit, helped by strong sales of its WiFi and broadband chips to smartphone makers such as Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd. Broadcom Profit Beats as Demand Rises From Smartphone Makers'), (u'Mosaic Aims to Bring Color to Cheap 3D Printers', u'Canadian tech start-up Mosaic is putting color into low-end 3D printers in a move to make the technology more accessible for everything from architectural modeling to medical training. Canadian tech start-up Mosaic is putting color into low-end 3D printers in a move to make the technology more accessible for everything from architectural modeling to medical training. Mosaic Aims to Bring Color to Cheap 3D Printers'), (u"New York's Infor Says Reaches Deal to Resell Software in Cuba", u"New York City-based software company Infor has identified a Cuban partner and reached an agreement to resell software in Cuba, Chief Executive Officer Charles Phillips said on Tuesday. New York City-based software company Infor has identified a Cuban partner and reached an agreement to resell software in Cuba, Chief Executive Officer Charles Phillips said on Tuesday. New York's Infor Says Reaches Deal to Resell Software in Cuba"), (u'U.S. Homeland Security to Set Up Cyber Security Office in Silicon Valley', u"The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is in the final stages of planning to set up a satellite office in California's Silicon Valley, aiming to build relationships with the technology industry and scout for talent there, the department's secretary... The U.S. Department of Homeland Security is in the final stages of planning to set up a satellite office in California's Silicon Valley, aiming to build relationships with the technology industry and scout for talent there, the department's secretary said on Tuesday.  U.S. Homeland Security to Set Up Cyber Security Office in Silicon Valley"), (u'Smart City Technology May Be Vulnerable to Hackers', u'A security researcher has found that the sensor technology being used to control everything from traffic lights to water systems is often installed and managed without proper security measures. A security researcher has found that the sensor technology being used to control everything from traffic lights to water systems is often installed and managed without proper security measures. Smart City Technology May Be Vulnerable to Hackers'), (u'Uber Complies With German Ban on Unlicensed Cab Drivers', u'Online taxi firm Uber will comply with a German ban on its services using unlicensed cab drivers by lowering its fees so it becomes more like a ride sharing service. Online taxi firm Uber will comply with a German ban on its services using unlicensed cab drivers by lowering its fees so it becomes more like a ride sharing service. Uber Complies With German Ban on Unlicensed Cab Drivers'), (u'Google Lobbying Spending Reached New High in Early 2015', u"Google Inc, already one of Washington's biggest spenders, set a company record for its lobbying activity in the first quarter of 2015 when it spent $5.5 million, according to a government database. Google Inc, already one of Washington's biggest spenders, set a company record for its lobbying activity in the first quarter of 2015 when it spent $5.5 million, according to a government database. Google Lobbying Spending Reached New High in Early 2015"), (u'Nokia Bets Software Revolution Will Help Avoid Past Merger Errors', u"Nokia's acquisition of smaller rival Alcatel-Lucent may avoid the pitfalls that befell earlier telecom network equipment marriages, thanks to a revolution over the past decade in how products are launched and developed. Nokia's acquisition of smaller rival Alcatel-Lucent may avoid the pitfalls that befell earlier telecom network equipment marriages, thanks to a revolution over the past decade in how products are launched and developed. Nokia Bets Software Revolution Will Help Avoid Past Merger Errors"), (u'Daily Report: New Genetic Tests for Breast Cancer Hold Promise', u'Two advances in tests for the genes that carry an added risk of breast cancer promise to make the process less expensive and more precise. Two advances in tests for the genes that carry an added risk of breast cancer promise to make the process less expensive and more precise. Daily Report: New Genetic Tests for Breast Cancer Hold Promise'), (u'Twitter Broadens Ban on Violent Threats', u'The social network changed its rules of user conduct to ban promoting violence against others, not just specific threats. It also said it would use more tools to stop the spread of abusive tweets about rape, death and terrorism. The social network changed its rules of user conduct to ban promoting violence against others, not just specific threats. It also said it would use more tools to stop the spread of abusive tweets about rape, death and terrorism. Twitter Broadens Ban on Violent Threats'), (u'EU Google Probe Encourages Investors in Russia Competitor Yandex', u'The European Union\'s antitrust probe into Google sparked a big rally in Russian search engine Yandex NV  last week, even though the "Russian Google" still faces significant challenges, competitive and otherwise. The European Union\'s antitrust probe into Google sparked a big rally in Russian search engine Yandex NV  last week, even though the "Russian Google" still faces significant challenges, competitive and otherwise.  EU Google Probe Encourages Investors in Russia Competitor Yandex'), (u'HP Says to Sell Photo Sharing Service Snapfish', u'Hewlett-Packard Co said it would sell its web-based photo sharing service Snapfish to digital imaging company District Photo. Hewlett-Packard Co said it would sell its web-based photo sharing service Snapfish to digital imaging company District Photo. HP Says to Sell Photo Sharing Service Snapfish'), (u'Shyp, an On-Demand Mailing Service, Raises $50 Million', u'The financing values Shyp, part of a wave of new on-demand logistics start-ups, at more than $250 million. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the investment. The financing values Shyp, part of a wave of new on-demand logistics start-ups, at more than $250 million. Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers led the investment. Shyp, an On-Demand Mailing Service, Raises $50 Million'), (u"Some Tech Firms Being 'Friendly to Terrorists' Says UK Police Chief", u'Some technology and communication firms are helping militants avoid detection by developing systems that are "friendly to terrorists", Britain\'s top anti-terrorism police officer said on Tuesday. Some technology and communication firms are helping militants avoid detection by developing systems that are "friendly to terrorists", Britain\'s top anti-terrorism police officer said on Tuesday. Some Tech Firms Being \'Friendly to Terrorists\' Says UK Police Chief'), (u'BlackBerry to Buy WatchDox to Bolster Data Security', u'BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is acquiring privately-held U.S. tech company WatchDox, which makes software that secures files for clients ranging from private equity firms to Hollywood studios, in a bid to boost its security offerings. BlackBerry Ltd said on Tuesday it is acquiring privately-held U.S. tech company WatchDox, which makes software that secures files for clients ranging from private equity firms to Hollywood studios, in a bid to boost its security offerings. BlackBerry to Buy WatchDox to Bolster Data Security'), (u'Exclusive: Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire', u"China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday. China can only ensure its information security in the long run if it keeps its market open to the best technology products, be they foreign or domestic, Huawei's rotating chief executive Eric Xu told Reuters on Tuesday. Exclusive: Huawei CEO Says Chinese Cybersecurity Rules Could Backfire"), (u'Hewlett-Packard Teams With FireEye, Mandiant on Cybersecurity', u'Hewlett-Packard Co will team with prominent cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc to offer services including assessments and incident response, bringing one of the most sophisticated security teams to a much broader market. Hewlett-Packard Co will team with prominent cybersecurity firm FireEye Inc to offer services including assessments and incident response, bringing one of the most sophisticated security teams to a much broader market. Hewlett-Packard Teams With FireEye, Mandiant on Cybersecurity'), (u'Swedish Mobile Operators Battle It Out in Kazakhstan', u"A battle being played out in Kazakhstan between Sweden's two leading mobile operators has intensified this year as Tele2 slowly makes up ground on market leader TeliaSonera. A battle being played out in Kazakhstan between Sweden's two leading mobile operators has intensified this year as Tele2 slowly makes up ground on market leader TeliaSonera. Swedish Mobile Operators Battle It Out in Kazakhstan"), (u'Daily Report: IBM Profit Slips as Company Enters Transition Year', u'Revenue fell 12 percent, to $19.6 billion in the latest quarter. The company says it will pursues new sources of growth, as some of its traditional hardware, software and services businesses erode. Revenue fell 12 percent, to $19.6 billion in the latest quarter. The company says it will pursues new sources of growth, as some of its traditional hardware, software and services businesses erode. Daily Report: IBM Profit Slips as Company Enters Transition Year'), (u'Yahoo, Microsoft Add Termination Clause in Search Deal: Filing', u'Yahoo Inc and Microsoft Corp added a termination clause to the terms of their search partnership agreement under which either company can end the deal on or after Oct. 1, 2015, according to a regulatory filing by Yahoo on Monday.... Yahoo Inc and Microsoft Corp added a termination clause to the terms of their search partnership agreement under which either company can end the deal on or after Oct. 1, 2015, according to a regulatory filing by Yahoo on Monday. (http://1.usa.gov/1En0U0y) Yahoo, Microsoft Add Termination Clause in Search Deal: Filing'), (u"Chip Designer ARM's Q1 Gets iPhone 6 Boost, Shares Hit a High", u"ARM Holdings, the British chip designer favored by Apple, beat expectations for first-quarter profit thanks to demand for the iPhone 6, and said its royalties would grow as its latest technology is used in more smartphones. ARM Holdings, the British chip designer favored by Apple, beat expectations for first-quarter profit thanks to demand for the iPhone 6, and said its royalties would grow as its latest technology is used in more smartphones. Chip Designer ARM's Q1 Gets iPhone 6 Boost, Shares Hit a High"), (u'Qualcomm to Tap Samsung Elec to Make New Mobile Processors: Report', u'U.S. chip maker Qualcomm Inc plans to have its next-generation Snapdragon 820 mobile processors manufactured by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, tech news website Re/code reported, citing unnamed sources. U.S. chip maker Qualcomm Inc plans to have its next-generation Snapdragon 820 mobile processors manufactured by Samsung Electronics Co Ltd, tech news website Re/code reported, citing unnamed sources.  Qualcomm to Tap Samsung Elec to Make New Mobile Processors: Report'), (u'SAP Profit in Line With Forecasts as Sales Surge, Aided by Cheap Euro', u'The weaker euro boosted revenue at German business software maker SAP in the first three months of the year and drove operating profit up 15 percent, although a rise in newer cloud-based software sales squeezed margins. The weaker euro boosted revenue at German business software maker SAP in the first three months of the year and drove operating profit up 15 percent, although a rise in newer cloud-based software sales squeezed margins. SAP Profit in Line With Forecasts as Sales Surge, Aided by Cheap Euro'), (u'Americans Say Cellphone Cameras Not Changing Police Conduct', u'Americans are evenly divided on whether the widespread use of smartphone cameras will improve police behavior and think it has done little to change police conduct so far, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday. Americans are evenly divided on whether the widespread use of smartphone cameras will improve police behavior and think it has done little to change police conduct so far, according to a Reuters/Ipsos poll released on Tuesday. Americans Say Cellphone Cameras Not Changing Police Conduct'), (u'Google Adds \u2018Mobile Friendliness\u2019 to Its Search Criteria', u'While Google remains the dominant search engine, its grasp on the mobile market is slipping in the face of increased competition from &#8220;native&#8221; applications designed for pocket-size devices. While Google remains the dominant search engine, its grasp on the mobile market is slipping in the face of increased competition from &#8220;native&#8221; applications designed for pocket-size devices. Google will add whether a website is mobile friendly to around 200 factors it uses to list websites on its search engine, which could result in many sites experiencing downgrade in their rankings from Google searches. Google Adds \u2018Mobile Friendliness\u2019 to Its Search Criteria'), (u'IBM First-Quarter Earnings Top Wall St. Expectations', u'In what the company has said will be a transition year, its revenue fell 12 percent, to $19.6 billion, but operating profits rose. In what the company has said will be a transition year, its revenue fell 12 percent, to $19.6 billion, but operating profits rose. IBM reports net income of $2.4 billion, decline of 5 percent, and $2.9 billion in operating profits, 4 percent increase; revenue for quarter is reported at $19.6 billion, fall of 12 percent. IBM First-Quarter Earnings Top Wall St. Expectations'), (u'Humanoid Robot Can Recognize and Interact With People', u'A humanoid robot which can mimic human expressions greeted visitors on Saturday (April 18) at a Hong Kong electronics fair. A humanoid robot which can mimic human expressions greeted visitors on Saturday (April 18) at a Hong Kong electronics fair. Humanoid Robot Can Recognize and Interact With People'), (u'Twitter Expands Direct Messaging', u'The microblogging network, which is primarily geared to public messages, is making it easier for its 288 million users to send private messages to each other. The microblogging network, which is primarily geared to public messages, is making it easier for its 288 million users to send private messages to each other. Twitter Expands Direct Messaging'), (u'Uber Must Face Lawsuit Claiming Bias Against Blind Riders', u'Uber Technologies Inc must defend against a lawsuit accusing the popular ride-sharing service of discriminating against blind people by refusing to transport guide dogs, a federal judge ruled. Uber Technologies Inc must defend against a lawsuit accusing the popular ride-sharing service of discriminating against blind people by refusing to transport guide dogs, a federal judge ruled. Uber Must Face Lawsuit Claiming Bias Against Blind Riders'), (u'Humanoid Robot Starts Work at Japanese Department Store', u"Dressed in a kimono and smiling, Aiko Chihira greets shoppers at the entrance of Tokyo's Mitsukoshi department store. But Chihira is no regular employee -- she is a humanoid robot. Dressed in a kimono and smiling, Aiko Chihira greets shoppers at the entrance of Tokyo's Mitsukoshi department store. But Chihira is no regular employee -- she is a humanoid robot. Humanoid Robot Starts Work at Japanese Department Store"), (u'Fugitive Fails to Revive Facebook Lawsuit, Block Criminal Case', u"A federal appeals court on Monday forcefully rejected the fugitive Paul Ceglia's effort to revive what U.S. prosecutors have called his fraudulent lawsuit to extort social media company Facebook Inc and its founder Mark Zuckerberg. A federal appeals court on Monday forcefully rejected the fugitive Paul Ceglia's effort to revive what U.S. prosecutors have called his fraudulent lawsuit to extort social media company Facebook Inc and its founder Mark Zuckerberg. Fugitive Fails to Revive Facebook Lawsuit, Block Criminal Case"), (u'Daily Report: IBM Venture With China Stirs Concerns', u'IBM\u2019s partnership with Teamsun, a Beijing company, to provide key technologies is similar to ones it has made elsewhere, but it has collided with political and trade issues. IBM\u2019s partnership with Teamsun, a Beijing company, to provide key technologies is similar to ones it has made elsewhere, but it has collided with political and trade issues. Daily Report: IBM Venture With China Stirs Concerns'), (u"Israel's Check Point Software Steps Up Expansion Plans", u"Network security provider Check Point Software Technologies plans to sharpen its focus on threat-prevention and mobile security, it said on Monday after posting better than expected first-quarter profit. Network security provider Check Point Software Technologies plans to sharpen its focus on threat-prevention and mobile security, it said on Monday after posting better than expected first-quarter profit. Israel's Check Point Software Steps Up Expansion Plans"), (u'EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document', u'Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results. Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results. EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document'), (u'Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile', u'Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminium frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its struggling mobile operations. Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminium frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its struggling mobile operations. Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile'), (u'Changing Tactics, Apple Promotes Watch as a Luxury Item', u'The Apple Watch will be sold in just nine countries and only through its own channels, entering the world in a different manner from that of the iPhone. The Apple Watch will be sold in just nine countries and only through its own channels, entering the world in a different manner from that of the iPhone. Apple will only sell Apple Watch in nine countries and exclusively through its own channels; is also inviting customers into its store to see, wear and feel the watch, strategy used by many luxury goods makers to create allure. Changing Tactics, Apple Promotes Watch as a Luxury Item'), (u'Box, Provider of Cloud-Computing Services, Faces Make-or-Break Moment', u"Box is nearing a point other young companies are also likely to face: Find a way to cut losses and stay ahead of deep-pocketed competition or disappear. Box is nearing a point other young companies are also likely to face: Find a way to cut losses and stay ahead of deep-pocketed competition or disappear. Box, online file sharing company founded by Aaron Levie that provides services to big business companies over cloud-computing systems, is trying to find way to cut losses and stay ahead of competition from tech heavyweights like Amazon and Microsoft; Box's shares are down 25 percent since it went public. Box, Provider of Cloud-Computing Services, Faces Make-or-Break Moment"), (u'Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile', u'Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminum frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its mobile operations. Sony Corp on Monday unveiled a new high-end Xperia handset featuring an aluminum frame and a 5.2-inch screen, showing it is still in the smartphone race even as it scales down its mobile operations. Sony Unveils New Xperia Phone Even as It Retrenches in Mobile'), (u'DigitalGlobe Unveils New Tools for Troops, Others to Use Imagery', u'DigitalGlobe Inc this week unveiled new Web-based tools that could help military troops, relief workers and others use its high-resolution satellite images, social media feeds and other data without needing massive bandwidth. DigitalGlobe Inc this week unveiled new Web-based tools that could help military troops, relief workers and others use its high-resolution satellite images, social media feeds and other data without needing massive bandwidth. DigitalGlobe Unveils New Tools for Troops, Others to Use Imagery'), (u'Google\u2019s Steely Foe in Europe', u"Margrethe Vestager, the European Union\u2019s commissioner for competition, has a reputation for being tough, but she says it\u2019s her responsibility to make sure that competition is fair and open. Margrethe Vestager, the European Union\u2019s commissioner for competition, has a reputation for being tough, but she says it\u2019s her responsibility to make sure that competition is fair and open. Profile of Margrethe Vestager, European Union commissioner for competition who has chosen to take on Google; colleagues say that Vestager's decision to file charges, despite failure of similar case in the United States, comes as no surprise given her courage and toughness. Google\u2019s Steely Foe in Europe"), (u'Technology That Prods You to Take Action, Not Just Collect Data', u'New self-monitoring devices are more about behavior change than data-gathering. New self-monitoring devices are more about behavior change than data-gathering. Natasha Singer Technophoria column examines work of cultural anthropologist Natasha Dow Schull, whose upcoming book Keeping Track explores evolution of contemporary digital self-tracking; observes that Schull favors devices that provide information on habits and scheduling for their users to analyze, rather than infantilizing products that poke and prod users into changing behavior toward predetermined goal. Technology That Prods You to Take Action, Not Just Collect Data'), (u'Russian Cyber Attackers Used Two Unknown Flaws: Security Company', u'A widely reported Russian cyber-spying campaign against diplomatic targets in the United States and elsewhere has been using two previously unknown flaws in software to penetrate target machines, a security company investigating the matter said on... A widely reported Russian cyber-spying campaign against diplomatic targets in the United States and elsewhere has been using two previously unknown flaws in software to penetrate target machines, a security company investigating the matter said on Saturday. Russian Cyber Attackers Used Two Unknown Flaws: Security Company'), (u'China Fines Alibaba $129,000 for Pricing Violations', u"China's e-commerce giant, Alibaba Group, has been fined 800,000 yuan ($129,000) by the price bureau in eastern Zhejiang province for violations by third-party sellers during promotions on its e-commerce platforms. China's e-commerce giant, Alibaba Group, has been fined 800,000 yuan ($129,000) by the price bureau in eastern Zhejiang province for violations by third-party sellers during promotions on its e-commerce platforms.  China Fines Alibaba $129,000 for Pricing Violations"), (u'Taking a Facebook Break, Temporarily or for Good', u'The site lets users deactivate their accounts and then return with all content intact. Permanently deleting an account wipes it, and all the content, out. The site lets users deactivate their accounts and then return with all content intact. Permanently deleting an account wipes it, and all the content, out. Taking a Facebook Break, Temporarily or for Good'), (u'Scientists Create Self-Powering Camera', u'By Elly Park By Elly Park Scientists Create Self-Powering Camera'), (u'Symantec CEO Says Pressing Ahead With Veritas Spin-Off', u'Software security and storage provider Symantec is moving ahead with its plans to split into two publicly traded companies by January, a move that it views as more tax-efficient than a sale of one of its units, top executives said this week. Software security and storage provider Symantec is moving ahead with its plans to split into two publicly traded companies by January, a move that it views as more tax-efficient than a sale of one of its units, top executives said this week. Symantec CEO Says Pressing Ahead With Veritas Spin-Off'), (u'U.S. Charges Four Companies, Five People Over Alleged Tech Exports to Iran', u'Four companies and five people have been charged with illegally exporting high-tech microelectronics, uninterruptible power supplies and other products to Iran through Taiwan and Turkey, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday. Four companies and five people have been charged with illegally exporting high-tech microelectronics, uninterruptible power supplies and other products to Iran through Taiwan and Turkey, the U.S. Justice Department said on Friday. U.S. Charges Four Companies, Five People Over Alleged Tech Exports to Iran'), (u'EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document', u'Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results. Internet platforms such as Google, Microsoft and Yahoo! will be the subject of a widespread inquiry by European regulators to determine whether they are transparent enough in how they display search results. EU to Investigate Transparency of Internet Search Results: Document'), (u"Don't Plan to Line Up for Apple Watch Next Week", u"If you're planning on buying the new Apple Watch, don't expect to walk into a store and leave with one next week. If you're planning on buying the new Apple Watch, don't expect to walk into a store and leave with one next week. Don't Plan to Line Up for Apple Watch Next Week"), (u'Microsoft Unveils Touch-Friendly Office Apps for Windows Phones', u'Microsoft Corp on Friday unveiled a long-awaited suite of touch-friendly Office apps that allow Windows phone users to work on Word, PowerPoint and Excel documents on their phones with touch commands and to transfer them easily between devices. Microsoft Corp on Friday unveiled a long-awaited suite of touch-friendly Office apps that allow Windows phone users to work on Word, PowerPoint and Excel documents on their phones with touch commands and to transfer them easily between devices. Microsoft Unveils Touch-Friendly Office Apps for Windows Phones'), (u'FCC to Open Up Valuable Airwaves for Tech and Telecom Companies', u'U.S. regulators on Friday voted to open a swath of government-controlled airwaves for commercial use by tech and telecom companies such as Verizon Communications Inc and Google Inc as they seek to meet growing data demands from new wireless devices. U.S. regulators on Friday voted to open a swath of government-controlled airwaves for commercial use by tech and telecom companies such as Verizon Communications Inc and Google Inc as they seek to meet growing data demands from new wireless devices. FCC to Open Up Valuable Airwaves for Tech and Telecom Companies'), (u'Data App Pushes Chinese Factories to Cut Pollution', u'When environmentalist Ma Jun set out to tackle pollution from Chinese industries, it seemed a near-impossible task. When environmentalist Ma Jun set out to tackle pollution from Chinese industries, it seemed a near-impossible task. Data App Pushes Chinese Factories to Cut Pollution'), (u'Dutch Launch Criminal Investigation Into Uber', u'Dutch prosecutors launched a criminal investigation into Uber for providing an illegal taxi service in violation of a court order, a statement said on Friday. Dutch prosecutors launched a criminal investigation into Uber for providing an illegal taxi service in violation of a court order, a statement said on Friday. Dutch Launch Criminal Investigation Into Uber'), (u'Bloomberg Outage Hits Financial Markets', u'A two-hour outage at news and market data provider Bloomberg LP hit financial markets around the world on Friday, prompting debt sales to be postponed and exacerbating a spike in volatility in European stocks. A two-hour outage at news and market data provider Bloomberg LP hit financial markets around the world on Friday, prompting debt sales to be postponed and exacerbating a spike in volatility in European stocks. Bloomberg Outage Hits Financial Markets'), (u'Daily Report: Etsy&#8217;s Market Debut Is a Test for a New Business Model', u'As a public company, Etsy is expected to face scrutiny from investors on how much it prioritizes its noble pursuits over its bottom line. As a public company, Etsy is expected to face scrutiny from investors on how much it prioritizes its noble pursuits over its bottom line. Daily Report: Etsy&#8217;s Market Debut Is a Test for a New Business Model'), (u'China Says Investigating Former China Telecom Vice President', u"China's top anti-graft agency has opened an investigation into former China Telecom Corp Ltd president and chief engineer Leng Rongquan, a 20-year executive and Communist Party member who retired in 2010. China's top anti-graft agency has opened an investigation into former China Telecom Corp Ltd president and chief engineer Leng Rongquan, a 20-year executive and Communist Party member who retired in 2010. China Says Investigating Former China Telecom Vice President"), (u'Village Women Run Safe Water Franchises in Arsenic-Hit India, Bangladesh', u'Rural housewives in countries such as India and Bangladesh, where ground water has high levels of arsenic, are being encouraged to set up businesses to sell safe water to save lives in their communities and earn some income. Rural housewives in countries such as India and Bangladesh, where ground water has high levels of arsenic, are being encouraged to set up businesses to sell safe water to save lives in their communities and earn some income. Village Women Run Safe Water Franchises in Arsenic-Hit India, Bangladesh'), (u'Google Shaking Up Search Recommendations on Smartphones', u"Google is about to change the way its influential search engine recommends websites on smartphones in a shift that's expected to sway where millions of people shop, eat and find information. Google is about to change the way its influential search engine recommends websites on smartphones in a shift that's expected to sway where millions of people shop, eat and find information. Google Shaking Up Search Recommendations on Smartphones"), (u'Alibaba Helps Sinopec With Cloud Computing, Big Data', u"Chinese e-commerce titan Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has tied up with Sinopec, Asia's biggest oil refiner, to provide cloud computing services and 'big data' analysis, the companies said. Chinese e-commerce titan Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has tied up with Sinopec, Asia's biggest oil refiner, to provide cloud computing services and 'big data' analysis, the companies said. Alibaba Helps Sinopec With Cloud Computing, Big Data"), (u'With Eye on Mobile, Yahoo Revises Its Search Partnership With Microsoft', u'Under the new agreement, Yahoo will be allowed to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to its sites and apps. Under the new agreement, Yahoo will be allowed to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to its sites and apps. Yahoo and Microsoft announce significant amendment to their 10-year partnership, under which Yahoo will now be able to deliver its own search results and ads for up to half the searches made by visitors to its sites and apps; shift represents coup for Yahoo chief Marissa Mayer. With Eye on Mobile, Yahoo Revises Its Search Partnership With Microsoft'), (u'Jackpots for Local TV Stations in F.C.C. Auction of Airwaves', u'The Federal Communications Commission is trying to persuade hundreds of TV stations to part with some of the most desirable airwaves, which would be acquired by mobile providers. The Federal Communications Commission is trying to persuade hundreds of TV stations to part with some of the most desirable airwaves, which would be acquired by mobile providers. Federal Communications Commission officials scramble to convince local television stations across country to sell airwaves, part of multi billion-dollar plan to increase spectrum available to mobile communications; many stations are intrigued by potential windfall, but remain reluctant due to fact that sales will force them to go off air or move to different channels. Jackpots for Local TV Stations in F.C.C. Auction of Airwaves'), (u'Is Slack Really Worth $2.8 Billion? A Conversation With Stewart Butterfield', u'The corporate messaging start-up Slack raised $160 million at a $2.8 billion valuation. Stewart Butterfield, the company\u2019s chief executive, discusses Silicon Valley\u2019s easy-money moment. The corporate messaging start-up Slack raised $160 million at a $2.8 billion valuation. Stewart Butterfield, the company\u2019s chief executive, discusses Silicon Valley\u2019s easy-money moment. Is Slack Really Worth $2.8 Billion? A Conversation With Stewart Butterfield'), (u'U.S. Air Force Moves Toward Common Satellite Control System', u'The U.S. Air Force is studying how to develop a common ground system to track, communicate with and control all the satellites it operates, a move that would save money and improve cybersecurity, the head of Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. The U.S. Air Force is studying how to develop a common ground system to track, communicate with and control all the satellites it operates, a move that would save money and improve cybersecurity, the head of Air Force Space Command said on Thursday. U.S. Air Force Moves Toward Common Satellite Control System'), (u'China&#8217;s DJI Drones Flying High Among U.S. Companies', u'Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has established a strong early lead in the U.S. commercial market as companies turn to its inexpensive, light-weight flying devices for a host of uses from shooting films to mapping and site inspections. Chinese drone maker SZ DJI Technology Co Ltd has established a strong early lead in the U.S. commercial market as companies turn to its inexpensive, light-weight flying devices for a host of uses from shooting films to mapping and site inspections. China&#8217;s DJI Drones Flying High Among U.S. Companies'), (u'Sprint Unit Launches Prepaid Cell-Phone Service to Cuba', u'Boost Mobile, part of Sprint Corp, on Thursday launched a prepaid plan for U.S. consumers calling and texting Cuba, taking advantage of new, relaxed U.S. commercial regulations with the Communist-run island nation. Boost Mobile, part of Sprint Corp, on Thursday launched a prepaid plan for U.S. consumers calling and texting Cuba, taking advantage of new, relaxed U.S. commercial regulations with the Communist-run island nation. Sprint Unit Launches Prepaid Cell-Phone Service to Cuba'), (u'AMD Loss Bigger Than Expected as PC Sales Remain Weak', u'U.S. chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices Inc reported a bigger-than-expected adjusted loss and a steep fall in sales for the first quarter and said it expected weak demand for personal computers to continue for some time. U.S. chipmaker Advanced Micro Devices Inc reported a bigger-than-expected adjusted loss and a steep fall in sales for the first quarter and said it expected weak demand for personal computers to continue for some time. AMD Loss Bigger Than Expected as PC Sales Remain Weak'), (u'Apple Watch Availability Is Clarified', u'Apple\u2019s retail head, Angela Ahrendts, has told retail employees that the Apple Watch will not be available for in-store purchasing on the day of its April 24 release. Apple\u2019s retail head, Angela Ahrendts, has told retail employees that the Apple Watch will not be available for in-store purchasing on the day of its April 24 release. Apple Watch Availability Is Clarified'), (u'Getting Around Without Draining Your Phone Battery', u'By Ben Gruber By Ben Gruber Getting Around Without Draining Your Phone Battery'), (u'Accused Facebook Fraud Fugitive Still Missing, U.S. Appeals Court Hears', u'A lawyer for a New York man who disappeared ahead of his criminal trial over charges he tried to defraud Facebook Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg told a U.S. appeals court his client was like the fugitive protagonist of "Les Mis&#233;rables." A lawyer for a New York man who disappeared ahead of his criminal trial over charges he tried to defraud Facebook Inc founder Mark Zuckerberg told a U.S. appeals court his client was like the fugitive protagonist of "Les Mis&#233;rables." Accused Facebook Fraud Fugitive Still Missing, U.S. Appeals Court Hears'), (u'Andreessen Horowitz Hires Facebook Former General Counsel Ted Ullyot', u"Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz has hired Facebook Inc's former general counsel Ted Ullyot for handling its policy and regulatory affairs. Venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz has hired Facebook Inc's former general counsel Ted Ullyot for handling its policy and regulatory affairs. Andreessen Horowitz Hires Facebook Former General Counsel Ted Ullyot"), (u"Apple Cooperation With Antitrust Monitor Down 'Sharply': Report", u'Apple Inc\'s cooperation with a court-appointed monitor has "sharply declined" as he reviews the iPad maker\'s antitrust compliance policies, the monitor wrote in a report to a judge. Apple Inc\'s cooperation with a court-appointed monitor has "sharply declined" as he reviews the iPad maker\'s antitrust compliance policies, the monitor wrote in a report to a judge. Apple Cooperation With Antitrust Monitor Down \'Sharply\': Report'), (u'Apple Watches Will Not Be Available In-Store in May: Telegraph', u"Apple Inc's watches will not be available to buy in-store in May, according to a memo from Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the Telegraph reported. Apple Inc's watches will not be available to buy in-store in May, according to a memo from Apple retail chief Angela Ahrendts, the Telegraph reported. Apple Watches Will Not Be Available In-Store in May: Telegraph"), (u'Verizon Adds College Sports to Mobile Video Service', u'Verizon Communications Inc will offer college sports programing in its upcoming online video service targeted at families and younger viewers who increasingly watch content on mobile devices, the company said on Thursday. Verizon Communications Inc will offer college sports programing in its upcoming online video service targeted at families and younger viewers who increasingly watch content on mobile devices, the company said on Thursday. Verizon Adds College Sports to Mobile Video Service'), (u'Berlin Court Upholds Ban on Uber Ride-Share Service', u'A Berlin court has upheld a ban on the U.S-based online taxi service Uber, which allows users to summon a ride with their smartphones, saying the company did not comply with German laws on the carriage of passengers. A Berlin court has upheld a ban on the U.S-based online taxi service Uber, which allows users to summon a ride with their smartphones, saying the company did not comply with German laws on the carriage of passengers. Berlin Court Upholds Ban on Uber Ride-Share Service'), (u'Crafts Website Company Etsy Valued at $4 Billion in Market Debut', u'Shares of Etsy Inc, an online marketplace for handmade goods and crafts, more than doubled in their debut on Thursday, valuing the company at about $4 billion. Shares of Etsy Inc, an online marketplace for handmade goods and crafts, more than doubled in their debut on Thursday, valuing the company at about $4 billion.  Crafts Website Company Etsy Valued at $4 Billion in Market Debut'), (u"India's Tata Consultancy Accused in U.S. Lawsuit of South Asian Bias", u"Tata Consultancy Services Ltd has been sued by a white American information technology worker who accused India's largest software services exporter of overwhelming favoritism toward workers of South Asian descent in the United States. Tata Consultancy Services Ltd has been sued by a white American information technology worker who accused India's largest software services exporter of overwhelming favoritism toward workers of South Asian descent in the United States. India's Tata Consultancy Accused in U.S. Lawsuit of South Asian Bias"), (u'Microsoft and Yahoo Amend Search Deal', u'Microsoft Corp and Yahoo Inc amended a 2009 search partnership, giving Yahoo more control over how search results are displayed on desktops and mobile devices. Microsoft Corp and Yahoo Inc amended a 2009 search partnership, giving Yahoo more control over how search results are displayed on desktops and mobile devices. Microsoft and Yahoo Amend Search Deal'), (u'German Union Threatens Amazon With Long Fight Over Wages', u'German labor union Verdi is prepared for a long fight with U.S. online retailer Amazon.com Inc for better pay and conditions and expects more strikes this Christmas. German labor union Verdi is prepared for a long fight with U.S. online retailer Amazon.com Inc for better pay and conditions and expects more strikes this Christmas. German Union Threatens Amazon With Long Fight Over Wages'), (u'SunPower, Apple to Build Solar Projects in China', u"Solar panel maker SunPower Corp said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two solar power projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts. Solar panel maker SunPower Corp said it would partner with Apple Inc to build two solar power projects in China's Sichuan province with total capacity of 40 megawatts. SunPower, Apple to Build Solar Projects in China"), (u'Apple Digs In on Green With China Solar, US Forest Projects', u'In a quest to be more green, Apple says it is investing in Chinese solar power and preserving forests that make environmentally friendly paper. In a quest to be more green, Apple says it is investing in Chinese solar power and preserving forests that make environmentally friendly paper. Apple Digs In on Green With China Solar, US Forest Projects'), (u'Seattle Homeless Newspaper Vendors Pioneer Scan-To-Pay Google App', u"Street vendors selling Seattle's Real Change newspaper will accept digital payments from Thursday through a new smartphone application developed by workers at Google Inc in a volunteer project to help hawkers serve increasingly cashless patrons. Street vendors selling Seattle's Real Change newspaper will accept digital payments from Thursday through a new smartphone application developed by workers at Google Inc in a volunteer project to help hawkers serve increasingly cashless patrons.  Seattle Homeless Newspaper Vendors Pioneer Scan-To-Pay Google App"), (u'Daily Report: Joining American Peers, Google Gets Caught in Europe&#8217;s Cross Hairs', u'American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices. American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices. Daily Report: Joining American Peers, Google Gets Caught in Europe&#8217;s Cross Hairs'), (u'Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand', u'Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds. Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds. Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand'), (u'Israeli App Developer Zemingo on Acquisition Trail', u"Zemingo, Israel's biggest mobile applications developer, is on the hunt for more acquisitions to help it to double annual sales. Zemingo, Israel's biggest mobile applications developer, is on the hunt for more acquisitions to help it to double annual sales. Israeli App Developer Zemingo on Acquisition Trail"), (u'Net Neutrality Row Grows Louder in India, Internet.org Hit', u"A group of India's leading technology and Internet firms has pulled out of Internet.org, Facebook's flagship effort to get billions more online, in a growing debate over free access and internet neutrality in the country. A group of India's leading technology and Internet firms has pulled out of Internet.org, Facebook's flagship effort to get billions more online, in a growing debate over free access and internet neutrality in the country. Net Neutrality Row Grows Louder in India, Internet.org Hit"), (u'Los Angeles Schools Seeking Refund Over Botched iPad Plan: LA Times', u"The Los Angeles Unified School District is seeking a refund from Apple Inc over the district's bungled $1.3 billion effort to supply students with iPads, the Los Angeles Times reported on Wednesday. The Los Angeles Unified School District is seeking a refund from Apple Inc over the district's bungled $1.3 billion effort to supply students with iPads, the Los Angeles Times reported on Wednesday. Los Angeles Schools Seeking Refund Over Botched iPad Plan: LA Times"), (u"No Sex Please, Just Cutesy Flirting and Strawberries for China's Online Hostesses", u"In China's online hostessing world, men find virtual company and the women can find riches. In China's online hostessing world, men find virtual company and the women can find riches. No Sex Please, Just Cutesy Flirting and Strawberries for China's Online Hostesses"), (u'SanDisk Forecasts First Full-Year Revenue Decline in Three Years', u'SanDisk Corp forecast a steeper-than-expected fall in full-year revenue and said it plans to cut jobs to reduce costs, as the data storage products maker struggles to meet demand for its flash-based memory products. SanDisk Corp forecast a steeper-than-expected fall in full-year revenue and said it plans to cut jobs to reduce costs, as the data storage products maker struggles to meet demand for its flash-based memory products. SanDisk Forecasts First Full-Year Revenue Decline in Three Years'), (u'Microsoft, Once an Antitrust Target, Is Now Google\u2019s Regulatory Scold   ', u"The European Union is accusing Google of abusing its dominance, and Microsoft has links with the three initial complainants that sparked the antitrust investigation. The European Union is accusing Google of abusing its dominance, and Microsoft has links with the three initial complainants that sparked the antitrust investigation. Microsoft is seen as playing role in antitrust case brought against Google by European regulators; has spent more in lobbying than any European company, funding local splinter groups like Initiative for a Competitive Online Marketplace, or Icomp, which has mounted unrelenting public relations campaign criticizing Google's dominance. Microsoft, Once an Antitrust Target, Is Now Google\u2019s Regulatory Scold   "), (u'Devices and Apps for Heading Outdoors After the Thaw', u'A number of noteworthy electronics can help you whether you\u2019re gardening in the backyard or going for a bike ride. A number of noteworthy electronics can help you whether you\u2019re gardening in the backyard or going for a bike ride. Gadgetwise column; number of devices are available that allow users to make the most of the spring season outdoors. Devices and Apps for Heading Outdoors After the Thaw'), (u'Video Feature: Navigating London From Your Smartphone', u'Many apps offer information on the city&#8217;s events, transportation, historic sites and more. Many apps offer information on the city&#8217;s events, transportation, historic sites and more. Kit Eaton App Smart column rounds up mobile apps that aid travelers in navigating London; recommends Flynx app for Android, which speeds up access to web links from within any other app. Video Feature: Navigating London From Your Smartphone'), (u'Case Against Google May Be Undercut by Rapid Changes in Technology', u"As the antitrust case against Microsoft showed, the giants that look most unbeatable can falter in ways that have nothing to do with the actions of government regulators. As the antitrust case against Microsoft showed, the giants that look most unbeatable can falter in ways that have nothing to do with the actions of government regulators. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column suggests antitrust case filed against Microsoft raises questions about strength of European Union competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager's case against Google; points to fluid and uncertain technology market as reason why case might fall apart, given that tech giants today could become rapidly obsolete due to rapid innovation in market. Case Against Google May Be Undercut by Rapid Changes in Technology"), (u'Google Joins Its U.S. Peers Under Europe\u2019s Scrutiny', u'American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices. American technology companies are no strangers to antitrust challenges by European regulators, but the cost has tended to be measured in money and time, not business practices. Formal antitrust charges filed against Google by European Commission are latest regulatory challenge to an American tech company by European authorities, which have long challenged titans of field; while tech companies tend to continue doing business as usual while battling regulators, cost to companies is time and money spent defending practices that they should abandon in order to respond to changing technology market. Google Joins Its U.S. Peers Under Europe\u2019s Scrutiny'), (u'Intuit Statement on Tax Policy', u'In response to questions, David Williams, Intuit\u2019s chief tax officer, sent a statement outlining the company\u2019s positions on debates over tax policy. In response to questions, David Williams, Intuit\u2019s chief tax officer, sent a statement outlining the company\u2019s positions on debates over tax policy. Intuit Statement on Tax Policy'), (u'Would You Let the I.R.S. Prepare Your Taxes?', u"The maker of the TurboTax tax preparation program opposes return-free filing, a system that might eliminate the use of its software. The maker of the TurboTax tax preparation program opposes return-free filing, a system that might eliminate the use of its software. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column describes how Stanford tax law Prof Joseph Bankman has, along with small group of tax experts, pushed federal government to introduce new tax preparation method to save taxpayers' money and time; notes that Intuit, maker of popular tax program TurboTax, has been one of the most vocal opponents of reform plan. Would You Let the I.R.S. Prepare Your Taxes?"), (u'Creating a Windows Recovery Drive', u'For owners of computers without floppy or CD drives, they can use a pocket flash as a start-up device instead. For owners of computers without floppy or CD drives, they can use a pocket flash as a start-up device instead. Personal Tech Q&A on using pocket flash drive as start-up device for computer; using web browsers on older Mac computer; Tip of the Week on many helpful apps included in Mac OS X 10.10. Creating a Windows Recovery Drive'), (u'App Smart | London Calling', u'Kit Eaton reviews several apps to make planning your trip to London easy and help you navigate around this popular tourist destination. Kit Eaton reviews several apps to make planning your trip to London easy and help you navigate around this popular tourist destination. App Smart | London Calling'), (u'Nudge + Coach App Connects Health Data to a Real-Life Coach', u'Nudge, a small start-up, has a solution to the problem of what to do with all the data collected by wearable gadgets and data trackers. Nudge, a small start-up, has a solution to the problem of what to do with all the data collected by wearable gadgets and data trackers. Nudge + Coach App Connects Health Data to a Real-Life Coach'), (u"China's Huawei Shows Smartphone Credentials With P8 Launch", u"China's Huawei unveiled its flagship P8 and P8 Max smartphones on Wednesday, devices that stack up against the latest models from Samsung and Apple in technical specifications if not marketing budget. China's Huawei unveiled its flagship P8 and P8 Max smartphones on Wednesday, devices that stack up against the latest models from Samsung and Apple in technical specifications if not marketing budget. China's Huawei Shows Smartphone Credentials With P8 Launch"), (u'Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand', u'Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds. Panasonic Avionics says it will need to double the rate at which it installs Wi-Fi systems on aircraft to catch up with skyrocketing demand from airlines to keep passengers connected above the clouds. Panasonic Eyes Doubling of Airline Wi-Fi Installation to Meet Demand'), (u'Bits Daily Report: E.U. Antitrust Chief Formally Accuses Google of Abuse', u'The charge focuses on accusations that the company diverts traffic from its rivals to favor its own products and services, particularly websites for shopping. The charge focuses on accusations that the company diverts traffic from its rivals to favor its own products and services, particularly websites for shopping. Bits Daily Report: E.U. Antitrust Chief Formally Accuses Google of Abuse'), (u'Segway Finds Some Respect and a Buyer in China', u'The Segway, the punchline of countless jokes about overhyped gadgets, may get the last laugh: A company in China plans to acquire the scooter maker. The Segway, the punchline of countless jokes about overhyped gadgets, may get the last laugh: A company in China plans to acquire the scooter maker. Segway Finds Some Respect and a Buyer in China'), (u'Tech Mahindra Teams Up With Comverse, to Take on Israeli Engineers', u'Information technology group Tech Mahindra is partnering with U.S.-Israeli Comverse Inc to set up a research and development center in Israel. Information technology group Tech Mahindra is partnering with U.S.-Israeli Comverse Inc to set up a research and development center in Israel. Tech Mahindra Teams Up With Comverse, to Take on Israeli Engineers'), (u'EU Accuses Google of Hurting Consumers, Competitors in Web Search Case', u'The European Union accused Google Inc on Wednesday of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting Web search results to favor its own shopping service, after a five-year investigation that could change the rules for business online. The European Union accused Google Inc on Wednesday of cheating consumers and competitors by distorting Web search results to favor its own shopping service, after a five-year investigation that could change the rules for business online. EU Accuses Google of Hurting Consumers, Competitors in Web Search Case'), (u'EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources', u'EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said. EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said. EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources'), (u'Yahoo and Facebook Shares Outperform Google in Frankfurt', u'The Frankfurt-listed shares of Internet companies Yahoo and Facebook outperformed those of rival Google, after media reports that Google would face anti-trust action from the European Union. The Frankfurt-listed shares of Internet companies Yahoo and Facebook outperformed those of rival Google, after media reports that Google would face anti-trust action from the European Union. Yahoo and Facebook Shares Outperform Google in Frankfurt'), (u'TechBits: Analyzing Medical Data, Breaking Smartphones', u'Your smartphone could be a valuable tool for medical research &#8212; and for treating a variety of ailments. Your smartphone could be a valuable tool for medical research &#8212; and for treating a variety of ailments. TechBits: Analyzing Medical Data, Breaking Smartphones'), (u"Review: Adobe PDF Tool Is Great, but Casual Users Won't Need", u"No doubt you've run across your share of PDF documents in your work and personal life. Adobe's Portable Document Format has become a common way to publish newsletters, instruction manuals and even tax forms. Creating your own PDF document is easy,... No doubt you've run across your share of PDF documents in your work and personal life. Adobe's Portable Document Format has become a common way to publish newsletters, instruction manuals and even tax forms. Creating your own PDF document is easy, with features built into major Web browsers and Apple's Mac system, or available through an array of free Windows apps. Review: Adobe PDF Tool Is Great, but Casual Users Won't Need"), (u'Xiaomi-Backed Chinese Firm Acquires Iconic Scooter Maker Segway', u'Chinese transportation robotics firm Ninebot said on Wednesday it has acquired U.S. rival Segway Inc, the company behind the self-balancing scooter that became a technological marvel when it was launched in the early 2000s but whose hype then faded. Chinese transportation robotics firm Ninebot said on Wednesday it has acquired U.S. rival Segway Inc, the company behind the self-balancing scooter that became a technological marvel when it was launched in the early 2000s but whose hype then faded. Xiaomi-Backed Chinese Firm Acquires Iconic Scooter Maker Segway'), (u"China's JD.com Sets Up Cross-Border e-Commerce Platform in Challenge to Alibaba", u"JD.com Inc, China's No. 2 e-commerce player, on Wednesday launched its JD Worldwide cross-border online shopping platform, a challenger to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Tmall Global service. JD.com Inc, China's No. 2 e-commerce player, on Wednesday launched its JD Worldwide cross-border online shopping platform, a challenger to Alibaba Group Holding Ltd's Tmall Global service. China's JD.com Sets Up Cross-Border e-Commerce Platform in Challenge to Alibaba"), (u'Nokia Aims to Become Networks Giant With Alcatel-Lucent Deal', u'Nokia will buy ailing French telecom company Alcatel-Lucent for around 15.6 billion euros ($16.5 billion) through a public exchange of shares in France and the United States, in a bid to become a leading global networks operator. Nokia will buy ailing French telecom company Alcatel-Lucent for around 15.6 billion euros ($16.5 billion) through a public exchange of shares in France and the United States, in a bid to become a leading global networks operator. Nokia Aims to Become Networks Giant With Alcatel-Lucent Deal'), (u'Alibaba Injects Pharmacy Business Into HK-Listed Affiliate in $2.5 Billion Deal', u'Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding is injecting its online pharmacy operations into a Hong Kong-listed affiliate in a $2.5 billion deal to consolidate its healthcare enterprise and ride a boom in online health-related business. Chinese e-commerce firm Alibaba Group Holding is injecting its online pharmacy operations into a Hong Kong-listed affiliate in a $2.5 billion deal to consolidate its healthcare enterprise and ride a boom in online health-related business. Alibaba Injects Pharmacy Business Into HK-Listed Affiliate in $2.5 Billion Deal'), (u'The Robotics Inventors Who Are Trying to Take the \u2018Hard\u2019 Out of Hardware', u"A handful of low-budget innovators are working to reinvent rigid, heavy machines and robots with materials that are soft, light, cheap and squeezable. A handful of low-budget innovators are working to reinvent rigid, heavy machines and robots with materials that are soft, light, cheap and squeezable. Otherlab, research company founded by Dr Saul Griffith in San Francisco, is at forefront of movement called 'soft robotics'; group's engineers aim to bypass problems of conventional engineering by using lighter, softer materials, creating cheaper and more effective products; soft technology has resulted in non-rigid exoskeletons for military and disabled people, inflatable quarantine rooms, and range of other biologically-inspired designs. The Robotics Inventors Who Are Trying to Take the \u2018Hard\u2019 Out of Hardware"), (u'Google Expected to Face Antitrust Charges in Europe', u'Europe&#8217;s antitrust chief is expected to accuse the search giant of using its dominant position to favor its own services, a case that could force a change in its practices. Europe&#8217;s antitrust chief is expected to accuse the search giant of using its dominant position to favor its own services, a case that could force a change in its practices. European Commission is expected to bring antitrust charges against Google, accusing it of using its 90 percent search market share to favor its own services over others; case would be largest of its kind since that against Microsoft, and could present Google with an enormous fine and prospect of shifting its business practices on the Continent. Google Expected to Face Antitrust Charges in Europe'), (u'Intel Earnings Rise 3%, Despite Slow PC Market', u'The world\u2019s largest semiconductor company matched Wall Street expectations, reflecting aggressive cost management. The world\u2019s largest semiconductor company matched Wall Street expectations, reflecting aggressive cost management. Intel reports first-quarter net income of $2 billion, up 3 percent from year-earlier period; gains reflect aggressive cost management in weak personal computer market. Intel Earnings Rise 3%, Despite Slow PC Market'), (u'California Drought Renews Thirst for Desalination Plants', u"California's 3-year-old drought has thrust seawater desalination into the spotlight as San Diego County, Santa Barbara and other cities push ahead with treatment plants that will soon turn the Pacific Ocean into a source of drinking water. California's 3-year-old drought has thrust seawater desalination into the spotlight as San Diego County, Santa Barbara and other cities push ahead with treatment plants that will soon turn the Pacific Ocean into a source of drinking water. California Drought Renews Thirst for Desalination Plants"), (u'Report Questions Whether Health Apps Benefit Healthy People', u'Health apps could turn healthy people into self-monitoring neurotics, according to a new article in a leading medical journal. Health apps could turn healthy people into self-monitoring neurotics, according to a new article in a leading medical journal. Report Questions Whether Health Apps Benefit Healthy People'), (u"India Builds First 'Smart' City as Urban Population Swells", u'India\'s push to accommodate a booming urban population and attract investment rests in large part with dozens of "smart" cities like the one being built on the dusty banks of the Sabarmati river in western India. India\'s push to accommodate a booming urban population and attract investment rests in large part with dozens of "smart" cities like the one being built on the dusty banks of the Sabarmati river in western India. India Builds First \'Smart\' City as Urban Population Swells'), (u'EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources', u'EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said. EU competition regulators will not have a formal antitrust charge sheet against Google ready for Wednesday and it could still take several months to draw up, two sources familiar with the matter said. EU Antitrust Charge Sheet Against Google Could Take Several Months: Sources'), (u'EU to Announce Antitrust Moves Against Google on Wednesday: Papers', u'The European Union will accuse Google Inc on Wednesday of abusing its dominant position in Internet searches, opening the U.S. tech company up to a risk of massive fines and enforced changes in its business model, the Financial Times and Wall Street... The European Union will accuse Google Inc on Wednesday of abusing its dominant position in Internet searches, opening the U.S. tech company up to a risk of massive fines and enforced changes in its business model, the Financial Times and Wall Street Journal said on Tuesday. EU to Announce Antitrust Moves Against Google on Wednesday: Papers'), (u'Papal iPad Fetches $30,500 at Auction in Uruguay', u'An Apple iPad which belonged to Pope Francis fetched $30,500 at auction on Tuesday, with proceeds going to a school for the poor in Uruguay, the local auction house selling the item said. An Apple iPad which belonged to Pope Francis fetched $30,500 at auction on Tuesday, with proceeds going to a school for the poor in Uruguay, the local auction house selling the item said. Papal iPad Fetches $30,500 at Auction in Uruguay'), (u'Florida Artist Claims Apple Stole His Style', u'A Miami artist whose work has been used in Coca-Cola, Disney and Mattel advertisements is suing Apple Inc. claiming the California-based technology giant copied his signature bold bright colors and cartoony figures in a recent marketing campaign. A Miami artist whose work has been used in Coca-Cola, Disney and Mattel advertisements is suing Apple Inc. claiming the California-based technology giant copied his signature bold bright colors and cartoony figures in a recent marketing campaign. Florida Artist Claims Apple Stole His Style'), (u'General Dynamics Says Still Focused on Government Cybersecurity Business', u'General Dynamics Corp, the maker of Gulfstream jets, tanks and war ships, said it remained focused on its core cybersecurity business of serving government agencies and that its sale of Fidelis Cybersecurity Solutions was aimed at trimming a non-core... General Dynamics Corp, the maker of Gulfstream jets, tanks and war ships, said it remained focused on its core cybersecurity business of serving government agencies and that its sale of Fidelis Cybersecurity Solutions was aimed at trimming a non-core business. General Dynamics Says Still Focused on Government Cybersecurity Business'), (u'Computer Sciences Corp to Cut 10 Percent of Nordic Staff', u'IT provider Computer Sciences Corp  will cut 350 staff  members of its 3,500-strong Nordic workforce, the U.S. technology consultancy said on Tuesday. IT provider Computer Sciences Corp  will cut 350 staff  members of its 3,500-strong Nordic workforce, the U.S. technology consultancy said on Tuesday. Computer Sciences Corp to Cut 10 Percent of Nordic Staff'), (u"India's Flipkart Ends Talks to Join Bharti Airtel Marketing Platform", u"India's largest online marketplace Flipkart said on Tuesday it would end talks with mobile operator Bharti Airtel Ltd to join its new marketing platform for mobile application makers. India's largest online marketplace Flipkart said on Tuesday it would end talks with mobile operator Bharti Airtel Ltd to join its new marketing platform for mobile application makers. India's Flipkart Ends Talks to Join Bharti Airtel Marketing Platform"), (u'Daily Report: In Silicon Valley, Helping the Homeless With Tech', u'Some companies in the Bay Area turn to technology to help people who sleep on the streets, for whom a phone can be a lifeline. Some companies in the Bay Area turn to technology to help people who sleep on the streets, for whom a phone can be a lifeline. Daily Report: In Silicon Valley, Helping the Homeless With Tech'), (u'Opera Software Targets 350 Million Mobile Browser Users in 2017', u"Norway's Opera Software on Tuesday launched a new version of the Opera Mini browser for Android phones, hoping to more than double its smartphone user base by the end of 2017. Norway's Opera Software on Tuesday launched a new version of the Opera Mini browser for Android phones, hoping to more than double its smartphone user base by the end of 2017. Opera Software Targets 350 Million Mobile Browser Users in 2017"), (u"China's Cyber Laws Could Saddle Firms With Redundant Data Centers: U.S. Lobby", u'Chinese restrictions on transferring data overseas would burden firms with building "redundant" data centers in China and hamper domestic companies expanding abroad, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said on Tuesday. Chinese restrictions on transferring data overseas would burden firms with building "redundant" data centers in China and hamper domestic companies expanding abroad, the American Chamber of Commerce in China said on Tuesday. China\'s Cyber Laws Could Saddle Firms With Redundant Data Centers: U.S. Lobby'), (u'Docker Raises Another $95 Million in Funding', u'The company behind one of the fastest-growing open-source software projects in history takes a fourth round of financing. They money is an indication of the pressures companies face to move fast as technology changes. The company behind one of the fastest-growing open-source software projects in history takes a fourth round of financing. They money is an indication of the pressures companies face to move fast as technology changes. Docker Raises Another $95 Million in Funding'), (u'Nokia in Advanced Talks to Buy Alcatel-Lucent', u"Nokia revealed Tuesday it's in advanced talks to buy the ailing French telecoms company Alcatel-Lucent, an apparent bid to become a leading global networks operator. Nokia revealed Tuesday it's in advanced talks to buy the ailing French telecoms company Alcatel-Lucent, an apparent bid to become a leading global networks operator. Nokia in Advanced Talks to Buy Alcatel-Lucent"), (u'Google Malaysia Service Disrupted by Hackers', u'Internet users were denied access to Google Inc\'s Malaysia website on Tuesday, and were redirected to a hacked page saying "Google Malaysia Hacked by Tiger-Mate #Bangladeshi Hacker." Internet users were denied access to Google Inc\'s Malaysia website on Tuesday, and were redirected to a hacked page saying "Google Malaysia Hacked by Tiger-Mate #Bangladeshi Hacker." Google Malaysia Service Disrupted by Hackers'), (u'China to Strengthen Surveillance, Security in Anti-Terror Push', u'China will establish a national population database linked to ID information and credit records, state media reported late on Monday, as part of a larger push to beef up surveillance and security in response to violent unrest. China will establish a national population database linked to ID information and credit records, state media reported late on Monday, as part of a larger push to beef up surveillance and security in response to violent unrest. China to Strengthen Surveillance, Security in Anti-Terror Push'), (u'Twilio Adds Video to Its Offerings for Software Developers', u'A company that makes it possible to add voice or text communications to any application will include video capabilities in its package. A company that makes it possible to add voice or text communications to any application will include video capabilities in its package. Twilio Adds Video to Its Offerings for Software Developers'), (u'Under Fire From U.S. Group, Alibaba Says Fighting Counterfeit Goods', u'Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said it had a range of measures to fight counterfeits on its websites - remarks that come after a trade group requested U.S. government help in prodding the Chinese e-commerce giant into action against fake goods. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd said it had a range of measures to fight counterfeits on its websites - remarks that come after a trade group requested U.S. government help in prodding the Chinese e-commerce giant into action against fake goods. Under Fire From U.S. Group, Alibaba Says Fighting Counterfeit Goods'), (u"'Slicing and Dicing': How Some U.S. Firms Could Win Big in 2016 Elections", u"By one estimate U.S. online political advertising could quadruple to nearly $1 billion in the 2016 election, creating huge opportunities for digital strategy firms eager to capitalize on a shift from traditional mediums like television. By one estimate U.S. online political advertising could quadruple to nearly $1 billion in the 2016 election, creating huge opportunities for digital strategy firms eager to capitalize on a shift from traditional mediums like television. 'Slicing and Dicing': How Some U.S. Firms Could Win Big in 2016 Elections"), (u'User Mistakes Aid Most Cyber Attacks, Verizon and Symantec Studies Show', u'When a cyber security breach hits the news, those most closely involved often have incentive to play up the sophistication of the attack. When a cyber security breach hits the news, those most closely involved often have incentive to play up the sophistication of the attack. User Mistakes Aid Most Cyber Attacks, Verizon and Symantec Studies Show'), (u'Hackers Keep Trying New Targets in Search of Easy Data', u'The health care sector has become the hot target for hackers in recent months, according to researchers at Symantec, a leading cybersecurity company that says it\'s also seeing big increases in "spear-phishing," \'\'ransomware" and efforts to exploit... The health care sector has become the hot target for hackers in recent months, according to researchers at Symantec, a leading cybersecurity company that says it\'s also seeing big increases in "spear-phishing," \'\'ransomware" and efforts to exploit newly discovered vulnerabilities in software used by a wide range of industries. Hackers Keep Trying New Targets in Search of Easy Data'), (u'Amazon, HarperCollins Reach Multi-Year Publishing Deal: WSJ', u'E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing HarperCollins. E-commerce company Amazon.com Inc and publisher HarperCollins have reached a new multi-year publishing deal that covers both print and digital titles, The Wall Street Journal reported, citing HarperCollins. Amazon, HarperCollins Reach Multi-Year Publishing Deal: WSJ'), (u'U.S. Has Record Number of Applications for H-1B Tech Visas', u'Applications for H-1B visas allowing U.S. businesses to hire foreign workers in science, engineering and computer programming totaled a record 233,000 for fiscal 2016, according to government figures released on Monday. Applications for H-1B visas allowing U.S. businesses to hire foreign workers in science, engineering and computer programming totaled a record 233,000 for fiscal 2016, according to government figures released on Monday. U.S. Has Record Number of Applications for H-1B Tech Visas'), (u'IBM Creates Watson Health to Analyze Medical Data', u'The business unit will partner with companies including Apple, Medtronic and Johnson & Johnson, offering IBM\u2019s Watson technology as a cloud-based tool at many levels of the health care industry. The business unit will partner with companies including Apple, Medtronic and Johnson & Johnson, offering IBM\u2019s Watson technology as a cloud-based tool at many levels of the health care industry. IBM Creates Watson Health to Analyze Medical Data'), (u'IBM Launches New Health Unit, Teams Up With Apple, J&J, Medtronic', u'International Business Machines Corp, deepening its partnership with Apple Inc to make use of health information gathered by millions of Apple devices, is creating a unit dedicated to providing data analytics to the healthcare sector. International Business Machines Corp, deepening its partnership with Apple Inc to make use of health information gathered by millions of Apple devices, is creating a unit dedicated to providing data analytics to the healthcare sector. IBM Launches New Health Unit, Teams Up With Apple, J&J, Medtronic'), (u"Nokia Close to Buying Alcatel's Mobile Networks Unit: Les Echos", u"Finland's Nokia Oyj is close to a deal to buy Alcatel-Lucent's mobile networks unit to boost its core business especially in the United States and China, Les Echos newspaper reported on Monday. Finland's Nokia Oyj is close to a deal to buy Alcatel-Lucent's mobile networks unit to boost its core business especially in the United States and China, Les Echos newspaper reported on Monday. Nokia Close to Buying Alcatel's Mobile Networks Unit: Les Echos"), (u"A Global Development Financier's Silicon Valley Foray", u"San Francisco-based startup Planet Labs, a company that aims to blanket the skies with low-cost satellites, has raised nearly $140 million from investors that include Russian billionaire Yuri Milner and SpaceX backer Draper Fisher Jurvetson. Now, the... San Francisco-based startup Planet Labs, a company that aims to blanket the skies with low-cost satellites, has raised nearly $140 million from investors that include Russian billionaire Yuri Milner and SpaceX backer Draper Fisher Jurvetson. Now, the company has raised an additional $20 million from an unlikely contender: the venture arm of the International Finance Corporation, a multilateral lending organization that&#8217;s part of the World Bank. A Global Development Financier's Silicon Valley Foray"), (u'U.S. Firm CrowdStrike Claims Success in Deterring Chinese Hackers', u'U.S. cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Inc said Monday it had successfully prevented a Chinese hacker group from targeting a U.S. technology firm for the first time, offering promise for other companies facing cyber attacks. U.S. cybersecurity firm CrowdStrike Inc said Monday it had successfully prevented a Chinese hacker group from targeting a U.S. technology firm for the first time, offering promise for other companies facing cyber attacks. U.S. Firm CrowdStrike Claims Success in Deterring Chinese Hackers'), (u'Security Researchers Claim New Windows Security Weakness', u"Computer security researchers said they have uncovered a new variation on an old weakness in Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system that could theoretically allow hackers to steal login credentials from hundreds of millions of PCs. Computer security researchers said they have uncovered a new variation on an old weakness in Microsoft Corp's Windows operating system that could theoretically allow hackers to steal login credentials from hundreds of millions of PCs.  Security Researchers Claim New Windows Security Weakness"), (u'Iran, Israel Cooperate in Nuclear Test Detection Drills', u'Iran and Israel have been cooperating under the auspices of an international body set up to monitor a ban on nuclear bomb tests, its director said on Monday. Iran and Israel have been cooperating under the auspices of an international body set up to monitor a ban on nuclear bomb tests, its director said on Monday. Iran, Israel Cooperate in Nuclear Test Detection Drills'), (u'SpaceX Rocket Launch, Landing Test, Delayed by Weather', u'The launch of an unmanned SpaceX rocket - and an innovative attempt to land it on an ocean barge - were postponed on Monday due to poor weather at the Florida launch site, officials said. The launch of an unmanned SpaceX rocket - and an innovative attempt to land it on an ocean barge - were postponed on Monday due to poor weather at the Florida launch site, officials said. SpaceX Rocket Launch, Landing Test, Delayed by Weather'), (u'Daimler Trucks to Launch Software Services Push', u'Daimler is preparing to expand and upgrade its software services to freight operators, the head of its trucks division said, in a move designed to ensure that big customers stick with its vehicle brands. Daimler is preparing to expand and upgrade its software services to freight operators, the head of its trucks division said, in a move designed to ensure that big customers stick with its vehicle brands. Daimler Trucks to Launch Software Services Push'), (u'Daily Report: Amazon, Google and More Are Drawn to Home Services Market', u'Bringing the efficiency of the web to common household tasks has opened a new door to the home services industry, which is estimated to be worth more than $800 billion. Bringing the efficiency of the web to common household tasks has opened a new door to the home services industry, which is estimated to be worth more than $800 billion. Daily Report: Amazon, Google and More Are Drawn to Home Services Market'), (u"China's Tencent Hits $200 Billion Market Cap for First Time", u"China's Tencent Holdings Ltd for the first time hit a market cap of more than $200 billion on Monday, making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms like Amazon.com Inc, IBM Corp and Oracle Corp. China's Tencent Holdings Ltd for the first time hit a market cap of more than $200 billion on Monday, making it more valuable than U.S. tech firms like Amazon.com Inc, IBM Corp and Oracle Corp. China's Tencent Hits $200 Billion Market Cap for First Time"), (u'Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say', u'Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said. Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said. Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say'), (u'Trade Groups Seek China&#8217;s Written Assurance on Tech Policy', u'A letter from trade groups in the United States, Europe and Japan to Chinese officials appears to reflect renewed tensions over technology policies being rolled out by Beijing. A letter from trade groups in the United States, Europe and Japan to Chinese officials appears to reflect renewed tensions over technology policies being rolled out by Beijing. Trade Groups Seek China&#8217;s Written Assurance on Tech Policy'), (u'Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch', u'Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers. Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers.  Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch'), (u'How Europe Is Going After U.S. Tech Giants', u'The biggest American tech companies face intensifying scrutiny by European regulators, with \u2014 pressure that could potentially curb their sizable profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. The biggest American tech companies face intensifying scrutiny by European regulators, with \u2014 pressure that could potentially curb their sizable profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. How Europe Is Going After U.S. Tech Giants'), (u'Amazon, Google and More Are Drawn to Home Services Market', u"Bringing the efficiency of the web to common household tasks has opened a new door to the home services industry, which is estimated to be worth more than $800 billion. Bringing the efficiency of the web to common household tasks has opened a new door to the home services industry, which is estimated to be worth more than $800 billion. Amazon becomes latest e-commerce site to dip into lucrative home services market, estimated to be worth from $400 billion to $800 billion; with Amazon Home Services, company is now competing with stalwarts like Angie's List and start-ups like Thumbtack by connecting consumers with more than 700 services, including plumbers, contractors, electricians and other manual jobs. Amazon, Google and More Are Drawn to Home Services Market"), (u'Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say', u'Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said. Hackers, most likely from China, have been spying on governments and businesses in Southeast Asia and India uninterrupted for a decade, researchers at internet security company FireEye Inc  said. Chinese Hackers Target Southeast Asia, India, Researchers Say'), (u'Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch', u'Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers. Presidential contender Hillary Clinton tweeted, Facebooked and YouTubed her way through the first official day of her campaign in a social media strategy that earned her high marks among marketers.  Clinton Wins High Marks for Social-Media Launch'), (u"Germany's Kuka Open to More Purchases After Swisslog Deal: Welt Am Sonntag", u"German industrial robot maker Kuka is open to further purchases after acquiring Swiss logistics group Swisslog last year, Welt am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Till Reuter. German industrial robot maker Kuka is open to further purchases after acquiring Swiss logistics group Swisslog last year, Welt am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Till Reuter. Germany's Kuka Open to More Purchases After Swisslog Deal: Welt Am Sonntag"), (u'Siemens CEO Says Russia Sales Have Halved: Newspaper', u"German industrial group Siemens has seen sales in Russia plunge by about half due to the country's economic demise, Bild am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Joe Kaeser. German industrial group Siemens has seen sales in Russia plunge by about half due to the country's economic demise, Bild am Sonntag reported, citing chief executive Joe Kaeser. Siemens CEO Says Russia Sales Have Halved: Newspaper"), (u'Twitter&#8217;s Evolving Plans to Make Money From Its Data Stream', u'Twitter said it would no longer license its stream of half a billion daily tweets to resellers, a sign that it wants to play a bigger role in how companies use it to glean insights about their customers. Twitter said it would no longer license its stream of half a billion daily tweets to resellers, a sign that it wants to play a bigger role in how companies use it to glean insights about their customers. Twitter&#8217;s Evolving Plans to Make Money From Its Data Stream'), (u'Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size', u'Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size &#8212; there are 54 possible configurations in all. Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size &#8212; there are 54 possible configurations in all. Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size'), (u'Review: Many Choices, Indecision With Apple Watch', u'Of the 13 Apple Watch models I tried over two sessions, the one I liked most cost $15,000. Of the 13 Apple Watch models I tried over two sessions, the one I liked most cost $15,000. Review: Many Choices, Indecision With Apple Watch'), (u'U.S. Patent Office Revokes Key Elements of Controversial Podcasting Patent', u"The U.S. Patent Office on Friday revoked key elements of a Texas company's patent, which the firm deployed in high-profile legal actions to claim ownership over a method for distributing podcasts and video episodes on the Internet. The U.S. Patent Office on Friday revoked key elements of a Texas company's patent, which the firm deployed in high-profile legal actions to claim ownership over a method for distributing podcasts and video episodes on the Internet. U.S. Patent Office Revokes Key Elements of Controversial Podcasting Patent"), (u'China Is Said to Use Powerful New Weapon to Censor Internet  ', u'The tool allows Beijing to intercept foreign web traffic and inject malicious code, and it could have more powerful capabilities. The tool allows Beijing to intercept foreign web traffic and inject malicious code, and it could have more powerful capabilities. Report published by The Citizen Lab finds that China used new cyberweapon known as Great Cannon to redirect large amounts of Internet traffic to GitHub and GreatFire.Org, causing sites to shut down temporarily; researchers say weapon is similar to ones developed by United States and United Kingdom, but China seems intent on using device for censorship, although it has other troubling possible applications. China Is Said to Use Powerful New Weapon to Censor Internet  '), (u'Apple in Talks With Musicians for Exclusive Streaming Deals: Bloomberg', u'Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including British band Florence and the Machine, in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter. Apple Inc has approached more than a dozen musicians, including British band Florence and the Machine, in an effort to sign exclusive deals for some of their music to be streamed on Beats, Bloomberg reported, citing people familiar with the matter.  Apple in Talks With Musicians for Exclusive Streaming Deals: Bloomberg'), (u'Netflix Seeks to Raise Share Authorization in Step to Stock Split', u'Netflix Inc is seeking to increase its share authorization by nearly 30 times, the video streaming service said in a filing with regulators. Netflix Inc is seeking to increase its share authorization by nearly 30 times, the video streaming service said in a filing with regulators. Netflix Seeks to Raise Share Authorization in Step to Stock Split'), (u'Marissa Mayer Shuffles Yahoo Leadership Team', u'Yahoo promoted Simon Khalaf, who joined last year when his start-up was acquired, to oversee the company\u2019s home page and main mobile app. Yahoo promoted Simon Khalaf, who joined last year when his start-up was acquired, to oversee the company\u2019s home page and main mobile app. Marissa Mayer Shuffles Yahoo Leadership Team'), (u'Online Excitement but No Long Lines for Apple Watch Debut', u'An online rush replaced the traditional overnight queues outside Apple stores Friday as the iconic tech company began taking orders and letting shoppers get their hands on its much-vaunted smartwatch for the first time. An online rush replaced the traditional overnight queues outside Apple stores Friday as the iconic tech company began taking orders and letting shoppers get their hands on its much-vaunted smartwatch for the first time. Online Excitement but No Long Lines for Apple Watch Debut'), (u'Earthquake Warning on Your Smartphone? There Could Be an App for That', u'Countries looking for cheap earthquake warning systems might want to try apps and smartphones after scientists discovered that smartphones could be used as an affordable alternative to sophisticated earthquake monitoring networks. Countries looking for cheap earthquake warning systems might want to try apps and smartphones after scientists discovered that smartphones could be used as an affordable alternative to sophisticated earthquake monitoring networks. Earthquake Warning on Your Smartphone? There Could Be an App for That'), (u'Nokia Explores Sale of Map Business, Source Says', u'Nokia is considering selling its maps business known as HERE, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday, pushing up shares in the Finnish company as well as its network gear rival Alcatel-Lucent. Nokia is considering selling its maps business known as HERE, a source familiar with the matter said on Friday, pushing up shares in the Finnish company as well as its network gear rival Alcatel-Lucent.  Nokia Explores Sale of Map Business, Source Says'), (u'Daily Report: China Is Said to Use Powerful New Weapon to Censor Internet', u'The tool, with a few tweaks, could allow Beijing to spy on anyone making a request through a Chinese server. The tool, with a few tweaks, could allow Beijing to spy on anyone making a request through a Chinese server. Daily Report: China Is Said to Use Powerful New Weapon to Censor Internet'), (u"Flipkart Ties Up With Mumbai 'Dabbawalas' to Navigate City Streets", u"India's biggest e-commerce company, Flipkart, has tied up with Mumbai's lunchbox delivery men, famous for navigating cramped and confusing streets, as it tries to smooth the often difficult last stretch of its delivery to customers. India's biggest e-commerce company, Flipkart, has tied up with Mumbai's lunchbox delivery men, famous for navigating cramped and confusing streets, as it tries to smooth the often difficult last stretch of its delivery to customers. Flipkart Ties Up With Mumbai 'Dabbawalas' to Navigate City Streets"), (u'In China, Knock-Off Apple Watches Have Their Own Fans', u"Lining the glass display cases of Shenzhen's giant tech malls, knock-off versions of Apple Inc's smartwatch were on sale at many stalls, with some Chinese consumers eager to snap them up for a fraction of the cost of the original. Lining the glass display cases of Shenzhen's giant tech malls, knock-off versions of Apple Inc's smartwatch were on sale at many stalls, with some Chinese consumers eager to snap them up for a fraction of the cost of the original. In China, Knock-Off Apple Watches Have Their Own Fans"), (u'Latest on Apple Watch Release: Where to Try on Gold Watch', u'2:22 p.m. EDT. 2:22 p.m. EDT. Latest on Apple Watch Release: Where to Try on Gold Watch'), (u'How to Verify if That Port Is Indeed a USB 3.0', u'If you do not have the computer\u2019s manual or specifications sheet, there are several ways to check, including looking for a blue light at the jack. If you do not have the computer\u2019s manual or specifications sheet, there are several ways to check, including looking for a blue light at the jack. How to Verify if That Port Is Indeed a USB 3.0'), (u'Amazon Gets Green Light From U.S. Regulators for New Drone Tests', u'Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing. Amazon.com Inc has won approval from U.S. federal regulators to test a delivery drone outdoors, less than a month after the e-commerce powerhouse blasted regulators for being slow to approve commercial drone testing. Amazon Gets Green Light From U.S. Regulators for New Drone Tests'), (u'SendGrid Account Breach Was Used to Attack Coinbase, a Bitcoin Exchange', u'Coinbase, one of the most popular Bitcoin exchanges, confirmed that hackers had compromised its SendGrid account, though it said no Bitcoin were stolen. Coinbase, one of the most popular Bitcoin exchanges, confirmed that hackers had compromised its SendGrid account, though it said no Bitcoin were stolen. SendGrid Account Breach Was Used to Attack Coinbase, a Bitcoin Exchange'), (u'Amazon Sues to Block Alleged Fake Reviews on Its Website', u'Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake, positive product reviews. Amazon.com Inc has sued four websites to stop them from selling fake, positive product reviews. Amazon Sues to Block Alleged Fake Reviews on Its Website'), (u'U.S. Eyes Robotics, Longer-Range Weapons to Ensure Edge Over Foes', u'The U.S. military on Thursday announced new steps to speed up weapons development, cut red tape and tap innovation in the commercial sector, and said robotics and longer-range arms could play a key role in securing U.S. technological superiority. The U.S. military on Thursday announced new steps to speed up weapons development, cut red tape and tap innovation in the commercial sector, and said robotics and longer-range arms could play a key role in securing U.S. technological superiority. U.S. Eyes Robotics, Longer-Range Weapons to Ensure Edge Over Foes'), (u'Amazon to Sell Predictions in Cloud Race Against Google and Microsoft', u'Amazon Web Services, the world\u2019s biggest cloud company, is now selling cheap data analysis and prediction. It\u2019s likely to get baked into all kinds of applications, bringing pain to the old guard. Amazon Web Services, the world\u2019s biggest cloud company, is now selling cheap data analysis and prediction. It\u2019s likely to get baked into all kinds of applications, bringing pain to the old guard. Amazon to Sell Predictions in Cloud Race Against Google and Microsoft'), (u'PC Sales Declined _ Again _ in First Quarter', u"Weak demand for desktop computers caused PC sales to plunge again in the first quarter of this year, reflecting the industry's ongoing struggles with the shift to smartphones, tablets and other mobile gadgets. Weak demand for desktop computers caused PC sales to plunge again in the first quarter of this year, reflecting the industry's ongoing struggles with the shift to smartphones, tablets and other mobile gadgets. PC Sales Declined _ Again _ in First Quarter"), (u'Ahead of Watch Release, Apple to Allow Customers to Try It On', u'The era of online shopping made \u201cbuy before you try\u201d (and ship back if you don\u2019t like it) a typical consumer experience. The Apple Watch, which releases April 24, is probably something you should actually try before buying. The era of online shopping made \u201cbuy before you try\u201d (and ship back if you don\u2019t like it) a typical consumer experience. The Apple Watch, which releases April 24, is probably something you should actually try before buying. Ahead of Watch Release, Apple to Allow Customers to Try It On'), (u'Google Anti-Trust Foes See Friend in New EU Competition Chief', u'After waiting more than four years for Brussels to resolve his anti-trust complaint against Google while traffic to his website plunged by 80 percent, Michael Weber of German online mapping service Hot-Map.com held out little hope of success. Until... After waiting more than four years for Brussels to resolve his anti-trust complaint against Google while traffic to his website plunged by 80 percent, Michael Weber of German online mapping service Hot-Map.com held out little hope of success. Until now. Google Anti-Trust Foes See Friend in New EU Competition Chief'), (u"Review: New MacBook Brings iPad's Minimalism to Laptop", u"From the moment I took it out of the box, Apple's new MacBook looked and felt like an iPad. From the moment I took it out of the box, Apple's new MacBook looked and felt like an iPad. Review: New MacBook Brings iPad's Minimalism to Laptop"), (u'The Must-Attend Event for Education Technology Investors', u'The annual ASU+GSV Summit has become the central event for investors and companies scouting for the next big thing in ed tech \u2014 a melting pot for executives from a wide range of companies. The annual ASU+GSV Summit has become the central event for investors and companies scouting for the next big thing in ed tech \u2014 a melting pot for executives from a wide range of companies. The Must-Attend Event for Education Technology Investors'), (u'Intel, Altera End Takeover Talks Due to Price Disagreement: Source', u'Discussions on a takeover by Intel Corp of smaller chip maker Altera Corp have ended as the companies were unable to agree on price, a person familiar with the matter said, but Altera shares rose, suggesting it is still a potential target. Discussions on a takeover by Intel Corp of smaller chip maker Altera Corp have ended as the companies were unable to agree on price, a person familiar with the matter said, but Altera shares rose, suggesting it is still a potential target. Intel, Altera End Takeover Talks Due to Price Disagreement: Source'), (u'Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size', u'Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size &#8212; there are 54 possible configurations in all. Apple Watch comes with a choice of watch case, band and size &#8212; there are 54 possible configurations in all. Apple Watch Options: 54 Combinations of Case, Band, Size'), (u'Your Guide to Trying on, Ordering Apple Watch', u"Buying an Apple Watch won't be as simple as walking into an Apple store and handing over your credit card. Buying an Apple Watch won't be as simple as walking into an Apple store and handing over your credit card. Your Guide to Trying on, Ordering Apple Watch"), (u'LinkedIn to Buy Online Education Company Lynda.com for $1.5 Billion', u'Professional social network operator LinkedIn Corp said it would buy privately held online education company lynda.com in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $1.5 billion. Professional social network operator LinkedIn Corp said it would buy privately held online education company lynda.com in a cash-and-stock deal valued at about $1.5 billion. LinkedIn to Buy Online Education Company Lynda.com for $1.5 Billion'), (u"Austrian Student's Lawsuit vs Facebook Bogged Down in Procedure", u"Facebook presented a long list of procedural objections to an Austrian court on Thursday trying to halt a class action lawsuit for 25,000 users that accuses the social media giant of  violating their privacy. Facebook presented a long list of procedural objections to an Austrian court on Thursday trying to halt a class action lawsuit for 25,000 users that accuses the social media giant of  violating their privacy. Austrian Student's Lawsuit vs Facebook Bogged Down in Procedure"), (u'Daily Report: Phone Cameras and Apps Capture Interactions With Police', u'People who support police reform say watchdog smartphone apps are evidence of the power of tech weapons in the fight. People who support police reform say watchdog smartphone apps are evidence of the power of tech weapons in the fight. Daily Report: Phone Cameras and Apps Capture Interactions With Police'), (u'Lyft Hires Amazon Executive as Chief Operating Officer', u'The ride-hailing start-up Lyft appoints a new chief operating officer who worked at Amazon. The ride-hailing start-up Lyft appoints a new chief operating officer who worked at Amazon. Lyft Hires Amazon Executive as Chief Operating Officer'), (u'Baltimore Police Used Secret Cell Phone Surveillance Tech: Newspaper', u'Baltimore police used secret cell phone surveillance technology more than 4,000 times in recent years under directions from the FBI not to tell courts about its use, an officer testified on Wednesday according to media reports. Baltimore police used secret cell phone surveillance technology more than 4,000 times in recent years under directions from the FBI not to tell courts about its use, an officer testified on Wednesday according to media reports. Baltimore Police Used Secret Cell Phone Surveillance Tech: Newspaper'), (u'Toyota to Start Tokyo Trial of Electric Three-Wheeler in Green Mobility Push', u"Tokyoites will get a chance to zip around town on Toyota Motor Corp's three-wheeled electric car-motorbike from Friday, in a trial aimed at crafting a global business model to reduce gridlock and pollution. Tokyoites will get a chance to zip around town on Toyota Motor Corp's three-wheeled electric car-motorbike from Friday, in a trial aimed at crafting a global business model to reduce gridlock and pollution. Toyota to Start Tokyo Trial of Electric Three-Wheeler in Green Mobility Push"), (u"Apple Watch Isn't the Only Gadget Out This Week", u"The public will have its first chance to see, touch and buy the Apple Watch on Friday, as Apple stores in the U.S. and eight markets abroad start previews and online orders commence. The public will have its first chance to see, touch and buy the Apple Watch on Friday, as Apple stores in the U.S. and eight markets abroad start previews and online orders commence. Apple Watch Isn't the Only Gadget Out This Week"), (u'Phone Cameras and Apps Help Speed Calls for Police Reform', u"People who support police reform say watchdog smartphone apps are evidence of the power of tech weapons in the fight. People who support police reform say watchdog smartphone apps are evidence of the power of tech weapons in the fight. App developers and police reform advocates cite video of fatal police shooting in South Carolina as evidence of technology's growing power in their fight; some developers are creating custom applications to help citizens capture and broadcast interactions with police, saying it could help reduce frequency of violence. Phone Cameras and Apps Help Speed Calls for Police Reform"), (u'HBO Now Makes \u2018Game of Thrones\u2019 Easier to See, if Not Follow', u'The HBO Now app, which lets viewers see the network&#8217;s shows without a standard cable plan, represents a big change from just a few years ago. The HBO Now app, which lets viewers see the network&#8217;s shows without a standard cable plan, represents a big change from just a few years ago. Gadgetwise column; HBO has released HBO Now application that allows customers to stream its programs, even if they do not have cable subscription; app is only available on Apple devices for the time being, but represents significant change for HBO. HBO Now Makes \u2018Game of Thrones\u2019 Easier to See, if Not Follow'), (u'Mark Pincus, Zynga\u2019s Founder, Returns as C.E.O.', u"Mark Pincus succeeds Don Mattrick, the former Electronic Arts executive who was brought in less than two years ago to lead the online game company. Mark Pincus succeeds Don Mattrick, the former Electronic Arts executive who was brought in less than two years ago to lead the online game company. Zynga announces that chief executive Don Mattrick has left the company and will be replaced by company founder Mark Pincus; Pincus's return as chief executive is unexpected as he had seemed to not be involved with running company for some time. Mark Pincus, Zynga\u2019s Founder, Returns as C.E.O."), (u'Video Feature: Take On the World With Trivia Game Apps', u'Trivia quizzes for smartphones feature chats, &#8220;trophies&#8221; for winners and the ability to play Facebook friends or opponents worldwide. Trivia quizzes for smartphones feature chats, &#8220;trophies&#8221; for winners and the ability to play Facebook friends or opponents worldwide. Kit Eaton App Smart column compares range of trivia quiz mobile applications; recommends Microsoft scanner app Office Lens, which is available for all operating systems. Video Feature: Take On the World With Trivia Game Apps'), (u'Dear Diary: My Week Wearing an Apple Watch', u'Spending seven days learning to use, and getting used to, the Apple Watch proved to be a mostly rewarding experience. Spending seven days learning to use, and getting used to, the Apple Watch proved to be a mostly rewarding experience. Farhad Manjoo diary chronicles week of using Apple Watch. Dear Diary: My Week Wearing an Apple Watch'), (u'Apple Watch Review: Bliss, but Only After a Steep Learning Curve', u'When apps are streamlined and first-generation bugs are fixed, the Apple Watch has the potential to be a life-changer. (With video.) When apps are streamlined and first-generation bugs are fixed, the Apple Watch has the potential to be a life-changer. (With video.) Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column reviews Apple Watch, suggesting device is best suited to people who are not tech novices; points out that most exciting thing about device is way it has opened up possibilities as the first mainstream wearable computer. Apple Watch Review: Bliss, but Only After a Steep Learning Curve'), (u'Diagnosing a Syncing Problem With iTunes', u'The iTunes software can automatically sync with iPads, iPhones and iPod Touch players, but even if the feature is enabled in iTunes, a few conditions apply. The iTunes software can automatically sync with iPads, iPhones and iPod Touch players, but even if the feature is enabled in iTunes, a few conditions apply. Personal Tech Q&A on synching iOS devices; availability of Internet Explorer on future Windows 10 operating system; Tip of the Week on renaming multiple files at same time in Mac OS X 10.10. Diagnosing a Syncing Problem With iTunes'), (u'French Broadcaster TV5Monde Hacked: Yahoo News', u'French television network TV5Monde was hacked late on Wednesday by individuals claiming they support Islamic State, Yahoo News reported, citing a report by Agence France-Presse (AFP). French television network TV5Monde was hacked late on Wednesday by individuals claiming they support Islamic State, Yahoo News reported, citing a report by Agence France-Presse (AFP). French Broadcaster TV5Monde Hacked: Yahoo News'), (u'Amazon Web Services Takes Fuller Aim at Enterprise Computing', u'AWS kicked off the first of 16 meetings with a daylong direct assault on the existing corporate computing business. The Seattle-based cloud giant is now offering features and services for so-called hybrid clouds. AWS kicked off the first of 16 meetings with a daylong direct assault on the existing corporate computing business. The Seattle-based cloud giant is now offering features and services for so-called hybrid clouds. Amazon Web Services Takes Fuller Aim at Enterprise Computing'), (u'Zynga CEO Resigns, Founder Mark Pincus Steps Back In', u'In an abrupt changing of the guard, Zynga has announced that Chief Executive Don Mattrick will step down and founder Mark Pincus will return to lead the company as it struggles to adapt to the changing tastes of gamers. In an abrupt changing of the guard, Zynga has announced that Chief Executive Don Mattrick will step down and founder Mark Pincus will return to lead the company as it struggles to adapt to the changing tastes of gamers. Zynga CEO Resigns, Founder Mark Pincus Steps Back In'), (u'U.S. FCC Imposes $25 Million Fine on AT&T Over Customer Data Breach', u'The Federal Communications Commission reached a $25 million settlement with AT&amp;T Inc over a consumer data breach at call centers in Mexico, Colombia and the Philippines, the U.S. communications regulator said on Wednesday. The Federal Communications Commission reached a $25 million settlement with AT&amp;T Inc over a consumer data breach at call centers in Mexico, Colombia and the Philippines, the U.S. communications regulator said on Wednesday. U.S. FCC Imposes $25 Million Fine on AT&T Over Customer Data Breach'), (u'Hillary Clinton Hires Google Executive as Tech Chief', u"Likely 2016 Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hired a Google executive to serve as her chief technology officer, a person familiar with the campaign's planning said on Wednesday. Likely 2016 Democratic U.S. presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hired a Google executive to serve as her chief technology officer, a person familiar with the campaign's planning said on Wednesday. Hillary Clinton Hires Google Executive as Tech Chief"), (u'Reviewing Your Corporate Life in Real Time', u'An entrepreneur from the early days of web analytics is back. One problem: Domo, as Josh James\u2019s new product is called, has competition like he never knew in his first act. That\u2019s one reason he needed a lot more money. An entrepreneur from the early days of web analytics is back. One problem: Domo, as Josh James\u2019s new product is called, has competition like he never knew in his first act. That\u2019s one reason he needed a lot more money. Reviewing Your Corporate Life in Real Time'), (u'App Smart | Trivia Game Fun', u'There are lots of trivia games for the smartphone and many have social media features that allow you to play against friends or strangers. There are lots of trivia games for the smartphone and many have social media features that allow you to play against friends or strangers. App Smart | Trivia Game Fun'), (u'Digital Ally Shares Rise in Wake of South Carolina Shooting', u'Shares of digital video and surveillance technology firm Digital Ally rose on Wednesday in heavier-than-average trading, after a white police officer was caught on video fatally shooting a 50-year-old black man in South Carolina. Shares of digital video and surveillance technology firm Digital Ally rose on Wednesday in heavier-than-average trading, after a white police officer was caught on video fatally shooting a 50-year-old black man in South Carolina.  Digital Ally Shares Rise in Wake of South Carolina Shooting'), (u'Rights Group Sues DEA Over Bulk Collection of Phone Records', u"Opening another front in the legal challenges to U.S. government surveillance, a human rights group has sued the Drug Enforcement Administration for collecting bulk records of Americans' telephone calls to some foreign countries. Opening another front in the legal challenges to U.S. government surveillance, a human rights group has sued the Drug Enforcement Administration for collecting bulk records of Americans' telephone calls to some foreign countries. Rights Group Sues DEA Over Bulk Collection of Phone Records"), (u'Daily Report: Apple Watch Bliss Comes With Steep Learning Curve', u'The watch is not suited for tech novices. It is designed for notification-inundated people who want to manage the way the digital world intrudes on their lives. The watch is not suited for tech novices. It is designed for notification-inundated people who want to manage the way the digital world intrudes on their lives. Daily Report: Apple Watch Bliss Comes With Steep Learning Curve'), (u'Can the Apple Watch Free Us From Phones?', u'The technology columnist Farhad Manjoo asks whether the Apple Watch\u2019s new \u201ctaptic engine\u201d will give us an alternative to constantly checking our phones. The technology columnist Farhad Manjoo asks whether the Apple Watch\u2019s new \u201ctaptic engine\u201d will give us an alternative to constantly checking our phones. Can the Apple Watch Free Us From Phones?'), (u'3D Virtual Objects That Can Be Touched and Felt', u"British company Ultrahaptics has developed a unique technology that enables users to receive tactile sensations from invisible three dimension objects floating in mid-air. Using ultrasound to precisely project sensations through the air, users can... British company Ultrahaptics has developed a unique technology that enables users to receive tactile sensations from invisible three dimension objects floating in mid-air. Using ultrasound to precisely project sensations through the air, users can 'feel' and interact with virtual objects. 3D Virtual Objects That Can Be Touched and Felt"), (u'Alibaba to Help Bigcommerce Clients Tap China Supplier Network', u"Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has forged a deal to allow online shopping startup Bigcommerce's 70,000-plus clients to more easily buy from top-ranked Chinese suppliers and manufacturers on Alibaba.com. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd has forged a deal to allow online shopping startup Bigcommerce's 70,000-plus clients to more easily buy from top-ranked Chinese suppliers and manufacturers on Alibaba.com. Alibaba to Help Bigcommerce Clients Tap China Supplier Network"), (u"India's IT Services Exporters Whipped by Currency Headwinds", u"The dollar's biggest quarterly rise against other major currencies since 2008 has undermined sales of India's IT services firms in non-U.S. markets, including Europe, in what was already a seasonally slow period. The dollar's biggest quarterly rise against other major currencies since 2008 has undermined sales of India's IT services firms in non-U.S. markets, including Europe, in what was already a seasonally slow period.  India's IT Services Exporters Whipped by Currency Headwinds"), (u'Review: New Apple Photos App Makes Fixing, Cropping Easy', u"If you're like most people, those hundreds of photos you took on vacation are still on your camera or phone. You shared a handful on Facebook or Instagram, and tell yourself that you'll sift through the others &#8212; one day. If you're like most people, those hundreds of photos you took on vacation are still on your camera or phone. You shared a handful on Facebook or Instagram, and tell yourself that you'll sift through the others &#8212; one day. Review: New Apple Photos App Makes Fixing, Cropping Easy"), (u"Things to Know About Apple's New Photo-Storage Service", u"On Wednesday, Apple is expected to release a free update to its Mac operating system. The update will bring a new Photos app for Mac computers and launch an online photo-storage service called iCloud Photo Library. The service lets you sync photos... On Wednesday, Apple is expected to release a free update to its Mac operating system. The update will bring a new Photos app for Mac computers and launch an online photo-storage service called iCloud Photo Library. The service lets you sync photos among various personal computers and mobile devices. It also saves storage space by moving full-resolution versions online. Things to Know About Apple's New Photo-Storage Service"), (u'F.C.C. Fines AT&#038;T $25 Million for Privacy Breach', u'Customer service employees at AT&T call centers sold customers\u2019 personal information to third parties over a six-month period ending last April. Customer service employees at AT&T call centers sold customers\u2019 personal information to third parties over a six-month period ending last April. F.C.C. Fines AT&#038;T $25 Million for Privacy Breach'), (u'Singtel Buying U.S. Cyber Security Firm Trustwave for $810 Million', u"Singapore Telecommunications, Southeast Asia's largest telecommunications operator by revenue, is buying U.S.-based cyber-security firm Trustwave for $810 million, marking its biggest acquisition outside the main telecoms sector. Singapore Telecommunications, Southeast Asia's largest telecommunications operator by revenue, is buying U.S.-based cyber-security firm Trustwave for $810 million, marking its biggest acquisition outside the main telecoms sector. Singtel Buying U.S. Cyber Security Firm Trustwave for $810 Million"), (u'HP Comes to Terms With the Cloud', u'Hewlett-Packard has decided it cannot compete with the likes of Amazon and Google for one of the hottest new businesses. Instead, on the eve of its split into two companies, HP is learning about collaborative technologies, and not just for its... Hewlett-Packard has decided it cannot compete with the likes of Amazon and Google for one of the hottest new businesses. Instead, on the eve of its split into two companies, HP is learning about collaborative technologies, and not just for its customers. HP Comes to Terms With the Cloud'), (u"Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company to Begin Suborbital Test Flights This Year", u"A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship and expects to begin flight tests this year, Blue Origin officials said on Tuesday. A space company owned by Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos has finished work on a rocket engine for a suborbital spaceship and expects to begin flight tests this year, Blue Origin officials said on Tuesday. Jeff Bezos' Rocket Company to Begin Suborbital Test Flights This Year"), (u'Swiss Army Knife Maker Plans Foray Into Smartwatches: CEO', u'Swiss army knife maker Victorinox plans to unveil its version of a smartwatch by the start of next year, its chief executive said on Tuesday. Swiss army knife maker Victorinox plans to unveil its version of a smartwatch by the start of next year, its chief executive said on Tuesday. Swiss Army Knife Maker Plans Foray Into Smartwatches: CEO'), (u'Daily Report: Samsung Shows Signs of a Turnaround', u'The beleaguered South Korean manufacturer said that it expected its first-quarter earnings in 2015 to beat analyst forecasts. The beleaguered South Korean manufacturer said that it expected its first-quarter earnings in 2015 to beat analyst forecasts. Daily Report: Samsung Shows Signs of a Turnaround'), (u'New Aluminum Battery for Smartphones Can Be Charged in a Minute', u'U.S. scientists said they have invented a cheap, long-lasting and flexible battery made of aluminum for use in smartphones that can be charged in as little as one minute. U.S. scientists said they have invented a cheap, long-lasting and flexible battery made of aluminum for use in smartphones that can be charged in as little as one minute. New Aluminum Battery for Smartphones Can Be Charged in a Minute'), (u'Measuring Social &#8216;Trust&#8217; to Make Loans', u'Vouch Financial is putting a digital-age spin on the old banking concept of using social references to make lending decisions. Vouch Financial is putting a digital-age spin on the old banking concept of using social references to make lending decisions. Measuring Social &#8216;Trust&#8217; to Make Loans'), (u'With Meld, Another Step Toward the Internet of Tasty Things', u'Think of Meld as a Nest thermostat for your kitchen. Both add I.Q. points to the (usually) dumb systems in peoples\u2019 homes that control different forms of heating \u2014 Nest for the furnace, Meld for the stove. Think of Meld as a Nest thermostat for your kitchen. Both add I.Q. points to the (usually) dumb systems in peoples\u2019 homes that control different forms of heating \u2014 Nest for the furnace, Meld for the stove. With Meld, Another Step Toward the Internet of Tasty Things'), (u'Xiaomi Ties Up With India Retail Chain to Boost Sales', u"Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc has decided to sell devices through a leading electronics retail chain in India, part of its effort to move away from online-only sales and boost growth in the world's third-largest smartphone market. Chinese smartphone maker Xiaomi Inc has decided to sell devices through a leading electronics retail chain in India, part of its effort to move away from online-only sales and boost growth in the world's third-largest smartphone market. Xiaomi Ties Up With India Retail Chain to Boost Sales"), (u'Daily Report: Big Data, Human Overseers', u'Data science offers a lot of promise in many fields, but for now, it seems wise to keep human beings in the loop. Data science offers a lot of promise in many fields, but for now, it seems wise to keep human beings in the loop. Daily Report: Big Data, Human Overseers'), (u'Uber Asks U.S. Court to Dismiss Lawsuit in Alleged Delhi Rape', u"Uber asked a U.S. court to dismiss a lawsuit filed by an alleged rape victim in India's capital, saying the ride-sharing company could not be held legally responsible for the driver's acts. Uber asked a U.S. court to dismiss a lawsuit filed by an alleged rape victim in India's capital, saying the ride-sharing company could not be held legally responsible for the driver's acts. Uber Asks U.S. Court to Dismiss Lawsuit in Alleged Delhi Rape"), (u'Turkish Academics to Fight Twitter and Facebook Ban in Court', u"Two Turkish academics on Tuesday appealed a court order that allowed authorities to block access to Twitter and YouTube for several hours this week, a crackdown they say reflects Ankara's growing authoritarianism. Two Turkish academics on Tuesday appealed a court order that allowed authorities to block access to Twitter and YouTube for several hours this week, a crackdown they say reflects Ankara's growing authoritarianism.     Turkish Academics to Fight Twitter and Facebook Ban in Court"), (u'Sony to Further Boost Production of Imaging Sensors', u'Sony Corp said it would spend an extra 45 billion yen  ($376 million) in the fiscal year that started this month to further boost output of imaging sensors, increasing its focus on a business that has become one of its strongest as its TV and mobile... Sony Corp said it would spend an extra 45 billion yen  ($376 million) in the fiscal year that started this month to further boost output of imaging sensors, increasing its focus on a business that has become one of its strongest as its TV and mobile operations struggle. Sony to Further Boost Production of Imaging Sensors'), (u'Rape Charges Dropped Against Chicago Uber Driver', u'Charges against a Chicago Uber driver who was accused of raping a female passenger late last year were dropped on Monday, officials said. Charges against a Chicago Uber driver who was accused of raping a female passenger late last year were dropped on Monday, officials said. Rape Charges Dropped Against Chicago Uber Driver'), (u'Destructive Hacking Attempts Target Critical Infrastructure in Americas - Survey', u'Hacking attacks that destroy rather than steal data or that manipulate equipment are far more prevalent than widely believed, according to a survey of critical infrastructure organizations throughout North and South America. Hacking attacks that destroy rather than steal data or that manipulate equipment are far more prevalent than widely believed, according to a survey of critical infrastructure organizations throughout North and South America. Destructive Hacking Attempts Target Critical Infrastructure in Americas - Survey'), (u'Groups Urge FTC to Investigate YouTube Kids Video App', u'A coalition of consumer and children advocacy groups plans to urge federal regulators to investigate a YouTube video app aimed at children that the groups say disregards long-established safeguards limiting advertising to young audiences. A coalition of consumer and children advocacy groups plans to urge federal regulators to investigate a YouTube video app aimed at children that the groups say disregards long-established safeguards limiting advertising to young audiences.  Groups Urge FTC to Investigate YouTube Kids Video App'), (u'Consumer Groups to Ask F.T.C. to Investigate YouTube Kids App', u'Close to a dozen consumer groups are asking the commission to investigate an application recently released by Google, arguing that its ads deceive children. Close to a dozen consumer groups are asking the commission to investigate an application recently released by Google, arguing that its ads deceive children. Consumer Groups to Ask F.T.C. to Investigate YouTube Kids App'), (u'HTC Corp First-Quarter Unaudited Net Profit $11.6 Million', u'HTC Corp posted an unaudited net profit of T$360 million ($11.6 million) for the first quarter of this year, the Taiwanese mobile communications maker said on Tuesday. HTC Corp posted an unaudited net profit of T$360 million ($11.6 million) for the first quarter of this year, the Taiwanese mobile communications maker said on Tuesday.  HTC Corp First-Quarter Unaudited Net Profit $11.6 Million'), (u'Samsung Electronics First-Quarter Profit Flags Budding Recovery Ahead of Key Launch', u'Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expects January-March profit to be its highest in three quarters, beating expectations and suggesting that the tech giant is on track for an earnings recovery ahead of the launch of new flagship smartphones. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd expects January-March profit to be its highest in three quarters, beating expectations and suggesting that the tech giant is on track for an earnings recovery ahead of the launch of new flagship smartphones.  Samsung Electronics First-Quarter Profit Flags Budding Recovery Ahead of Key Launch'), (u'United Technologies Wins Reversal of $657 Million Award Over Engine Prices', u'United Technologies Corp on Monday won the reversal of a $657 million judgment imposed over decades-old claims accusing its Pratt &amp; Whitney unit of overcharging the federal government on jet engines for the military. United Technologies Corp on Monday won the reversal of a $657 million judgment imposed over decades-old claims accusing its Pratt &amp; Whitney unit of overcharging the federal government on jet engines for the military. United Technologies Wins Reversal of $657 Million Award Over Engine Prices'), (u'U.S. Announces First Antitrust e-Commerce Prosecution', u"The U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust division on Monday announced its first prosecution specifically targeting Internet commerce, saying a man has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to illegally fix the prices of posters he sold online. The U.S. Department of Justice's antitrust division on Monday announced its first prosecution specifically targeting Internet commerce, saying a man has agreed to plead guilty to conspiring to illegally fix the prices of posters he sold online. U.S. Announces First Antitrust e-Commerce Prosecution"), (u'SanDisk Stock Slide Makes Company an Attractive Target-Analysts', u'Data storage products maker SanDisk Corp, whose stock has lost 40 percent since touching a record high in July, has become a potential target for companies looking to boost their presence in the enterprise market, analysts said. Data storage products maker SanDisk Corp, whose stock has lost 40 percent since touching a record high in July, has become a potential target for companies looking to boost their presence in the enterprise market, analysts said. SanDisk Stock Slide Makes Company an Attractive Target-Analysts'), (u'Facebook Says Has Complied With Turkish Court Order to Block Some Content', u'Facebook has complied with a Turkish court order demanding it restrict access to certain content or face its service being blocked, a company spokesman said on Monday. Facebook has complied with a Turkish court order demanding it restrict access to certain content or face its service being blocked, a company spokesman said on Monday. Facebook Says Has Complied With Turkish Court Order to Block Some Content'), (u"Twitter Complies With Turkey's Request, Ban Lifted", u"Twitter has complied with Turkey's request to remove photographs of a prosecutor held at gunpoint by far-left militants, an official said on Monday, and a ban on it ended hours after being imposed. Twitter has complied with Turkey's request to remove photographs of a prosecutor held at gunpoint by far-left militants, an official said on Monday, and a ban on it ended hours after being imposed. Twitter Complies With Turkey's Request, Ban Lifted"), (u'Daily Report: As Students Take Tests, Software Keeps Watch', u'School administrators say for online learning to be legitimate, the testing has to be monitored. Proctortrack requires the student to sit upright, remain glued to their chair, keep their face fully visible, and a few more things. School administrators say for online learning to be legitimate, the testing has to be monitored. Proctortrack requires the student to sit upright, remain glued to their chair, keep their face fully visible, and a few more things. Daily Report: As Students Take Tests, Software Keeps Watch'), (u'Online Test-Takers Feel Anti-Cheating Software\u2019s Uneasy Glare', u'School administrators say for online learning to be legitimate, testing has to be monitored. Proctortrack is a new anti-cheating program being used by some universities. School administrators say for online learning to be legitimate, testing has to be monitored. Proctortrack is a new anti-cheating program being used by some universities. Many college and university administrators are implementing anti-cheating technologies as they expand online course offerings, which they say is important to give online learning legitimacy; rise of automated student analysis services, like software Proctortrack from Verificient Technologies that uses web camera to monitor students, is raising questions of efficacy and propriety. Online Test-Takers Feel Anti-Cheating Software\u2019s Uneasy Glare'), (u'Samsung Electronics Shares Rise More Than 3 Percent Ahead of Guidance', u'Shares of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd rose more than 3 percent early on Monday ahead of the release of its guidance on first-quarter earnings scheduled for Tuesday. Shares of Samsung Electronics Co Ltd rose more than 3 percent early on Monday ahead of the release of its guidance on first-quarter earnings scheduled for Tuesday. Samsung Electronics Shares Rise More Than 3 Percent Ahead of Guidance'), (u'Alibaba-Backed ShopRunner Gains Momentum, Eyes China', u"ShopRunner Inc, the e-commerce startup backed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd that styles itself in some ways as the anti-Amazon, more than doubled its users over the past year and hopes to do so again in 2015, Shoprunner's chief executive said in an... ShopRunner Inc, the e-commerce startup backed by Alibaba Group Holding Ltd that styles itself in some ways as the anti-Amazon, more than doubled its users over the past year and hopes to do so again in 2015, Shoprunner's chief executive said in an interview. Alibaba-Backed ShopRunner Gains Momentum, Eyes China"), (u'Publication of New Internet Rules to Prompt Cheers and Challenges', u'The F.C.C. regulations are expected to appear in the Federal Register as early as this week, starting two 60-day countdowns: one until they take effect and the other until a deadline for lawsuits. The F.C.C. regulations are expected to appear in the Federal Register as early as this week, starting two 60-day countdowns: one until they take effect and the other until a deadline for lawsuits. Publication of New Internet Rules to Prompt Cheers and Challenges'), (u'Jay Edelson, the Class-Action Lawyer Who May Be Tech\u2019s Least Friended Man', u'The class-action lawyer, who specializes in filing privacy lawsuits against technology companies, has raised the ire of Silicon Valley executives. The class-action lawyer, who specializes in filing privacy lawsuits against technology companies, has raised the ire of Silicon Valley executives. Profile of Jay Edelson, class-action lawyer whose specialization in suits against technology companies has made him persona non grata among Silicon Valley executives. Jay Edelson, the Class-Action Lawyer Who May Be Tech\u2019s Least Friended Man'), (u'Swiss Launch of Apple Watch Hit by Patent Issue: TV', u'Apple is not able to launch its new smartwatch in Switzerland until at least the end of this year because of an intellectual property rights issue, Swiss broadcaster RTS reported on its website. Apple is not able to launch its new smartwatch in Switzerland until at least the end of this year because of an intellectual property rights issue, Swiss broadcaster RTS reported on its website.  Swiss Launch of Apple Watch Hit by Patent Issue: TV'), (u"Cord-Nevers in Luck as 'Mad Men,' 'Game of Thrones' Hit Web", u'Cord-nevers, you\'re in luck. No more need to beg, borrow or steal your parents\' cable password to keep up with each episode of "Mad Men" or "Game of Thrones." When the hit shows return in the next few days, they will be available for streaming online... Cord-nevers, you\'re in luck. No more need to beg, borrow or steal your parents\' cable password to keep up with each episode of "Mad Men" or "Game of Thrones." When the hit shows return in the next few days, they will be available for streaming online with no cable or satellite subscription. Cord-Nevers in Luck as \'Mad Men,\' \'Game of Thrones\' Hit Web'), (u'Daily Report: Regulators in Europe Take Aim at American Tech Giants', u'New developments offer the latest and perhaps clearest sign yet that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. New developments offer the latest and perhaps clearest sign yet that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. Daily Report: Regulators in Europe Take Aim at American Tech Giants'), (u"Mozilla to Also Reject Chinese Internet Body's Certificates", u"Mozilla Corp, creator of the popular Firefox web browser, said on Thursday it would follow Google Inc and no longer recognize new certificates of trust issued by a Chinese Internet agency. Mozilla Corp, creator of the popular Firefox web browser, said on Thursday it would follow Google Inc and no longer recognize new certificates of trust issued by a Chinese Internet agency. Mozilla to Also Reject Chinese Internet Body's Certificates"), (u'Converting Audio From a Cassette to MP3 Requires an Adapter', u'The inexpensive device links a standard audio cable from the music player to a computer\u2019s USB jack. The inexpensive device links a standard audio cable from the music player to a computer\u2019s USB jack. Converting Audio From a Cassette to MP3 Requires an Adapter'), (u'Uber Hires a Security Chief From Facebook', u'Joe Sullivan, the ride-hailing company&#8217;s new chief security officer, will work in areas like securing driver data, and driver and passenger safety. Joe Sullivan, the ride-hailing company&#8217;s new chief security officer, will work in areas like securing driver data, and driver and passenger safety. Uber hires veteran security expert Joe Sullivan as its first chief security officer, luring him away from Facebook where he has held same position for years. Uber Hires a Security Chief From Facebook'), (u'Antitrust and Other Inquiries in Europe Target U.S. Tech Giants', u'New developments offer the latest sign that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. New developments offer the latest sign that American tech giants face intensifying scrutiny in Europe that could curb their profits in the region and affect how they operate around the world. Big American tech firms in Europe, including Google, Apple and Facebook, are facing increasing scrutiny over antitrust questions and tax arrangements; growing pressure from regulators could possibly hurt their profits in region and influence how they operate around world; analysts say Europe is using investigations to aid their own tech companies. Antitrust and Other Inquiries in Europe Target U.S. Tech Giants'), (u'Teardown of New Samsung Galaxy Smartphone Suggests Deeper Loss for Qualcomm', u'Samsung Electronics Co Ltd used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report, in a blow to U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm Inc. Samsung Electronics Co Ltd used more of its own chips to power the new Galaxy S6 smartphone than it did for the predecessor S5, according to an early teardown report, in a blow to U.S. chip supplier Qualcomm Inc.  Teardown of New Samsung Galaxy Smartphone Suggests Deeper Loss for Qualcomm'), (u"Reliance's 'NIMBY' Woes Prove Headache for India's Digital Push", u"Residents of a Mumbai suburb are taking on one of the country's biggest conglomerates in a rare grassroots protest against a 25-metre telecom mast that marks a new stumbling block in India's troubled push to get millions more online. Residents of a Mumbai suburb are taking on one of the country's biggest conglomerates in a rare grassroots protest against a 25-metre telecom mast that marks a new stumbling block in India's troubled push to get millions more online. Reliance's 'NIMBY' Woes Prove Headache for India's Digital Push"), (u'Indonesia Plays Hardball With Smartphone Manufacturers', u"When Polytron became the first Indonesian company to produce 4G-capable smartphones last year, it changed the 'Manufactured in China' inscription on its handsets to 'Made in Kudus,' a town in Central Java. When Polytron became the first Indonesian company to produce 4G-capable smartphones last year, it changed the 'Manufactured in China' inscription on its handsets to 'Made in Kudus,' a town in Central Java.  Indonesia Plays Hardball With Smartphone Manufacturers"), (u'Vivendi Says Still Believes Rebel Shareholders Could Be Breaking Law', u'French media group Vivendi, facing a rebellion from activist shareholders over its strategy, repeated on Thursday that it believed they could be breaking the law if they were to back U.S. hedge fund PSAM at its upcoming annual shareholder meeting. French media group Vivendi, facing a rebellion from activist shareholders over its strategy, repeated on Thursday that it believed they could be breaking the law if they were to back U.S. hedge fund PSAM at its upcoming annual shareholder meeting. Vivendi Says Still Believes Rebel Shareholders Could Be Breaking Law'), (u'Online Food Ordering Service Tapingo Raises $22 Million', u'Mobile food ordering service Tapingo said on Thursday it has raised $22 million in funding, as competition heats up in the market for online delivery services. Mobile food ordering service Tapingo said on Thursday it has raised $22 million in funding, as competition heats up in the market for online delivery services.  Online Food Ordering Service Tapingo Raises $22 Million'), (u"How Technology Eased Buhari's Path to Power in Nigeria", u"Technology played a decisive role in helping Muhammadu Buhari become the first Nigerian to oust a sitting president at the ballot box, from social media campaigning to biometric machines preventing the widespread rigging that marred past polls. Technology played a decisive role in helping Muhammadu Buhari become the first Nigerian to oust a sitting president at the ballot box, from social media campaigning to biometric machines preventing the widespread rigging that marred past polls.  How Technology Eased Buhari's Path to Power in Nigeria"), (u'Uber Hires Chief Security Officer From Facebook', u'Cab-hailing company Uber Technologies Inc, under fire for how it charges passengers and ensures their safety, said it hired Facebook Inc Chief Security Officer Joe Sullivan. Cab-hailing company Uber Technologies Inc, under fire for how it charges passengers and ensures their safety, said it hired Facebook Inc Chief Security Officer Joe Sullivan.  Uber Hires Chief Security Officer From Facebook'), (u'Bogus Hillary Clinton Website Highlights Online Perils for 2016 Candidates', u"Hillaryclinton.org bears the likely Democratic presidential candidate's name, but she would not want supporters to go there: some cyber security experts said this week the site contains malicious software. Hillaryclinton.org bears the likely Democratic presidential candidate's name, but she would not want supporters to go there: some cyber security experts said this week the site contains malicious software. Bogus Hillary Clinton Website Highlights Online Perils for 2016 Candidates"), (u'Microsoft Brings Document Scanner App to iPhones, Android', u"Microsoft Corp said on Thursday it is bringing one of its most popular apps, which lets people take photos of a document and turn it into a editable file, to Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's Android. Microsoft Corp said on Thursday it is bringing one of its most popular apps, which lets people take photos of a document and turn it into a editable file, to Apple Inc's iPhone and Google Inc's Android.  Microsoft Brings Document Scanner App to iPhones, Android"), (u'U.S. Dept. Of Justice Announces Settlement With Online Course Provider edX', u'The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday announced a settlement with online course provider edX Inc over allegations its platform was not accessible to would-be students who were blind, deaf or had other physical disabilities. The U.S. Justice Department on Thursday announced a settlement with online course provider edX Inc over allegations its platform was not accessible to would-be students who were blind, deaf or had other physical disabilities. U.S. Dept. Of Justice Announces Settlement With Online Course Provider edX'), (u'Silicon Valley Start-Up Targets Atypical Market: The Elderly', u'Young consumers are often the first audience that technology companies target with new gadgets and mobile apps. Now a Silicon Valley company, backed by a few big names on the Internet, is aiming at the elderly. Young consumers are often the first audience that technology companies target with new gadgets and mobile apps. Now a Silicon Valley company, backed by a few big names on the Internet, is aiming at the elderly.  Silicon Valley Start-Up Targets Atypical Market: The Elderly'), (u"Check Point to Buy Israel's Lacoon Mobile Security", u"Internet and network security provider Check Point Software Technologies will buy Israel-based Lacoon Mobile Security for tens of millions of dollars, it said on Thursday. Internet and network security provider Check Point Software Technologies will buy Israel-based Lacoon Mobile Security for tens of millions of dollars, it said on Thursday. Check Point to Buy Israel's Lacoon Mobile Security"), (u'Via, a Ride-Sharing App, Raises $27 Million for Car-Pooling', u'The aim of Via is to expand its service far beyond the confines of Manhattan. The aim of Via is to expand its service far beyond the confines of Manhattan. Via, a Ride-Sharing App, Raises $27 Million for Car-Pooling'), (u'Daily Report: Post-PayPal, and Still Making Waves', u'Alumni from the payments company have established a reputation as the best in Silicon Valley at finding and funding the latest hot product or company. Alumni from the payments company have established a reputation as the best in Silicon Valley at finding and funding the latest hot product or company. Daily Report: Post-PayPal, and Still Making Waves'), (u'Using Patient Data to Democratize Medical Discovery', u'Scientists say that sharing and mining patient information could accelerate the pace of medical discovery. Scientists say that sharing and mining patient information could accelerate the pace of medical discovery. Using Patient Data to Democratize Medical Discovery'), (u'Playtech Forays Into FX Trading Market With $224 Million Buy', u'Gambling technology company Playtech is set to enter the forex trading market after agreeing a deal to buy a majority stake in TradeFX for 208 million euros ($224 million). Gambling technology company Playtech is set to enter the forex trading market after agreeing a deal to buy a majority stake in TradeFX for 208 million euros ($224 million). Playtech Forays Into FX Trading Market With $224 Million Buy'), (u"India's IT Plans Suffer From Power Cuts, Congestion-And Monkeys", u"As India launches an $18 billion plan to spread the information revolution to its provinces, the problems it faces are a holdover from the past - electricity shortages, badly planned, jam-packed cities, and monkeys. As India launches an $18 billion plan to spread the information revolution to its provinces, the problems it faces are a holdover from the past - electricity shortages, badly planned, jam-packed cities, and monkeys.  India's IT Plans Suffer From Power Cuts, Congestion-And Monkeys"), (u'Reviewing Sound Bars: An Alternative to TV Home Theater Systems', u'The bar can significantly improve the quality of audio on newer TVs, which has diminished with their size. The bar can significantly improve the quality of audio on newer TVs, which has diminished with their size. Gadgetwise column; sound bars offer cheap and compact alternative to people who want to enhance audio from their televisions without investing in home theater system. Reviewing Sound Bars: An Alternative to TV Home Theater Systems'), (u'Video Feature: Custom Filters to Sift the Torrent of Technology News', u'A number of apps help users winnow the overwhelming amount of news about hardware and software, serving up content of the greatest interest to them. A number of apps help users winnow the overwhelming amount of news about hardware and software, serving up content of the greatest interest to them. Kit Eaton App Smart column compares apps designed specifically to allow users to customize filters for technology industry news; recommends Drupe app for Android, which helps users keep track of most-frequently-contacted people. Video Feature: Custom Filters to Sift the Torrent of Technology News'), (u'With Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, Samsung Tries to Regain Its Footing', u"The elegant new smartphones aim to answer many criticisms leveled at Samsung\u2019s phones but are most likely not quite enough to fix what ails the company. The elegant new smartphones aim to answer many criticisms leveled at Samsung\u2019s phones but are most likely not quite enough to fix what ails the company. Farhad Manjoo State of the Art column predicts that Samsung's latest top-of-the-line Galaxy smartphones will most likely fail to address company's declining market share due to their lack of compelling software; notes that while company has addressed oft-repeated complaints about their phones' looks, it has not been successful in offering users useful suite of unique software. With Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge, Samsung Tries to Regain Its Footing"), (u'Analyzing Your Twitter Life', u'How to use a variety of tools to get more information about your online audience. How to use a variety of tools to get more information about your online audience. Personal Tech Q&A on how to gauge who is viewing a Twitter account; duplicating addresses from Yahoo Mail in Gmail account; Tip of the Week on managing Mozilla Firefox browser extensions and plug-ins. Analyzing Your Twitter Life'), (u"India's IT Plans Suffer From Power Cuts, Congestion-And Monkeys", u"As India launches an $18 billion plan to spread the information revolution to its provinces, the problems it faces are a holdover from the past - electricity shortages, badly planned, jam-packed cities, and monkeys. As India launches an $18 billion plan to spread the information revolution to its provinces, the problems it faces are a holdover from the past - electricity shortages, badly planned, jam-packed cities, and monkeys.  India's IT Plans Suffer From Power Cuts, Congestion-And Monkeys"), (u'Tech Leaders Call for Anti-Discrimination Laws to Protect Gays in all 50 States', u'More than three dozen chief executives and other senior Silicon Valley leaders issued a joint statement asking all state legislatures to add sexual orientation and gender identity as protected classes to their civil rights laws. More than three dozen chief executives and other senior Silicon Valley leaders issued a joint statement asking all state legislatures to add sexual orientation and gender identity as protected classes to their civil rights laws. Tech Leaders Call for Anti-Discrimination Laws to Protect Gays in all 50 States'), (u'Search, Social & Shopping: Pinterest Turns 5', u"In its five short years of life, Pinterest has become 'the' place where brides-to-be create wish boards of wedding china photos and do-it-yourself home renovators bookmark shiny turquoise tiles for bathrooms. It's where people share ideas and... In its five short years of life, Pinterest has become 'the' place where brides-to-be create wish boards of wedding china photos and do-it-yourself home renovators bookmark shiny turquoise tiles for bathrooms. It's where people share ideas and ingenuity and get creatively inspired. And it's fueled a new way of searching for items that's even stolen traffic from tech giant Google. Search, Social & Shopping: Pinterest Turns 5"), (u'Voice-Controlled GPS Helmet to Help Bikers', u'By Jim Drury By Jim Drury Voice-Controlled GPS Helmet to Help Bikers'), (u'Attack on GitHub Appears to Have Ended', u'The site that hosts code for programmers had been overwhelmed by traffic that security experts believed came from China\u2019s Great Firewall. The site that hosts code for programmers had been overwhelmed by traffic that security experts believed came from China\u2019s Great Firewall. Attack on GitHub Appears to Have Ended'), (u'Video Streaming Service Hulu Wins Dismissal of U.S. Privacy Lawsuit', u'Hulu won the dismissal of a lawsuit in which users accused the video streaming service of illegally violating their privacy by sharing their viewing histories with Facebook Inc. Hulu won the dismissal of a lawsuit in which users accused the video streaming service of illegally violating their privacy by sharing their viewing histories with Facebook Inc. Video Streaming Service Hulu Wins Dismissal of U.S. Privacy Lawsuit'), (u'U.N. Site on Flight in Conflict Zones to Start Up Thursday', u'A new United Nations website distributing warnings about risks to aircraft in conflict zones is set to go live on Thursday, the agency running the site said in a letter to its member states. A new United Nations website distributing warnings about risks to aircraft in conflict zones is set to go live on Thursday, the agency running the site said in a letter to its member states. U.N. Site on Flight in Conflict Zones to Start Up Thursday'), (u'App Smart | Tech News That\u2019s Easy to Use', u'Technological advances can now help keep us informed about the latest technological advances. Appy Geek, PopSci and CNET all have easy-to-use interfaces that deliver the latest in tech news. Technological advances can now help keep us informed about the latest technological advances. Appy Geek, PopSci and CNET all have easy-to-use interfaces that deliver the latest in tech news. App Smart | Tech News That\u2019s Easy to Use'), (u'Uber Files Complaints Against German and Spanish Bans', u"Uber has filed complaints with Brussels against Spain and Germany over their bans on the mobile phone taxi-hailing service, ramping up the U.S. company's battle against legal challenges across Europe. Uber has filed complaints with Brussels against Spain and Germany over their bans on the mobile phone taxi-hailing service, ramping up the U.S. company's battle against legal challenges across Europe. Uber Files Complaints Against German and Spanish Bans"), (u'Tandoori Microwaves Help Samsung Woo India, Counter Global Dip', u"Microwave ovens that cook tandoori bread, smartphones that understand Tamil and washing machines designed to deal with humid, dusty cities: all part of Samsung Electronics' push to conquer India and offset a global slump. Microwave ovens that cook tandoori bread, smartphones that understand Tamil and washing machines designed to deal with humid, dusty cities: all part of Samsung Electronics' push to conquer India and offset a global slump. Tandoori Microwaves Help Samsung Woo India, Counter Global Dip"), (u'Daily Report: Tech Leaders Come Together to Oppose Indiana Law', u'In an industry that avoids controversy, the heads of several prominent companies, including Apple and Salesforce.com, have chosen to pick a battle. In an industry that avoids controversy, the heads of several prominent companies, including Apple and Salesforce.com, have chosen to pick a battle. Daily Report: Tech Leaders Come Together to Oppose Indiana Law'), (u'Kenya Corruption Watchdog Makes Allegations Against 175 Officials', u"Kenya's anti-graft watchdog published a report detailing corruption allegations against 175 government officials on Tuesday, with some cases involving multi-billion-dollar Chinese-backed infrastructure projects. Kenya's anti-graft watchdog published a report detailing corruption allegations against 175 government officials on Tuesday, with some cases involving multi-billion-dollar Chinese-backed infrastructure projects. Kenya Corruption Watchdog Makes Allegations Against 175 Officials"), (u'Silicon Valley Leaders, New to Social Issues, Come Together Over Indiana Law', u"In an industry that avoids controversy, the heads of several prominent companies, including Apple and Salesforce.com, have chosen to pick a battle. In an industry that avoids controversy, the heads of several prominent companies, including Apple and Salesforce.com, have chosen to pick a battle. Technology industry leaders have rallied in opposition to new Indiana law that could allow businesses to discriminate against gay couples; passionate reaction is in contrast to industry's conspicuous silence on other prominent social issues; shift indicates how relatively young industry may be beginning to embrace its role as cultural and business leader. Silicon Valley Leaders, New to Social Issues, Come Together Over Indiana Law")]